GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 148.

An Act for vesting the settled and other Estates of John Pierson Foote Esquire, in the Parirti of Calfiocky in the County of Cornwall, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell and to stand possessed of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS John Foote, formerly of Harewood, in the Parish of February

Castock, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, deceasrd, did, at "jX?

the Special Court held on or about the Twenty-third Day of Foote,ofttte February One thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, surrender into the ftdsa>edule Hands of the Lord of the Manor of Calftcck, Part of the ancient Duchy taA'cxaoder of Cornwall, the Copyhold or Customary Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- CarcwinFee. ments held of the fain Manor, and mentioned and comprized in the herein, after recited Indenture of Settlement, of the Second Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and described and distinguished in the First Schedule annexed to this Act, with their Appurtenances, upon the Condition that Alexander Carew, then of Harrowburrow, in the said County of Cornwall, E quire, (since deceased), might have the fame, to hold to him, his Heirs a id Assigns for ever, and according to the Custom of the said Manor, and that he might oe taken and admitted Tenant of the fame; and ac the fame Court, and immediately after such Surrender, the said Alexander Carew was thereupon admitted Tenant of the said Copyhold or Cuilomary Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments: And ILoc. fc? Per.J 33 U whereas

3°29

»3<t February I73j, Defca-fiitce from Alexander Carew,iu trust far the said John I'oote, in Fee.

•1st Augtift

1780, Lease of Meffua. e and Land in the Seconn Schedule ro Nicholas Milt, upon certain fruits, izth and 13th July, 1765, Settlement on the Marriage of Ambrose Cwc Foote.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

whereas by an Indenture bearing Date the fame Twenty-third Day of February One thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and made or expressed to be made between the said Alexander Carew of the one Part, and the said John Foote of the other Parr^ it is witnessed that the Name of the said Alexander Carew was used in Trust only, to and for the Use% Intents, Truths, Porposes, and Provisions therein-asser mentioned t and more particularly that he, the said Alexander Carew, and his Heits. should stand and be Tenant or Tenants thereof, to and for the only Ulie and Behoof of him the said John Foote, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, according to the Custom qLthe said Manor: And whereas the said John Foote died in the Year One thou fa rid seven hundred and forty-three, In-telfate as to his Copyhold, or Customary Hereditaments, leaving Ambrose Cox Foote, his only Son and Customary Heir, him surviving: And whereas by an Indenture of Lease. bearing Date the Twency-first Day of AuguJIOne thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, his Royal Highness George Aagujlus Frederick Prince of Wales did demise, grant, and to farm let unto Nicholas Mill Esquire, the capital Messuage or Dwelling-house, Lands, Woods, and Woodlands, firuate within the aforesaid Manor of Calfiock, and called Hare wood, and mentioned arid coinprifed in the here-in-after recited Indenture of Settlement, of the Second Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and described and oiltin-guished in the Second Schedule annexed to this prefmt Act, with the Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the Laid N cholas Mill, h s Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, from thenceforth for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, determinable upon the Deaths of the Ltd John Pur fan Foote, Nicholas Mill, the Son of the said Nicholas Mill, Party thereto, and William Barlow, Son of the Reverend Wiliam Trevanion B rlow CLrk, and of the longest Liver of chem, in Trust for the Uses mentio ed in a Deed of Settlement, bearing Date the Twelfth and Thirteenth Days of July, which was in the Year ('ne thousand sewn hundred and sixty-five, and made between the aforesaid Ambrose Cox Foote of the First Part, John Holies Esquire, and the said Nicholas Mill the Eide-, of the Second Part, and Edzabeth Holies, Daughter of the said John Holies, of the Third Pa.t, whereby the Lands comprized in the before mentioned Indenture of Lease were conveyed or otherwise assured to the said John Holies and Nicholas M;lf, Party thereto, in Trust for the said Ambrose Cox Foote for his Life; Remainder to the said Elizabeth Holies for her Life, for her Jointure in Bar of Dower; Remainder to the First and other Sons in Tail Male of the Marriage, then intended to be and soon after solemnired between the said Ambrose Cox Foote and Elizabeth Holies-, Ri maindrr to the Daughters of the said Marriage; with Remainder to the Survivor of them the Lid Ambrose Cox Foote and Elizabeth Holies in Fee; A >d where.s the said Ambrcfe Cox Foote intermarried with the said E izabeth Holies on or about the Fifteenth Day of June, in the Year One thouLnd seven hundred anJ sixty five, and had by her only Two Children, namely, John Frtngcjf Foote >nd the Lid John Pierson Foote: And whereas the Ltd f~hn 'freiir-gof Foote died on or about the Twenty-seventh Day of April, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty, an Infant: And whereas the said Ambrose Cox Foote died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-tous intestate as to his Copyhold or Customary Hereditaments, leaving John Pierson Foote, of Harewoed, in the Par fh of Caljlcck, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, his only Son and Customary H tr, him surviving: And wheteas, by an Indenture bearing Date the Second Diy of

Dumber

49* GEORGGII III. Cap. 148. 30*3

December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-ei.rht, and made or expressed to be made between the said John Pier/on Foote of th" First Part,

ment en Mar*

Broderick Hartwell Esquire, anti George Herbert Esquire, of the Second Part, Philip Thome Gentleman, of the Thiid Parr, and Mary Foote, the

Mary hit jirvW

Wife of the said John Pier/on Foote, then Mary Thorne Spinster, and feat Wife, therein described to be the Daughter of the said Philip Thome, of the Fourth Part, in Consideration of a Marriage then intended to be solem-nized between the said John Pier/on Foote and Mary his Wife, and of One thousand Pounds agreed to be and afterwards paid by the said Philip Thorne to the said "John Pier/on Foote, as the Marriage Portion of the said Mary Foote, and in Consideration of Ten Shillings to the said John Pier/on Foote, paid by each of them, the said Broderick Hartwell and George Herbert, the said John Pier/on Foote did grant, remise, releale, and for ever quit, claim, appoinr, and confirm unto the said Broderick Hartwell and George Herbert, and to their Heirs and Assigns for ever, all the Estate and Interest which he the said John Pier/on Foote then had, and which he in the First might or would have, or which he or his Heirs thereafter should or might Schedule, claim or have, of, or in all or any of the federal and respective Customary Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within and Parc and Parcel of the said Manor of Calfiock, Part of the said ancient Duchy of Cornwall, and then in the Possession or Occupation of Thomas Bate, Francis Berryl Vincent, William Almond, and Roger Tre/ry, their AlTignce, Assignees, or Assigns, and holden of the Lord of the said Manor acoiding to the Custom thereof, and therein particularly mentioned and describ d, and also described and distinguished in the First Schedule annex'd ro this Act, with the Appurtenances (subject to the Rents, Rates,

T. xes, Fines, Heriots old and new, Knowleges, Dudes, Suits, Offices, and Charg s w half ever, in any wise imposed cr charged on, or which should or might be t flu ing on or out of the fame Premises, or which ought to be paid, cone, executed, or discharged in resptft thereof), upon Trust, and to, f jr, and upon the several Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes thereinafter mentioned concerning the same; and for the Consideracions aforesaid, and in Consideration of the further Sum of Ten Shillings to the said and of the John Pier/on Foote, paid by each of them the said Broderick Hartwell and Y'/the*" George Herbert, the said John Pier/on Foote did bargain, fell, and assign second Sthe-unto the said Broderick Hartwell and George Herbert, their Executors, Ad- <tule< ministrators, and Assigns, die capital Messuage or Dwelling House, Lands,

Woods, Woodlands, and Pretnifes, comprised in and demised by the aforiesaid Indenture cf Leufe, of the Twemy-fi:ft Day of Auga/l One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, determinable cn the Deaths of the said John Pier/on Foote,

Nicholas Mill the younger, and William Barlow, and also described and distinguished in the Second Schedule annexed to this Act, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame (except as in the said original Indenture of Leaie of the said Pxerr.iies is excepted), unto the said Broderick Hartwell and George Herbert, their Executors, Administrators and AflLns, from thenceforth for the Remainder of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, therein granted unto the said Nicholas Mill the elder as aforesaid, yet to come and unexpired, determinable as aforesaid, and subject nevertheless to the Payment of the Rents, Heriots, Rates, and Taxes, and to the Performance of the Suits, Services, Covenants, and Agreements, in the said Indenture of Lease contained or oiherwite to be borne, paid, done, and performed by the Leflte thereof, and 10 subject then that the several

i® therein

30*4

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

•therein before mentioned and released Customary Lands, Tenemei)ts, Here-ditunenis, and Premiff, fnuate and being within and Part of the Manor iof Calstock aforesaid, Parcel of the said ancient Duchy of Cornwall, and ■also the h'-lo e mentioned Leasehold capital Messuage or Dwelling House, Lands, Woods, Woodlands, and all other the Premifrs also situate ■and being within and Parcel of the said Manor of Caljlock, in the Lid County of Cornwall, thereby assigned with the Appurtenances as aforesaid, to them the Trustees, the said Broderick Hartwell and George Herbert as aforesaid, were to them the said Trustees so released, assigned, and made over to them (subject as aforesaid) upon the several Trulls, Intents, and Purpose', and under and subject to the several Provisoes, ■Powers, and Agreements expressed and declared concerning the same, and in Part herein-before mentioned (that is to say), in T. ufl; for the said John Pierson Foote, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, until the Solemnization of the said then intended Marriage; and immediately after the Solemnization thereof, in Trull for him, the said John Pierson Foote and his Assigns, during his Life; and immediately after the Dentil ot tie said John Pierson Foote, leaving the said Mary, his Wife, him survivhg, then in Trull, out of the Rents and Produce of the said thereby released and assigned Premises, or of any Part thereof, either to pay to, or permit and empower the said Mary Foote to receive the Sum of One hundred Pounds yearly by Four Quarterly Payments in the Year, during her natural L'fe, for her Jointure, in full Satisfaction of her Dower and Thud", which (lie might claim to have in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereof or wherein the said John Pierson Foote should, at any Time during his Life be feiled of any Ellate of Inheritance; and in case the said John Pierson Foote should happen to survive the said Mary, his Wife, or should happen to die in her Life Time, leaving any Child or Ghildren of the said then intended Marriage, then as to the Lid several Customary Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, and the said capital Messuage or Dwelling House, Woods Woodlands, and all other the above mentioned Leasehold Premises, with their Appurtenances, and the Rents, Income, and Produce thereof (att-r Payment of the said Sum of One hundred Pound* a Year as aforesaid, to the said Mary Foote during her Lite, in case (he should survive her laid then intended Husband), and the Whole of the said Rents, Income, and Produce after her Death, in Trull to pay and apply the fame in such Manner as the said John Pierson Foote, by any Deed or Deeds executed by him in the Prelence of, and atteiled determined by Two or moie Witnesses, or by his lad Will and Testament executed in the Pretence of, and attested by Three or more credible Witnesses, should direct or appoint the fame, unto and for the Maintenance, Eclucaiion, and Support of such Ch.la and Children, if more than one, and in bringing him, her, or them, as he should think fir, to any Trade, Bufin Is, Profcilion, or Employment he should direct, and in the Advancement of all or tither of them in the World or in Marriage as he should think proper (hut not otherwise); and in D fault of such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, then and in such Cale in Trull for them the said Trustee*, or the Survivor of them, his Heirs, Executors, or Admin lira-tors, to set, ler, and dernife the said thereby released and alligne.i Pr mills, or any Part thereof for such Term and Terms of Years, to an Pe son ■or Persons they or he ll ould think proper, for the bed annual Kent thy or he could get for the lame; and from Time to Time pay and apply

the

GETORGII III. Cap. 148.

the R fidue of such Rents, rr such P rt and Par's therer f, as they or he should t ink nri (la y, urto and fur the Maintenance, Education and Suppoit ot luth Child and Children of the said then intended Marriage, if more than One, a id in the bringing I im, her, or them, as they or he should think poper, to any Trade, Bjfineh, Profession, or Employment they or he shount think fit, until the Fir It Son of the said then intended Marriage (if my Sin ih »e should happen to b ), should attain his Age of Twcniy-ooe Years, and immediately alter he should have lo attained the said Age of i wcnty-one Years as aforesaid (the said Mary F tic being then dead), then as 10 the said several and respective Culfoai.ry Linds, Tenements, Hriedyarnents, and Premiits. wi ll the Appurtenance', in Trull, for the Use of such Fir it Son of the Body of the said John Pier-Jon Foote, on the Body of the said Mary, his Wife (having so attained the said Age, of Taenty-one Years as aforesaid), lawfully begotten in Tail Male-, and in Default of tuch .1 ifue to the Ule and Behoof of the Second and every other Son of the Bony of the said John Pierson Foote on the B >dy of the said Mary, his Wife, iawfully begotten, fevrrally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Ilfue, in Trust and to and for the Use of all and every the Daiigli tr and Daughteis of the Body of the said John Pierson Foote, on the Body of the said Mary, his Wire, lawfully begotten <n Tail Male, as Tenants in Common, and in Delault of fuchiffue, in Trust and to the Use of the said John Pierson Foote, his Heirs and Affighg forever; and as tu the said capiial Messuage or Dwelling House, Woods, Woodlands, and all other the above mentioned Lcalehold Premise5, with their Appur enances (after the said First or other Son of the said then interned Manage fhoqld have attained the said Age of Twenty-one Years, and the D^aih a- the said Mary Foote should have happened) in Tiufb for them he said Ttullees, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, to £.11 and dispose of the Whole or any Part thereof, if they or he fh ;uid nnd it necessary so to do for all or either of the Purposn thereii’-aft. r tnetifioprd, and to pay and apply the Proceeds thereof, and the Ren s hat should be received for the fame, to the Maintenance, Educa ion, and Support of all such Child and Children of the said then intended Marriage, as should not at that Time be in the Pofitflion of the said Culfotrary Linds and i’remifes (unless there be but one Child), and in the b inging such of th-m as they should think proper to any Trade, Pr lefli.* ', or B fi >efs they should think, fit, or in advancing all or any oi tnmi in the Wo Id, or in Marnag-, in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions a- they or he should think proper; and in case there fh uld happen to be no Child or Children of the said then intended Marriage, or if such, and they should all happen to die before the Whole of the said Efface and Prcnnfcs should have been applied as aforesaid; then as to the Lid capital Messuage or Dwelling House and Ptemifcs, with the Appurtenance;, or the Proceeds thereof, or the Residue of such Proceeds, ri m ining in the Hands of the said Tn.flees, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Adrninifbators, undisposed of, in die the fame should have been fold, in Trutf for the Use of the said John Pierson Foote, his Executors, Admiaiftratois, and Assigns; and it is, by the said In. entue now in recital, provided and declared, that in case the said John Pierson Foote should happen to die in the Life Time of the said Mary, his Wife, leaving Two or more Children, of the said then intended [Loc. & Per.'] 33 X Marriage

3°25

3026

iSth March 1789, Alignment of Lc^fc of t1st August 1784., by the oer-fonal i\epre-fentatives of Nicholas Mill to John Pierson Foote, of Lan< s ami Pieniils in th'* Second Sch« Ji»ic.

5th March t8g, Allign-,ent b- John icr on Ko».te »the lYultct*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.8.

Marriage, living-at the Time of his Deaih, and the said Mary Foote should at any Time afterwards marry a^iin, that then and in I tilth Ca'e the Sum •of' Fifty Pound' only, from the Time of such Marriage, (h uld t e paid and payable to the said Mary Foote yearly, for her fotnture, in Manner aforesaid, in lieu of t ie before uieniioned Sum of O e hundred Pounds yearly, and from thenceforth Fitly Pounds the Rcfiuue of the said Suit! of One hundred Pounds yearly, should fink into and remain in the Hands of the said Trustees. io be by them paid and applied to tfre Maintenance, Education, and Support of such Child and Children, in such Ma mcras was therein-b tore durefed as to the R fidue of the said Rents: And whereas the said Marriage took Effect on the Twent)-fourth Day of December One Thousand fe*«Sr. hundred and eighty-e gh>.: And whereas, asti-r the Deuh of the said Amur ofc Cox Foote, the said Elizabeth Foote, his Widow, intermarried with John Herring: And whereas by an Indenture, bearingDate the 'Eighteenth Dav of March One tE ufand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and made or expefled to be made between Richard Julian E quire, and Ma'y, his Wife, formerly Mary Mill, one of the Daughters and the surviving Executrix of the hit Will and Testament of the aforesaid Nicholas Mill, the rldtr, deceased, to whom Probate thereof had been granted, of the First Part, John Herring Esquire, and Elizabeth Herring, his Wife (formerly E 'izab.tb Foote, the Wife of the said Ambrose Cox Foote, then deceased, and previously to her Marriage with the said Ambrose Cox Foote, Elizabeth Holies Spinster), of the Second Part, and the said John Pierson Foote of the Third P-rt; after reciting (amongst other Things) that upon the Death of the said Ambrose Cox Foote, it was discovered that the North •P-rt of the Barton of Harewood, conveyed by him in and by the said therein in Part recited Indenture of Release, and as herein-before set forth, to the said John Holies and Nicholas Mill the elder, in Fee, was held by Lease of his Royal Highnel’s the Prince of Wales, for the Term of Ninety, nine Years, determinable on Lives, which Lease determined on the Death of the said Ambrose Cox Foote; and further reciting that the said Nicholas Mill the elder, at the Request of the said Elizabeth Herring and John Pierson Foote, entered into .1 Treaty wi'h h s Royal Highness the P u ce of Woles f ir the Pircfufe of a L- alc of the said North Par*, of the Barton of tlanivool, with the Appurtenances, and applied Part of c ita n Trust Monies be onging to the said John Pierson Foote to the Purchase thereof; and also reciting, amongst other Things, the Indenture of Lease of the said Twenty-first Dav M August One thousand seven hundred and eischty-four, hertin-before set forth, it is in and by the said Indenture if the Eighteenth Day of March One. thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, with IT d that they, the said Richard Julian and Mary, his Wifr, by anci with the Direction and Appointment f the said John Herring and Elizabeth, his Wife, trftified as therein mentioned; and the said John Herring and Elizabeth, his Wife, for the Considerations therein exprtlf d, did assign, transfer, ratify, and confirm unto the said John Pierson Foote the Premrfes coinprifed in and demised by the herein-before recited Indenture ot Lease of the Twenty-first Day of A.tgujl One thousand seven hundred and eighty-futir, to hold the same to the said John Pierson Foote, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, lor the then Residue of the Term thereby granted, determinable as therein mentioned: Ard whereas by Indenture dated the Twentieth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the said John Pierson Foote assigned his Interest

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 3-27

in tr'ne fai^l Lease to the Trt flees named in h:s fad Settlement: And «*fli * s.-tt’e-whereas the said Join Pieifn F ole ha h, undrr a d by virtue f an Act [‘/"I of i 'll made in the Thirn- ghth Ye r of His pres. nt Majesty, inituled, Ai •-< A guit Allfor making terpetual,subjehl to Redemption an ! Puribcfe in the Manner I/8+ therein fl t:d, the fveral Sums if Money now charged in Gre t Bri.mn as a Land Tax, for o e Tear from the Twemy-fft < Day of Man h One thousand ra’stock hf seven hundred and ninety-eight, puichaLd if ho Royal HighnrLthe Hr nie J P-fovte. cf Wales 'he Fee Simple of he laid Manor of Ci/fluk,ond thereby a. quireil the Freeh, dd of the Copyh Id Hereditaments a*J Premif-s comp riled in the said Indenture of S ulement: And whereas the said John P.etfon Foote hath a'so under the said Act, purchased of his Royal Hiyhnels the Fee Simple in Remainder or Reverfi >n, expedant on the Determination of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, of the Leafchoid Premises c mprif. d in the said Indenture cf Settlors nt: And whereas the Lid Alexander Carew died in the Year One thcui uid seven hundred and thirty-nine, Intestate as to the said Copyhold or Customary Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of which he was so seized in Trull as aforesaid, leaving his Brother John Carew Esqu.re, his Customary Heir, him survivtog, who was thereupon admitted Tenant of the fame Hereditaments, and continued seised thereof until the Time of his Decease, whereupon Sarah, the Widow of the said John Carew was, according to the Curtain of the said Manor of Caljlock, admitted Tenant of the fame Hereditaments, and continued seised thereof until the Time of her Decease, upon which John Carew (afterwards Sir John Carew Baronet), the Son of the said^o^n Carew Esquire,anel Sarah his W ife, and the Customary Heir of the said John Carew Esquire, his deceased Father, was admitted Tenant of the fame Hereditaments, and continued seised thereof until the Time.of his Dccea'e, whereupon Sir Alexander Carew Baroner, the Brother if the said Sir John Carew derealed, and the Customary Heir of the said Sir John Carew, was admitted Tenant of the fame Hereditaments, and con-tir.u d leiled chetecf lin'd the Time of his Decease: And whereas, upon the Death of the said Sir Alexander Carew, Catherine IVdton Widow, Surrender of was his Hcirefs at Law , fh: being the Daughter and Heircfs at Law of ^he Lands and Catherine Jane, formerly Catherine Car w Spinster, who was the only fur- the "ft Sch". viving Sifter of the said Sir Alexander Carew, and died in his Life Time, d,lle 10 J- *• and who was the only Child of the said John Carew Esquire, and Sarah Lorcf of the his Wife, who left Ilfue: And whereas the said Catherine Wilton as such Manor. Heirels at Law of the said Sir Alexander Carew as aforrlaio, then being Tenant of the said Copyhold or Ccftomary Linds, Tenements, and Hereditament, did surrender the Line Copyhold or Customary Hrfe-diraments, of which the Lid Alexander Carew, and after him the said John Carew EGquire, Sarah Carew Widow, Sir John Carew Baronet, Sir Alexander Carew Barone:, and Catherine Wilton were severally and fuc-Celii.ely feiled as afortfud, unto the said John Pierson Foote, the thenLord of the Manor of Caijlcck, of which the fame Hereditaments were Parcel:

And whneas the said John Piefon Foote, being Lord of the Minor of Piircli»fc«by Calflock as af.nel’aid, contracted for the Purchase from Mary Parson Widow, and lfibella Larke Spinller, and took by surrender from them a comprised in Fourth Parc or one Garden containing Half an Acte, a Cuttageat Caljlock j* *•'Sclie* aforesaid, and a Fourth Part i f one Parcel of Meadow containing Half ' an Acre, to merge imo the f reehold •, and being Lord of such Manor as aforesaid, contra fled, for the Purchase from John Waiter Foote Esquire,

and '

30.2S

i

Sale of Pre-mifei.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.tlfi.

and took hv fume- der from John Terre l, his Customary Tenant, a Tenth Pirt, and a F iftieth of a Fourth Put, being n 'w called Seven Acres and IPeJl Pu> k •, also a Muir ty of a Sixtieth, and a Moiety of a One hundred tit Parr, be ng Two Fields called Three Corner Parks, and the Higher Field, adj citing to Ha rewood, and also the o her M >ier v or aSxtieh and One hundredth Parts, bcinga little Ochcrf!, 'that the Customary Efface might merge and fink info the Freehold rhetrirt htntfrlf, to the U e of the Loro, the said John Pietfon Foote, his H.-irs and AITigns for ever: And wheicas the said John Pierson Foote huh applied the Sum of Five hurt-d ed and thtee P >unds Nine een Shillings and Seven-pence, Three P unds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuiue', in redeeming the Land Tax payable f k the Lid fe'tlrd Hereditaments and Premilrs, and for the C pyholu Hereditaments and Premises lb purchased by him as aforesaid: And whe eas the said Broderick Hartwell, one of the Trust-es of the la.d I tdenrure of Settlement of the Second Day of December One rhou-sand fevrn hundred and eighty--ighf, hath departed this Lite, leaving h's C ttuhre, the said George Herbert, him surviving: And whereas the said J^bn Pierson Foote hath lfif'ir by the Lid Mary, his Wife, Eigh' Children, namely ? Elizabeth Foote, Mary Foote, Joh-i H.lles Rolle Foote, Philip Lr-cke Fooe, PierJon Foote, Ambrose Foote, Celia Foote, and Charles Henry Neljcn Foote, all of whom are under the Age of Twentr-One Years: And ■whereas the said John Pierson Foote hatfi cont'rafted to fell the Mansion HaJe and Demeir.e Lands of Harewood, fituare within the Parish of Calftoek aforesaid, being Parc of the Lid lestled Hereditanv-nts and Pfe-mtUs, to Thomas Bewes, of the Parish of Saint Andrew, in the Bo'tough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, Esquirr, upon Terms highly aivamageous to the Parties inorested therein: And when as the said Copyhold Hereditaments so purchased by the said John P'urjon F ote, as aforesaid, and which are comprised in the Third Schedule to this Act, are jartly contiguous to and p.utly intermixed with furh of t ie laid settlee Hereditamems and Premises as aie contracted to be sold, and are so connected thee with that if they weie to be sold or rnj iyed feptrately fiotn the said settled Hereditaments and Premises, tire Value of the said settled H-'e litiments and Pri m.fes would be greatly diminished: And wherrae-Inch of the said settled He editamems and P emiles as are n it cor.tiad d o be fold, might be sold to great Advantage if they could befrid in F.e Simple discharged from all Leasehold Tenure: And whe e s on account of the great Advantages which might be derived from such Sales, and on Ac ount of the ereat Dillicu' y of making a suitable P ocifion fur the Issue of the said John Pieyfoa Foote, and Miry his W fe, under 'he fubfilling Trulls of the said Indenture of S. ttleuaent of the Second Day of December One thousand seven hundred a >d eighty-eight, it would be highly hem6ci.il to the n and their Ifibr, and pait.cularly to lu.h I Hue, thgc the said C mtract for Sile should be ca ried into Ex cu-tion, and that the said other S des should take E'Fcft, and that wit i and out of a competent Part t'f the Money to aiir from toe Sale of the said Hereditaments and Pten i es (o cunt acted tube fold, and from the fad other Sal s, such a Sum of Monty finuld be repa d to the said John Pi fan Foote, as should be equal to the Amount of the Moniec paid by him towards the Purchase of me prefenc Estates and Iuerefti of the said john Pierson Foote, in the Hereditaments aid Premies which shall be so fold, and that with and out of a further Part of the Money to aide from the

3029

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

the said Sales the Sum of Five hundred aid three PuundsN r.eteenSh Hirgs and Seven-pence Three per Centum Reduced B.:k Arnui'ies shoul. be jjutchaled and tran-ferred into the Name of the said J,bn Pie son Foote,

:as a Compensation for the like Sum of Five hundred aid three Pound*

Nineteen Shifting* and Seven-pence Th ec per Cenum Reduced Bank Annuities, with which the Land Tax of the said Premia wrs so r-d-emed ,by him, as aforesaid, and that the Surplus or R fidue or the Money t>

arise from the said Sales lh’juld be laid out in the Purchase of other Estates, and that such other Estates should be settled for the B.relit of the several •Persons entitled under the said Indenture of S alement; but that by realen of the Limitations and Trust^ contained in the said Indentute of Settlement of the Second Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eigiity-eight, and the Minority of the Infant Children of the said John Pier/on Fate, and Mary his Wife, the several Objects aforesaid canmc be eftefttd without the Aid of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's mi ft dutiful and loyal Subjects the said John Pterson Foote, and Mary his Wife, on Behalf of ihemfe'vrs and the said Elizabeth Foote, Mary Foote, %hn Holies Rolle Foote, Philip Locke Foote, Pterson Foote, Ambrose Foote, Celia Foote, and Charles Henry He If on Foote, their Infant Children, and (tie said George Herbert, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament assembltd, and by the Authority of the same, I hat all and singular the capital Messuage or Mansion House, p*ife*j*°the Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments described in the Three Three Sche-fevera) Schedules annexed to this Act, together w,;h all and fins»ul,ir the xru*teeif Houses, Qut-houfirs, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Ways, Paths, Passages,

Waters, Watercourses, Commons, Common of Pasture, Woods, Trees,

Timber, and Underwoods, and the Ground and Soil of the fame, Ease-nient , Profits, Ct mmodktfts. Emoluments, and Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Messuage and other Hereditaments belonging, or in 3ny wife appertaining, or with the fame or any of them now or at any Time heretofore dtmifed, leased, held, used, occupied or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken or known as Part, Parcel, or Member of them or any of them, or appurtenant thereunto, and the Remainder and Remainders, Reve lion and Revei fions, yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits of the lame MciTuage and other Hereditaments and every of them, and every Pm thereof shall, Loin and immediately after the passing of this Act, be veiled in, and the fame ate hereby veiled in Henry Lyne Templer, of Teignmouth, in the County of Devon, Esquire, and Richard Eales, of the City of F.xeter, Esquire, their Heirs and Afliins for ever, ft^thfirfe freed, ind absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of and from &c.ot Settle!* all the Uses, Eflafes, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, Charges, and otld Limitations in and by the said Indenture of Settlement of the Second ,t».mb<;r’ Dry or December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-tight, limited, expressed, or declared of and concerning such of the said Premilrs as are cimpriffed in the fame Indenture, and also of and f,om [he said Indenture amt also from-of Lease of the Twenty-first Day of August One thousand seven hundred a' and tigHty-so'ur, and the Term of Years, Renr, Covenants, Clauses, Con- 1-84, ditirn , Provisoes, and Agreements thereby or therein created, reserved, or contained, did of and from all yearly and other Payments, Rents, Quit Kents, Fmes. Heriots, Fealty, Suit of Court, and all other usual or Cuito-fLtcM Per.] 33T nrary.

j^nrcbafe Mom s to be oaid into the Bonk.

49° GEORGII III.

Hilary or Copyhold Payments, Duties, Services, or Customs whatsoever *-bot r.evertht i«fs upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purpose herein-, iftet express d and declared of and concerning the same (that is to say)s as to such o. the said Hereditaments and Premises so contracted to bet fji j co the said '■Thomas Bewts as herein-before is mentioned and recited, wnh their Appurtenances (which said Hereditaments and Premises include the Whole of the Piemile* comprised-tn the First and Third Schedules loth:* Act, and the Whole of thr Premises compril'ed in the Second Sche-dtdc to this Act, except Greenscoombt CajUe, and Marden Combe Coppices, and Raven/cliff Coppice), upon Tiuft, that they the said Henry Lyne Tempter and Richard Bales, and the Survivor-of them, and tl* Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor do and shall, upon Payment into the Bank of England, as hertin-after mentioned, of the Money agreed to be given by the said Thomas Betsies for the Purchase of the fame Hereditaments and Premises, by such good and sufficient Conveyances and Aflu ances in the Law, at by the said Thomas Bevies, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Counsel in the L-w, shall be reasonably deviled, or adviled and required, convej and a(lii:e the fame Hereditaments and Premises with their Appurtenance*; unto and to the Use of the said Thomas Bewet, his Heirs and Assigns, or to such other Person or Persons, and in such other Manner as he or they shall direct or appoint, absolutely, and for ever freed and discharged as herein-before is mentioned; and as to all other the Hereditaments and Premises hereby vested in them the said Henry Lyne Tempter amd Richard Eales, their H i s and AiTigns, with their Appurtenances upon T>uft, that they the said Henry Lyne Tempter and Richard Eales, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor do and shall, with all convenient Speed, after the passing of this Act, of their or hit own proper Authority, absolutely sell and dispose of the said last mentioned Hereditaments and Premises, either altogether or in Parcels, by public Auction or private Contract, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for such Price or Prices as to them the said Henry Lyne Tempter and Richard Eales, or the Survivor of them, or the Hews or Assigns of such Survivor, shall seem reasonable, and upon Payment of the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies for the fame into the Bankcf England, as herein-after mentioned, do and shall convey or otherwise allure the Hereditaments and Premises which shall be comprised in the said Sale or Sales, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the fame respectively, and to his or their Heirs or Assigns, or to such other Person or Persons, or in such other Manner as he or they shall direct or appoint, absolutely, and for ever, freed and discharged as tierein-befor? is mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Thomas Bettes, his He:rs and Assigns, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of the other Hereditaments and Premises hereby made saleable, shall pay his or their Purchase Money or respective Purchase Monies into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchasers of the settled and other Estates of John Pierson Foote Esquire, pursuant to the Method pre-. feribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-second, and the general Orders of the said Court, and without l ee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the

Second,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. T48f -

Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth, and the Receipt ot Receipts tf any Cashier of the Bank, of England for the said Pi.rch f- Ntqney or respective Pure afe Monies, and the Certificate of the said- Accountant General annexed to the lame, and filed in the Register Office oh the said Court of Chancery, shall effectually rpleafe and dischargd the Person or Persons paying the lame for the Money therein mentioned and acknowledged to be received, ard from being answetable for the MisappTication, or liable or bound to lee tu the Application of che fame.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be. Application after the said Purchase Monies shall have been so paid into the Bank, ns aforesaid, the fame shall, upon Petition, to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, by the said John Pierson Foote, during his Life, and a(ter his Death by any of the Persons for the Time being entitled to or interested in the said Purchase Monies, be applied and diL posed of as follows, (that is to say) j in the first Place, a Competent Parc thereof shall be applied in paying and discharging the Cods, Charges, and Expences of applying for, obtaining, and parting this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution and effectuating such Sales as aforesaid, and in the next Place fa much thereof as shall be equal to the Amount of the Monies paid by the said John Pierson Foote towards the Purchase of the present E (fates and Interests of the ft id John Pierson Foote in the Messuage and other H^editaments hereby made saleable, shall be paid to the said John Pierson Foote, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for his or their own Use and Benefit; and in the next Place a further Part of the said Purchase Monies shall be laid out in the Purchase of the Sum of Five hundred and three P> uods Nineteen Shillings and Seven-pence, Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, in the Name or Names, and for the abfoiure U e and Benefit, of the said John Pierson Foote, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as a Compehfation for the like Sum of Five hundred and three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Seven-pence, Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, with which the Land Tax of the said Messuage and other Hereditaments hereby made saleable was so purchased by him the Lid John Pierson Foote, as herein-before is mentioned and recited; and in the next Place so much ofihe said Purchase Monies as shall appear to the said Court of Chancery to be the Value of the Copyhold Premises comprized in the said Indenture of Settlement of the Second Day of December One choufand seven hundred and eighty-eight, shall be laid out in the Purchase of Hereditaments in Fee Simple in Porte fiion, to' be fttuate in England or Wales, of a clear indefeasible Estate of Inheritance; and lastly, the Surplus or Residue of the said Purchase Monies shall be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements in England or Wales, in Fee Simple in Possertion, and that the several Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, shall be settled under1 the Directions of the said Court of Chancery upon the said John Pierson Foote for his Life, and af;er his Decease so and in such Manner as that the said Mary Foote may receive out of the said Hereditaments during her Life such an annual Sum as (he would (or the Time being have been entitled to under the said Indenture of Settlement of the Second Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in case this Act had not been made, and the said Indenture of Settlement had remained in full force and virtue and subject thereto, to the Use of all and every the Children and Child of the said 5 John:

3° 32

The Land* and the Kents, &c. thereof, until Conveyance, to be enjoyed as it this Act had not been made.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14$.

John Pierson Foote, by the said Mary, hi* Wife, for such Estates and Interesti, in such Shares and Proportions, and with such Provisions for their respective Maintenance, Education, and Advancement in the Wo>ld, and with such Reflritflions, and in such Manner as the said John Pierson Foote lfcall, by Detd or Will appoint, and in Default of and until such App ’intment, and so far as any such if incomplete shall not extend, then to the Uses and in Manner following (that is to say), as tofo much of the said Hereditaments as shall be purchased with so much of the said Monies as (halt appear to the said Court of Chancery to be the Value of the said Copy-hold Premises, to such Uses and in such Manner slave and except the Uses for the Benefit of the said John Pierson Foote, during his Life, and for the Benefit of the said Mary his Wife, in case (he should survive him, and the Power limited or reserved to the said John Pierson Foote, of appointing amongst the Children of the Lid John Pierson Foote, by the said Mary, his Wife), as are, in and by the said Indenture of Settlement, of the * Second Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, expressed and declared of and concerning the said C-’pyhold Prtmife's therein comp;ifed, or as near thereto as the Deaths of Parties, and the Difference in the Nature and Quality of the Premises, and other Crcum-stances will admit of; and as to so much of the said Hereditaments as shall be purchased with the Surplus or Resdiut of the said Purchase Monies to such Uses and in such Manner slave and except the Uses for the Benefit of the said John Pierson Foote during his Life, and for the Benefit of the said Mary his Wife, in case she should survive him, and the Power limited or reserved to the said John Pierson Foote of appointing amongst the Children of the said John Pierson Foote, by the said Mary his Wife) as are in and by the said Indenture of Settlement of the Second Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, expressed and declared of and concerning the said Leasehold Premises therein comprised, or as near thereto as the Deaths, of Parties, and the Difference in the Nature and Quality of the Premises,.and other Circumstances will admit of; and in the Se.tlement so to be made as aforesaid shall be inserted such other Clauses and Provisions. for the better and more effectually explaining and giving Effect to the Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, upon and to which the said Lands and Hereditaments are so to be lettled as aforesaid, but not in-consistent with or repugnant to the said Ti ufts, Intents, and Purposes, as the said Court of Chancery shall order or direct.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in the M’an-time, and until ijie said Messuage and other Hereditaments hereby made saleable shall, in pursuance of this Act, be conveyed and afliited to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, or to his or their reactive Heirs or Assigns, or as he or they shall appoinr, they the said Henry Lyne 1'cmpler and Richard Eales, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, shall permit and suffer the fame Messuage and other Hereditaments, or such Part thereof, as shall from Time to Time remain to be sold, to be held and enjoyed, and the Rents and Profits thereof to be had, received, and taken, by and for the Benefit of such Person or Persons as would respectively be entitled to, and ought to hold andenj.)y» and receive the lame, or any Par: thereof, in case this Act had not been wade

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the meanTime and until all the said Purchase Monies shall bet applied and disposed of, pursuant to the Directions herein-be/ore contained, the fame, or so much of the same as shall from Time to Time remain unapplied and undifpcfed of, shall from Time to Time be laid out, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Monies so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they respectively are paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and all the said Navy, ViCiualling, or Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the fame shall, under the DireCboa of the said Coutt of Chancery, be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold, by the said Accountant General, for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid; and if the Money arising by the Sale of the said Navy, Victualling, and Exchequer Bills shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then, and in such Case only, the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expences of the Application to the Court for the Payment thereof, shall be paid to such Person or Persons rel’pec-tively, as would have been entitled co.the Rents and Profits of the Lands hereby directed to be jjurchafed, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Pctfons respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the said John P'terson Foote shall depart this Life after the said Estates shall have been fold, and before the Purchase Monies to be laid out in the Purchase of Hereditaments as herein-before is mentioned shall be so laid our, then and in such Case, but not otherwise, upon Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said George Herbert, his Executors or Administrators, and by the Guardian or Guardians for the Time being of such of the Children of the said John Pierson Foote, by the said Mary, his Wife, as shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and by such One or more of the Children of the said John Pier.

son Foote by the said Mary, his Wife, as shall have attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, the Navy, V.dualling, or Exchequer Bills, in which such Purchase Monies and the Accumulations thereof (if any) shall be inverted, shall, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in case the said Court shall think fit, be fold, and the Money arising from the same laid out in the Name of the Accountant General, in the Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or in the Three ■per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and there kept inverted till the fame, together with such Accumulations (if any) as shall have been made as hereinafter is mentioned, shall under the Direction of the said Court of Chance: y be ordered by the said Court to be sold by the said Accountant General, for making the Purchases aforesaid, and so much of the Interest and Dividends of the Stock which shall be so purchased shall, under t e Direction of the said Court of Chancery, be paid from Time to Time to the said Mary Foote, as would be equal to the annual Sum to which she would have been for the Time being entitled, under the said indenture of Settlement of the Second Day of December One thousand [Loc. & Per.] 33 Z faven

5C33

Until the In-

vestment's

Purchase

Mon es to he laid out in Navy Bills,

S.-C.

In case of the Death ot J,

P Foote before the Pur-ebafe Manitt ll.all have been lai.l out in Land, hmv Money Unit be laid out.

o°34

Court of Chancery to make an Order fcr taxing Cults, ttc.

Saving C Jause

49° GEORGII III. Cty.148.

Aven hundred and eighty-eighr, if this Act had not been made; and such further Part of such Interest and Dividends shall, under the Direction of the said Court, be from Time to Time applied in or towards the Maintenance, Educa'ion, and Support of the Children of the said John Pierson Foote by the said Mary his Wife, as they would respectively have been entitled to under the said Indenture of Settlement, and the Surplus or Residue of the said Interest and Dividends shall be accumulated in the like Stocks, and shall together with such original Stocks, be laid out as soon as conveniently may be, in such Purchase or Purchases of Lands and Tenements in Fee Simple in Possession as aforesaicf, and until such Purchase or Porchafes shall be made, such Stocks, Funds, and Secmitits, and Accumulations respectively shall be subject to the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes to which the Lands and Tenements to be purchased therewith would then be subject and liable if such Lands and Tenements were then purchased and settled.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to make an Order for taxing and settling the Costs, Charges, and Expences herein-before directed to be paid, and for taxing and feei ng the Costs of the several Applications to be made to the said Ct urr •, and also to make such other Orders as shall be necessary, or which the said Court shall think proper or expedient, for carrying the Purposes of this Act intoEffeft, or any of them.

VII!. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said John Pierson Foote and Mary, his Wile, and the Sons of the said John Pierson Foote, by the said Mary, his Wife, now born or hereafter to be born, and the Heirs Male of the respective Bodies of such Sons, and the Daughters of the said John Pierson Foote by the said Mary, his Wife, now born or hereafter to be born, and the Heirs Male of the respective Bodies of such Daughters, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of the said John Pierson Foote, and the said George Herbert, as surviving Trustee of the said Indenture of Settlement of the Second Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Persons and Person having or claiming, or who shall or may hereafter have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, in, to, or out of the said Mefiiiage and other Hereditaments hereby made saleable and vested in the said Henry Lyne Tempi r and Richard Eales, their Heirs and Assigns as afon said, or any of them, or any Pan or Parcel of the fame, under the said Indenture o( Sett'ement of the Second Dav of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eght), all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, P.dfioility, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, which they or any of them had held or enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in, to, from, or out of, or upon the fame Messuage and other Hereditaments, in case this Act had not b;en made.

7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 3035

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the A<jMo Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so Ki'ag’sPrinte'r. printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

The First SCHEDULE referred to in the said Act.

The Lands and Premises following are situated in the Parish of Calstock, in the County of Cornwall, and until the Year 1799, were Copyhold of Inheritance; at that Period the fame were enfranchised by Authority of the Land Tax Redemption Act, and the Fee vested in John Pierson Foote Esquire, one of the Petitioners.

Parcels. Quantities. A. R. P. State of Cultivation.

Okletor Wharf, Warehouses, &c. I O 6

Hale Park 6 3 38 Pasture.

Seven Journey Marsh - 6 2 7 Do.

Grove Park - - 5 3 22 Arable.

Church Park 8 3 18 Do.

Down Close 10 I 0 Do.

Furlong - 7 3 O Do.

Boat-house Marsh 1 1 6 Pasture.

Garden Marsh 1 1 38 Do.

Marsh 2 0 I I Do.

Do. 3 1 24 Do.

Do. 3 1 24 Do.

Hay Marsh 1 2 16 Do.

Marsh I 3 38 Do.

Do. 3 O 28 Do.

Do. 3 3 4 Do.

Do. 2 3 4 Do.

Do. 3 3 I Do.

Do. I 1 30 Do.

Do. * ~ 2 I 3° Do.

Do. 3 1 1 Do.

81 1 26

The estimated clear yearly Value of the Lands and Premises above described is Three hundred and fourteen Pounds, including therein the Land Tax and Common of Pasture appurtenant.

Value (including Timber), 10ol. - 7600 o o

JAMES DEAN, Surveyor.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

I'he Second SCHEDULE referred to in the said Act.

The Lands and Premises after mentioned were, previous to the Year 1709, held by Lease for Years determinable upon the Deaths of John Pierlbn Foote, Nicholas Mill, and William Barlow, aged respectively (in 799) 31, 29, and 31 Years, at a conventionary Rent of 8l. 10s. yearly, and an Heriot of 3I. upon the Death of each Person.

Quantities. A. R. P.

Parcels. Cultivation.

Mansion House and Offices Lawn 'and Plantation Stable Yard 1 -: Farm Yard Rick Yard . *. Seminary Walled Gardens Pond and Drying Ground

6 1 22

New Cherry Garden 3 0 it Prime.

Orchard, Cottage, Quay, fcc. c 112 Do.

Plantation and Orchard 608 Young.

Paddock and Plantation 56 0 0 Pasture, See.

Apple and Cherry Orchard Coppice . 500 19 2 6 Prime. Young.

Timber Hill 23 1 22 Do. &Timber

Willow Beds - i 0 0 Prime.

Limestone Quays 005

Manure Quay c O I 12

Elford’s Orchard x 216 Prime.

Shrubbery Gawden Park C 3 14 Young.

224 Pasture.

Cherry Garden 1 3 6 Prime.

Orchard . 1 1 8 Prime.

Horse Park 3 2 20 Pasture.

Home Road Field 2 2 37 Arable.

Yonder do. 220 Do.

Euft Park 133 Pasture.

New Quay Marsh 1 3 18 Do.

Rock Park . . - 3 2 28 Do.

Marsh - r Greenfcoombe, Castle, & Marden Coombe } 4 0 10 Do.

Coppices * - - j 82 2 30 Coppice.

RavenfcliiF Coppice # IOIO 247 1 17 Do.

* These are the Leasehold Premises referred to in the Act, not yet con trailed to be sold.

The estimated clear yearly Value of the above described Lands and Premises is Six hundred and thirty-five Pounds, including th. rein the Land Tax (redeemed) and Common of Pasture appurtenant.

Value (including Timber, 1350I.) . . 16,806 o o

JAMES DEAN, Surveyor.

[Loc.tf Psr.~\ [34^] The

3° 3 7

3°38

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

The Third SCHEDULE referred to in the said Act.

The Lands and Premises after mentioned are not under Settlement, having been purchased by John Pierson Foote since the Settlement of the other

Lands was made.

Parcels. Quantities. A. R. P. State of Cultivation.

Lodge and Plantations by the Road Five Cottages Seven Acre Close Cottage and Garden Weft Park - Little Church Park . 1 3 20 0 2 0 7 3 16 0 I 0 j 3 '9 226 Pasture. Very good. Leys. Do.

OO Oo

The estimated clear yearly Value of the Lands, &c. described in the Third Schedule is Seventy Pounds, including therein the Land Tax (redeemed) and Common of Failure.

The total Value of the said Lands and Pre-

mises in Fee ... 1744 o ©

limber - - *50 o o

Total estimated Value in Fee,

JAMES DEAN, Surveyor.

LONDON: Printed by Geouoe Eves and Anurf.w Strahan1, Printers to th* King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO’

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 149.

An Act for enabling the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish of Allhallows Barking, in the City of London, to grant a Lease of certain Estates belonging to the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

[3d yune 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Agreement, bearing Date on or about the Thirtieth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and nine, and made between the Reverend Samuel Johnes, Vicar of the Parish of Allhallows Barking, in the City of London, William Garrett Oilman, and Charles Bunyon Brandy Merchant, both of Tower Street in the said City, the Minister and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Allhallows Barking, of the first Part, the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of the Tower Ward Charity School in the said City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees of the said School, and the surviving Lessees in the Indenture of Lease hereinafter mentioned of the Second part; and Thomas Burton F.squire, the Secretary to the Honourable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, of the Third part: After reciting. That Andrew Berry, Citizen and Leatherfeller of London, in and by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing date the Twenty-eighth Day of February, in the Year of Our Lord One thousand five hundred and fifty seven, gave and bequeathed unto Catherine his then Wife, all those his three Houses and Tenements with their Appurtenances, lying and being in the Parish of Atlhallows Barking in London, whereof the One was called the Aqua Vita House, another was then late in the holding of Edward Modye, and the Third was then in the Tenure of John Hancock, to hold the fame with their Appurtenances unto his said Wife and her Assigns, from his Decease during her natural Life, and after her Decease he willed and bequeathed, that the said Tenement called the Aqua Vita House should remain unto Richard Brand, the said Testator’s Sifter’s Son, and to the Heirs of his body latvfully begotten, and that the said Tenement \_Loc. & Per.] 34 A late

Recital of Agreement 30th March

I £09.

3038

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

late in the holding of the said Edward Modyc, should' likewise immediately after the Decease of his laid Wife remain unto Thomas Brand, Brother to the said Richard Brand, and to the Heirs of the Body of the said Richard lawfully begotten, and that the other Tenement then in the Occupation of the said John Hancock, should likewise <ifter the Decease of his said Wife remain to Jane Brand, Sifter to the said Richard and"Thomas, and to the Heirs of the Body of the said Jane lawfully begotten; and the said Testator directed, that in case any of his said Sifter’s Children should die before his said Wife without Issue of his or her Body lawfully begotten, then he gave and devised the Tenement or Tenements to him or her, as was aforesaid bequeathed, after the Decease of his said. Wife, unto the Parson and Churchwardens of the said Parish Church of Barking, to hold to them and their Successors for ever, for and towards the Relief of the Poor Parishioners, Householders of the fame for the Time being: And reciting, That the said Testator departed this Life some Time after the making his said Will, and under the Devises therein, and Events that afterwards happened, that the Tenements thereby devised or some Part thereof became vested in the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish of Ail-hallows Barking for the Time being, and had sincebeen converted into aSchool Houseforthe Ward of Tower, within which the said Premises are situate: And reciting. That the Trustees of the said School being entitled to the fame for a Term of Seventeen Years yet to come, and unexpired, at the yearly Rent of Thirty Pounds, by virtue of some Lease or equitable Agreement from the Minister and Churchwardens of the said Parish; and that the said Thomas Burton, on Behalf of the said Commissioners of Excise, had agreed with the Trustees of the said School for the Time being, to purchase the Remainder of their Term therein, and that the fame should be furren-dered at or for the Price or Sum of One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds: And reciting, That His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise being desirous of pulling down the said School House, and of erecting certain Buildings on the Scite thereof for the Use of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, that the said Thomas Burton had applied to and requested the Minister and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, to grant him, in Trull for the said Commissioners, a Lease of the said Premises for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, from Lady-Day then and now lad pall, which the said Minister and Churchwardens hath agreed to do as far as they lawfully could or might, upon a Surrender of the said Term so veiled in such Trustees as aforesaid, and upon the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, Part of the said Sum of One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, being paid them for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, and a reserved Rent of Thirty Pounds being paid to them for the said Premises for the first Seventeen Years of the said Term, and a reserved Rent of One hundred Pounds a-Year for the remaining Eighty-two Years of the said Term; which Proposal appearing to be very much for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, that the said Minister and Churchwardens had agreed to grant such Lease of the fame Premises to the said Thomas Burton, on Behalf of the Honourable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, upon the Terms and Conditions thereinbefore and after mentioned *. And reciting, That Doubts having been entertained whether the said Minister and Churchwardens had Power under the Will of the said Testator, to grant a Lease for so long a Term as Ninety-nine Years without the Authority of Parliament, it hath been agreed that the said Thomas Burton should, in his own Name, or in the

Name

3039

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

Name of His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise, or in the Name or Names of the Minister and Churchwardens of the said Parish (Parties thereto), or for the Time being, as he should be advised, (but at the proper Colls and Charges of His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise for the Time being,) take the proper and necessary Measures for obtaining an Act of Parliament to enable the Minister and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, to grant such Lease for the Term of Ninety-nine Years as aforesaid: It was thereby agreed, by and between the said Parties, that in Consideration of the Slirft of One thousand Pounds, to be paid to the Trustees for the 1'ime being of the said Charity School, by the said Thomas Burton, on Behalf of the said Commissioners of Excise, being in full for the Surrender of such Term of Seventeen Years, being the whole of their Interest of and in the said Premises, they the said Trustees should and would furren-der and yield up unto the said Minister and Churchwardens, all their Term of Years, Estate, and Interest of and in the said Lease, and which from Lady-Day last was to come, and unexpired therein: And the said Minister and Churchwardens, in Consideration o'f the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to them by the said Thomas Burton, and of the reserved Rent of Thirty Pounds a-Year, to be paid to them by the said Thomas Burton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the first Seventeen Years of the said Term, and of the reserved Rent of One hundred Pounds a-Year, to be paid or caused to be paid to them by the said Thomas Burton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the remaining Eighty-two Years of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, that they the said Minister and Churchwardens, or their Successors for the Time being, should and would make and execute unto the said Thomas Burton, ip trull for the said Commissioners, a Lease of all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, with the Messuage or Tenement (landing and being th reon, fituace in Tower Street, in the Parish of Allhallows Barking aforesaid, and lately used as a School House for the Ward of Tower, with tile Appurtenances thereunto belonging, with Liberty to pull down the fame, and to erect such other Building or Buildings thereon, and occupy the same as they might think fit; to hold the fame unto the said Thomas Burton, his Executors* Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March then initant, and now last pall at and under the Yearly Rent of Thirty Pounds for the First Seventeen Years of the said Term, and One Hundred Pounds for the remaining Eighty-two Years thereof, free from all Taxes and Deductions whatever, charged upon the Occupier of the said Premises, (except the Landlord’s Property Tax,) and such Rents to be paid Quarterly, on the usual Days of Payment of Rent; and the said Thomas Burton, for and on the behalf of the Honourable the Commissioners of Excise,’did thereby agree to take the said Premises, and to pay the said respective Rents, in manner and form aforesaid, free from all 'Faxes and Deductions whatsoever charged upon the Occupiers of the said Premises, (except the Landlord’s Property Tax ) such Rents to be paid Quarterly, on the usual D;ys of Payment of Rent; and it was thereby agreed that a Lease and Counterpart should be prepared, as soon as an Act of Parliament could be obtained for that Purpose, which Lease it was thereby agreed should contain the Purport of the Hid Agreement, and all usual and customary Covenants between Landlord and Tenant, usually contained in Leases of the like Nature; and the said Thomas Burton did thereby.

3040

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

by, on behalf of the said Commissioners, agree that he would take the belt and moll effectual Measures, to obtain an Act of Parliament for enabling the said Minister and Churchwardens, and their Successors for the Time being, to grant such Lease, and for carrying the said Agreement into Effed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and it was thereby further agreed, that when, and so soon as such Act of Parliament should be passed, all proper and necessary Parties should and would join in granting and duly executing such Lease, and that the said Thomas Burton should and would execute a Counterpart thereof, such Lease and Counterpart to be prepared at the Expence of the said Commissioners: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said Parish, if the said recited Contract or Agreement was carried into Execution; but inasmuch as the fame cannot be carried into Effed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament. Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Sub-jeds, the said Samuel Johnes, William Garrett, and Charles Bun yon, for and on behalf of the said Parish of Allhallows Barking aforesaid, as also the said Thomas Burton, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kino’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Samuel 'Johnes, William Garrett, and Charles Bunyon, and their Successors, as Minister and Minister and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Allhallows Barking, denV of'a li" aforesaid, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered byln-haiiows Bark- denture duly executed under their Hands and Seals, to grant a Lease ing, may unto the said Thomas Burton, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Irafe certain jn Trull for His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, the Commi f an<* fm£u*ar said Piece or Parcel of Ground, with the Messuage, or

fionera of Ex- Tenement, standing and being thereon situatein Tower-Street, in the Parish cite. of Allhallows aforesaid, and lately used as a SchoolhousefortheWard

of Tower, and comprized in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and so agreed to be demised or leased unto the said Thomas Burton in Trull as aforesaid, by the said recited Contract or Agreement; and also of all Ways, Watercourses, Rights, Easements, Liberties, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Appurtenances whatsoever thereto belonging, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years; to take effect, or be computed from the Period or Time mentioned and specified in the said recited Contract or Agreement, at and under the yearly Rents, and under and subject to the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements mentioned, expressed, or referred to in the fame Contract or Agreement according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, anjl of this A a.

General II. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and

Gung. Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Successors. Executors, and Administrators, (other than the said Minister and Churchwardens, and their Successors and Assigns, as aforesaid), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Piece, or Parcel of Ground and Hereditaments, comprized in the said recited Agreement, and in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, as they or any of them had

or

3c+i

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

or were entitled to, at or before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had in case this Act had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so printed shall be taken as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A Piece or Parcel of Ground with the Old Messuage or Tenement Handing and being thereon, and lately used as a School House for the Ward of Tower, and situate on the South Side of a certain Street called Tower-Street in the Parish of Allbalhws Barking in the City of London, abutting North on Tower-Street aforesaid, and containing in Breadth from East to Well in Front thereof next Tower-Street aforesaid, Fourteen Feet Four Inches of Assize, and abutting East dn a Messuage or Tenement lately purchased by Thomas Burton Esquire, of James Keates Baker, and extending in a straight Line from North to vSouth on the East Side thereof Fourteen Feet Ten Inches, and then projecting further Eastward in a Line from West to East Three Feet Nine Inches, and again extending in a Straight Line from North to South Twelve Feet Ten Inches, and then again projecting towards the East Seven Feet Two Inches, and then running in an oblique Line inclining Westward from North to South Twenty-one Feet One Inch, and abutting East partly on the aforesaid Premises lately purchased of the said James Keates, and partly on other Premises now held in Trull for the said Commissioners of Excise, and then running Westward in a straight Line from East to West Eleven Feet Nine Inches, and then extending again Southward in a straight Line from North to South Thirty-live Feet Four Inches, and then projecting towards the East One Foot Eight Inches, and then running in an oblique Line, inclining Westward Five Feet Six Inches, and which Premises then determine at the South End thereof, and then return Westward Two Feet Three Inches, and then break Inwards or towards the North One Foot Five Inches, and then extend in a straight Line from East to West, Fifteen Feet Five Inches, and then abutting Westward, running from South to North in a straight Line Twenty-three Feet Four Inches, and then breaking Inwards towards the East Two Feet Three Inches, and then again running Northward towards Tower-Street, in a direct Line from South to North Twenty Feet Nine Inches, and then projecting in an oblique Line inclining Westward Three Feet, and-then extending in a direct Line from East to West Five Feet Nine Inches, and then again running Northward in a direct Line from South to North Twenty-six Feet Four Inches, and again breaking inwards towards the East in a direct Line from West to East Six Feet Six Inches, and then again continuing in a straight Line from South to North Fifteen Feet Ten Inches to the North Front in Tower-Street, which said last mentioned Lines of TwentyFeet Four Loc. & Fer.J 34 B Inches,

Act to be PiintccJ by the King's Printer.

3042

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

Inches, and Fifteen Feet Ten Inches abut Westward, on Premil'es now used or occupied as a Public House, being the Corner House, towards a certain Alley or Passage, called Prieji's Alley, in Tower-Street aforesaid.

LONDON: Printed by Cforce Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s mo ft Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for inclohng Lands in the Hamlet and Chapelry of Wheatley, in the Parish of Cuddefdon, in

WHEREAS there are within the Hamlet and Chapelry of Wheat-let, in the Parish of Cuddefdon, in the County of Oxford, several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, and also Sixty Acres of Land or thereabouts adjoining the fame, and beimr Part and Parcel of the Commonable Lands thereof, commonly called The Cow Common, and which was formerly allotted by a Decree in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer for the Use of the Freeholders and Landholders in Wheatley aforesaid, in lieu of their Rights and Interests in and over a certain Forest called Shotover in the said County of Oxford: And whereas William Henry Ashurst Esquire, as Heir at Law of Sir William Henry Ajkurfl Knight, deceased, the Trustee named in the Will of Sir John IVhalLey Srnythe Gardiner Baronet, deceased, is Lord of the Manor of Wheatley aforesaid: And whereas Gilbert Jackson, Doctor in Divinity, as Impropriator, is entitled to certain Glebe Lands lying in the said Common Fields, and also to all the Great Tythes arising, growing, and payable within Wheatley aforesaid, except the Tythes of Hay and Grass: And whereas the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Oxford for the Time being is seised of or entitled to the Rectory of Cuddefdon in the said County of Oxford, with the Chapelry of Wheatley aforesaid annexed.

Cap. i50.

the County of Oxford.

ILoc. V Per.J

34 C

and

3° 4&

49° GEORGII III. Gap. i so.

and in Right of the said Reftoty to the Tythes of Hay and Grass, and to all the Vicarial or Small Tythes arising, renewing, or happening within Wheatley aforesaid: And whereas Sir 'James Whalley Smythe Gardiner Baronet, the Warden and the College of the Souls of all faithful People deceased of Oxford, and William Davis their Lessee, the Principal and Scholars of the King's Hall and College of Brazen-nose in Oxford, and Thomas Harper, James Harper, and Susanna Williams, their Lessees, William Juggins, and divers other Persons, are seised and possessed of or otherwise interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures. Commons and Waste Grounds lying within Wheatley aforesaid, and the said Commonable Lands adjoining the fame: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intiruled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Pioviftons usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of fuel) Acts: And whereas the said Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors of the said Open Fields and Common Pastures lie intermixed and dispersed in small Pieces or Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, and as well as the said Commons and Waste Grounds and Commonable Lands, in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed: but as such Division, Allotment and Inclosure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Richard Davis of the Grove, in the Parish of Aston Rowant, in the County of Oxford, and John Davis of Bloxham, in the same County, Gentlemen, and their Successors to be nominated and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for valuing, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds in Wheatley aforesaid, and Commonable Land adjoining the fame, according to the Rules, Orders, Provisions, and Directions in the said recited Act contained (except so far as they are hereby varied or altered) and according to such other Rules, Orders, Provisions, and Directions as are herein-after expressed and contained, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execut on.

Appointment N. And, for obviating the Delays and Inconveniences which might of aa Umpire, arise by any Difference of Opinion between the said Commissioners touching any of the Matters and Things to be done in pursuance of this Act; be it further enacted, That William Bushnell of Aston Tirrold, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed to act as an Umpire concerning the Premises; and in case of any such Difference of Opinion between the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the same shall be referred to and determined by the said William Bushnell, whose Judgement and Determination therein shall be deemed and taken to be the Judgement and Determination of the said Commissioners.

Umpire to HI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall take an Oath, be capable of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of this or the said recited

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

recited Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effect following, (that is to say);

do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and

* -*■ honestly, according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, execute

* and perform the several Trulls, Powers, and Authorities veiled and c reposed in me as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-‘ ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here Jet ‘ fottb the Title of this Act~\ according to Equity and good Conscience,

* and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice oi Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever. ‘ So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners or either of them are and is hereby authorized and required to administer to such Umpire, and the said Oath, so taken and subscribed by the said Umpire, shall be annexed to and enrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners, and a Copy of the Enrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as either of the said Commissioners, or the said Umpire herein-before named or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners, or Umpire, for the Purposes of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case a new Commissioner or Commissioners, or Umpire, not being in any Manner interested in the said Division or Allotment and inclosure, or any Part thereof, shall and may be nominated, elected, and appointed in Manner following; (chat is to say', if the said Richard Davis shall die, refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Sir fames Whalley Smythe Gardiner, his Heirs or Alligns, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person, not interested in the said Division, Allotment or inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the room or Head of the said Richard Davis, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Sir James Whalley Smythe Gardiner, his Heirs or Assigns, (Trail die, refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting } and if the said John Davis shall die, refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, it. shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the P oprietors of the said Lands and Grounds (except the said Sir James J1'bailey Smythe Gardiner and his Heirs and Assigns), or to or for the respective Attornies or Agents of such Proprietors who shall be present at a public Meeting or resptdive public Meetings to be holden for that Purpose in the Chapel at Wheatley aforesaid, in pursuance of public Notice to be given in one or mor< of the weekly Newspapers published at Oxford, and by Writing to be affixed to the principal outer Door of the Chapel at Wheat 'ey aforesaid, Twenty-one Days at lead before every such Meeting (which Notice the other Commissioner, or the Clerk who shall have been chosen and appointed by the said Commissioners, are ana is hereby authorized ana required forthwith to give), by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint another Commissioner in the room and Head of the said John Davis so dying, refusing to ad, or become incapable of acting, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner or Commissioners to be appointed by the said Proprietors shall die, refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting; and if the said William Bushnell, or any Umpire to he

appointed

3 °4 7

The Oath.

For appointing new Commissioners or Umpire.

30+8

Surveyor.

Fret to Commissioners, &c.

Notice of Meetings.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. i^0.

appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act, then and every such Case a new Umpire, not interested in the said Division or Allotment and Inclosure, shall and may be chosen in the stead of every Umpire so dying, refusing, or becoming incapacitated, by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, who by themselves, or their respective Attornies or Agents, shall be present at any Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid, not excepting the said Sir James IVhalley Smythe Gardiner, his Heirs or Assigns; and in case the Person or Persons respectively herein-before enabled to appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners, or Umpire as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appoint such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Umpire, in the place or stead of any other Commissioner or Umpire who shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, for the Space of Twenty eight Days next after any such Vacancy shall happen, then and in every such Case, and as often as the Case shall happen, the said Commissioners, or the surviving or remaining Commissioners, as the Case maybe, shall and may by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand nominate and appoint another Commissioner or Umpire, not interested in the said Division or Allotment and Inclosure, in the room and stead of every Commissioner or Umpire so dying, refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting, whose Place shall not be filled up by the Person or Persons respectively enabled to appoint as aforesaid; and every such new Commissioner and Umpire so to be appointed shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, in all Respects whatsoever, as any Commissioner of Umpire had or was inverted with by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That Robert Fisher Gills, of Farebam in the County of Hants, Land Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Surveyor for executing the several Powers verted in him by the said recited Act and this Act, and shall be subject to the Controul and Directions of the said Commissioners; and in case of his Death, Incapacity, or declining to act, then and in either of such Cases the said Commissioners shall and may appoint such other Person as they shall think proper to be their Surveyor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners and Umpire who shall act in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby verted in them, shall be paid the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings each, and no more, for each Day they shall be employed therein (Days of travelling to and from their Houses included); and that at all their Me, tings the said Commissioners and Umpire shall defray their own Expends, except the Money they shall pay to Servants, and for the Use of the Room or Rooms in which such Meetings shall be held.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice to be given in Writing under their Hand . to be advertised in the aforesaid Newspaper or Newspapers, and to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors of the Chapel at JVbeatley aforesaid, of the Time and Place of the First and other Meetings of the said Commissioners for executing the Powers hereby verted in them, at lead Twenty-one Days before any such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and that all Meetings for executing the Powers of

3 this

3^49

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

this Act shall be held at some convenient Place in JVheathy aforesaid, or ■within Six Miles of the Chapel thereof; and in case at any such appointed or adjourned Meeting only One of the said Commissioners shall attend, such Commissioner may adjourn the fame in such Manner and to such Place within the said Six Miles as he shall think proper and convenient, not exceeding Twenty-one Days after such Meeting, and the said Commit oner making such Adjournment is hereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to the absent Commissioner; and in case no one of the said Commissioners shall be present at any such Meeting, then it shall be lawful for their Clerk to adjourn any such Meeting, and appoint the same to beheld at the fame or any ether Place on any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of Adjournment, and (had give timely Notice thereof to the Commissioners.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners shall be Fo made and given by Writing affix Jjupon One of the principal oufer Doors of the said Chapel of Wheatley, or by Advertisement in the said Newspaper or Newspapers published at Oxford aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall aril'e between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Mutter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required with all convenient Speed to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, cr Hereditaments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Coils and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required and authorized by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been fodiftrulncd and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

[Lee. fc? Per.,] 34 D XI. Provided

Other Notices how to be given.

Commissioners to settle Uifputet,

but not to determine Titles.

Power to assess Colts.

3050 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

Allowing

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per-thaJitr1"t°try son or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the Paid intended *t Law'.° S Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Intereffs in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire at the then next or the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Oxford, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, who shall be difiatTsfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Ilfue against the Person or Persons in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Six Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or morelfliie or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled with the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame j and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all, and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall let aside such Verdict or Verdicts and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the said Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not fee aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in conformi’y thereto, and allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided also, that the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire touching such Claim or Claims to or Right or Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being ebjeded to the Party or Parties objeding not causing such Action or Actions at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and con-Inclosure not elusive upon all Parties: Provided also, that no Difference or Suit touching b°'suits>e<iCd l^e Matters aforesaid, shall impede or delay the Commissioners in the Ex-y Ults' ecution of the Powers vefLd in them by this Act, but the Division, AL lotment, and Inclosure hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Differences or Suits: Provided also, that i(any of A£hon« tjje partie^ in any Action or Actions to be brought in pursuance of this b^Deathof Ad shall die pending the fame, such Action or Actions shall not abate by the Parties, reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per-I) C-h °ff fnn or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid I’aTties’befort shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions Action might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action brought, the cr J actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of car lied* oaf the ^‘me herein-before limited for br aging such Action or Actions,

9 it

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 150. 3051

it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Cor- anu defended porate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against: the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall therein also be incumbent on. the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and . Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions,

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Persons in Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine

any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Par- ed ^thout ties, except in Cases of Encroachments; but in case the said Commis- due Course of sioners shall be of Opinion against the Rights of the Person or Persons so Law. in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejedtment or other due Course of Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until such Course Division and Allotment shall be made as aforesaid, all the Pasture, Tillage 11 and other Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed,

shall be flocked with such Cattle, and sown by the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof with such Sorts of Corn, Grain, Grass, and other Seeds, and shall be kept, ordered, and continued in such Course of Management,

Tilth, and Hiifbandry, as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf, to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Chapel of Wheatley aforesaid, order, direct, and appoint, any Usage or Custom of flocking, tilling, or flowing to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Person or Persons shall fow or manage any of the said Tillage Lands contrary to the Order of the said Commissioners, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Five P unds an Acre for every Acre so tilled, sown, or managed, and lo in Proportion for a less Quantity than an Acre thereof, to be recovered by any Person or Persons who fha I inform and prosecute for the fame in Manner prescribed by the said recited Ail touching the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, together wtth reasonable Costs.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Rights of Commissioners at any Time hereafter, when and so often as they in their Common Judgement shall think fit, by Notice for that Purpose under their Hands tobeextih-to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Chapel of Wheatley afore- S^Bied, &c; said, to suspend or totally extinguish all or any Part of the Rights of Common over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted,

and inclosed; and from and after such Notice given, all such Rights of Common over the said Lands and Grounds, as by such Notice shall be directed or declared to be suspended or extinguished, shall cease and be suspended for such Time, or extinguished in such Manner as the Commissioners

3052

Stopping up cld Roads.

Power to fell Estates separate from the Property giving the Right.

Grass Land* net to be ploughed.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

sioners shall in and by such Notice direct; and if after such Suspension or Extinguishment of any such Rights of Common, any of the said Owners or Occupiers shall turn or permit his, her, or their Cattle or Sheep to departure or feed on any of the Lands and Grounds so discharged and freed from Right of Common, then and as often as the Case shall so happen it shall be lawful for any other of the said Owners or Occupiers to dirtrain all or any such Cattle or Sheep being upon any such Lands o, Grounds contrary to such No.ice, and to impound and keep the fame impounded until the Person or Persons so offending shall pay to thei'erson or PersonsdistrainingaSum not exceeding Ten Shillings for each Head of b attle, and Five Shillings for each Sheep so dirtrained; and in case the fane, together with all Costs and Charges, shall not be paid before the rex- Meeting of the said Commissioners afttr such impounding, the said Commiliioijers are hereby authorized and empowered, upon Proof of such Offence or Offences having been committed, and Non-payment of the Penalty or Penalties incurred, to cause the Cattle or Sheep so dirtrained, or such of them as they shall think necessary, to be sold for railing and paying the Penalty or Penalties so incurred as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges attending every such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Cattle or Sheep.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may turn or abate and stop up any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, or any private Footway or Path, Footways or Piths in, through, upon, or over any of the inclosed Lands or Grounds within Wheatley aforesaid, where they shall judge it requisite or expedient, whereof such Notice shall be given of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Objections as is in the said recited Act directed and required in the Cafe of setting out Roads, and observing the Directions of the said recited Act as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace previous thereto, and subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions in such Manner and under such Regulations as in the said recited Act

is mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons having any Estate or Estates within Wheatley aforesaid, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to sell and dispose of his, her, or their respective Estates, Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in or upon any of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed separate and apart from the Property in Right of which such Person or Persons is, are, or shall be respectively entitled to such Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Pastures or Grass Lands, Part of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directec to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall from and after the passing of this Act, and before the {taking out of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, be ploughed, broke up, or converted into Tillage or Garden Ground; and that every Proprietor, Occupier, or Tenant *ho shall so plough, break up, or convert into Tillage or Garden Ground any such Pasture or Grass! Laud, shall forfeit and pay for every Acre of such Pasture or Grass Land

so

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 150. 3&5

so ploughed, broke up, or converted into Tillage or Garden Ground any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and lb in Proportion lor a greater or less Quantity than an Acre, to be recovered by any Person or Persons who shall inform and prosecute for the fame, in Manner prescribed by the said recited Act touching the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, together with reasonable Costs.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Sui»factioa Commissioners, and they are hereby required to settle and ascertain what for C10?*-Recompence shall be made or paid to the respective Occupiers, whether Owners or not, of any of the said Open Arable Lands, for the Value of any Crop or Crops, or for any Clover or other Layer of artificial Grass growing on any of the said Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged in pursuance of or by virtue of this or the said recited Act, or for any Tillage, Manure, or Preparation for a Crop or Crops on any of the said Lands and Grounds respectively allotted, on which such Crop or Crops, or Layer of yrificial Grass shall be growing, or wherein such Tillage, Manure, or Preparation shall be made or laid as aforesaid, and by Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf to order the Payment of such Recompence and Satisfaction to be made as they shall deem reasonable, by the Person or Persons who shall have the Benefit of such Crop or Crops or Layer of artificial Grass, or such Tillage, Manure, or Prepa ation; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay or make such Recompence or Satisfaction accordingly within the Space of Fourteen Days after the same shall have been ordered and demanded, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whoml'oever, to cause the same to be levied by Distiefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay or make such Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (it any) upon Demand to such Person or Persons respectively, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making every such Distress and Sale; and in case such Distress cannot be taken as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person authorized by them lor that Purpose, to enter into and upon such Lands as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, and receive the Rents, llfues, and Profits thereof respectively, until thereby and therewith or otherwise the lull Amount of such Recompence and Satisfaction, and all Costs, Charges, and Expence* occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and receiving the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises, shall be respectively fully paid and satisfied $ which Sum or Sums of Money so to be levied, received, or raised shall, after discharging such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, be applied in making such Recompence and Satisfaction to the Person or Persons to whom it shall belong as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Proprietor, Occupier or Occupiers, or such other Person or Persons as the Case may be.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment* and may and they are hereby required, before any other Allotment is for Material* made in pursuance of this Act, to set out and appoint one or more Piece to rePair or Pieces, Parcel or Parcels of Land or Ground, Part or Parts of the Roads»&c-Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and incioled [Ltc. if Per.] 34 E in

J0S4- "'49" GEORGII III. Cap. i$o.

irv TVheatlsy aforesaid, in such convenient Place or Places as they f/iall. think proper, for getting Stone, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing-the Roads and Highways within Wheatley aforesaid, and for the Use of the Proprietors and Owners of Estates within Wheatley aforesaid, according to their respective Rights and Privileges (if any such they have); and such Parcels of Land shall be vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors . of Highways of Wheatley aforesaid, for the Time being, upon Trull and for the Purposes in the said recited Act and in this Act mentioned.

Allotment to

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall the ^Manor and are ^ere^y authorized and required in the next Place to set

for the Right out, allot, and award unto the Lord of the Manor of Wheatley aforesaid, ol Soil. ° for and in lieu of his Right to the Soil of all Waste Lands within the said Manor, such Parts, Share, and Proportion of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the Commissioners making the same (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) shall be deemed a full Recompence and Satisfaction of and for all the Right of Soil which such Lord now hath or might or of Right ought to have had in such Waste Lands, if this Act had not been made.

Allotments to be made for Glebe and Common Rights.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and appoint unto and foT the said Gilbert "Jackson, his Heirs and Assigns, in lieu of his Glebe Lands within Wheatley aforesaid and Right of Common to him belonging, such Plot or Plots, Parcels or Quantities of the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent and Compensation to the said Gilbert Jackson, his Heirs and Assigns, for such Glebe Lands and Right of Common.

Allotments in

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall lieu of Great and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out and allot unto and Small and for the said Gilbert Jackson, his Heirs and Assigns, as Impropriator

1 ythes. as aforesai£]) and the said Lord Bishop of Oxford and his Successors, for

and in lieu of their several and respective impropriate and Vicarial Tythes herein-before mentioned, yearly issuing, arising, or renewing out of all and every the tytheable Parts of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Land hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and for and in lieu of the Tythes of such Homelteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds within Wheatley aforesaid, as are fub-jefl to Tythes, such Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, and Commonable Land, as (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) shall contain or be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of the Arable Lands (including the Sward, Balks, and Heads of and intermixed with the said Arable Lands), and to One-ninth Part of all Meadow, Pasture, or Green-sward Ground within or adjoining to Wheatley aforesaid, which are subject to the Payment of Tythes (after deducting the Land or Ground set out for the Roads, and the Allotments herein-before directed to be set out as aforesaid) j all which Plots or Allotments Hull be in full Satisfaction and discharge of and for the said several and respective Great and 1 ' ' * Small

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i so.

Small Tythes issuing, arising, and renewing from and out of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Land, and out of the said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds within Wheatley aforesaid (Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees only excepted).

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as F'on as conveniently may be after the said Plot or Plots, Allotment or Allotments shall have been so set out and allotted to and f r the said Gilbert Jackfoti, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Lard Bilhap of Oxford and his Successors as aforesaid, for and in lieu of their several Great and Small Tythes respectively as herein-before mentioned, they the Lid Comm flioners shall and they are hereby required to subdivide;. a(Ti;'n, and allot the said Plots or Allotments l ift mentioned unto and between the said Gilbert Jackfoti, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Lord Bishop of Oxford* and his Successors as aforesaid, in proportion to their several and respective Rights and Iaterefts in the Tythes in lieu whereof the said Plots or Allotments are hereby before directed to be awarded and made, and in proportion to the Value of such Great and Small Tythes respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds so to be set out, allotted, and awarded for and in lieu of and as a Compensation and Satisfaction for such Great and Small Tythes respectively as aforesaid shall be limited, settled, and assured to, for, and upon such and the fame Estates, Uses, Limitations, Intents, and Purposes as such Great and Small Tythes reflectively shall Hand limited, settled, and assured, and be subject and liable to at the Time of making such Allotments respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That all such of the said Lands and Grounds as shall have been tilled or ploughed at any Time within Twenty Years last, shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and be taken to be Arable Land.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case there are any other Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or ancient Inclosures within Wheatley aforesaid, which are tytheable as aforesaid, the respective Proprietors whereof shall not be entitled to Lands or Property in the Lands or Grounds so directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, tqual to the Value of One-fifth Part of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or ancient Inclosures as are Arable, and of One-ninth Parr of the Residue rhereot, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowe e.i to ter out for the said Gilbert Jackson, his Heirs and Atfigns, as Impropriator as aforesaid, and the said Lord Bishop of Oxford and his Succebors, such Parcel or Parcels of the said Lands and Ground hereby directed ro. be divided and inclosed, as shall be equal to One-fifth Part of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or ancient Inclosures as are Arable, and to One-ninth Part of the Residue thereof; and the said Proprietors of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or ancient inclosures, shall pav or cause to be paid unto such Person or Persons, and; at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, such Sum and Sums of

Money

3°55-

Subdivision ta.be made.

Allotments

set out for Tythes, to be settled to the same Uses,

Deehnnp whir shall be Arable Lards.

Proprietors not having Open Field Land to com* pensate for Tythes to pay the Value thereof towards Lx-pences.

3056

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

Money as the said Commissioners shall deem and adjudge to be a full Recompence and Satisfaction for the Land herein-before directed to be let out and allotted, in lieu of the Tythes of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or ancient Inclosures respectively; which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied towards or in part Discharge and Satisfaction of the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining ancF passing of this Act and carrying the fame into Execution; and in case any Person or Persons liable to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioners for Payment thereof, to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, then and in such. Cafe the said Sum and Sums of Money shall be raised, levied, and recovered, together with the Costs and Charges of raising, levying, and recovering the fame, in such and the same Manner as the other Expences of this Act are to be raised, levied, and recovered: Provided always, that in case any Surplus shall remain after such Charges and Expences shall have been paid as aforesaid, then such Surplus shall be divided and apportioned between the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, in such Shares as shall be in proportion to their respective Property therein, in case they shall be seised of their Lands in Fee Simple; and the Shares of such other Proprietors in the said Lands shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act in Cases where any Money is directed to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Gilbert Jackson, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Lord Bishop of Oxford and his Successors, until such Award as is herein-after mentioned shall be made and executed by the said Commissioners, shall respectively have and receive of and from the Occupiers of the Lands and Hereditaments within Wheatley aforesaid, now chargeable to them respectively with the Payment of any Tythes, a full, rateable, and propottionable Share of all such Tythe as shall be then arising or growing due, down to such Time as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, or the full Value thereof in Money, which Money the said Commissioners are hereby directed to settle and ascertain: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that when and so soon as such Tythes, or the Value thereof in Money, shall cease to be due and payable, the said Lord Bishop of Oxford and his Successors shall be exonerated and discharged from the Claim or Custom of keeping a Bull at Wheatley aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allot-thr Tythe ments to be set out, allotted, and awarded unto and for the said Gilbert Allotment*. Jackson, his Heirs and Assigns, as Impropriator as aforesaid, by virtue

and in pursuance of this Act, shall be near or adjoining to the Farm-house and Homcitail of the said Gilbert Jackson at Wheatley aforesaid j. and that the Allotment or Allotments to be set out, allotted, and awarded unto and for the said Lord Bishop of Oxford and his Successors as aforesaid, shall adjoin or lie as near as conveniently may be to Cuddefdon aforesaid.

Tythes to be paid to such Time as Commifliopers shall appoint.

49° GEORGII III. Gap. 15c. '3&#7

XXX. And be it further enacted, That tire Arid Comtnifnohcfs (Bill Allotments

and they are hereby authorized and required in the next Place to set prof^‘ out, divide, and allot the Remainder of all the said Open and Cora- ’rs'

nion Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst thfe

several Persons, bodies Politick or Corporate, O vners, Proprietdts, and Persons inter died therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportion^, and in such Places as by the said Commissioners shall be atijudgfefl and determined to be a fair, just, and teafouable Satisfaction add Cofo-pensation for then several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests whatsoever in, to, and ovet the same.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority Commission-aforesaid, That nothing in this Act or the said recited Act contained shall er» »ot to extend or be construed to extend to give the said Commissioners or any of of the them Power to divide, allot, or inclose any Part Of a certain Piece Or Parcel common, of Land, containing Twenty Acres or thereabouts, commonly called The Cottagers Common, and which was formerly allotted by the said Decree in

His Majesty's Court of Exchequer for the Use of the Cottagers and poor Inhabitants of Wheatley aforesaid. in lieu of their Rights and Interests In and over the said Forest called Shot over, in the County of Oxford,

XXXII. And be it furtfrr enacted, That when and so fobn as the said obleaion* t« Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Shares, Rights, and Allotment* Interests of the said Proprietors in the Lands and Grounds to.be inclosed to be deter-by virtue of this Act, and also the respective Shares and Propbrtions by ned by them proposed to he allotted to such Proprietors respectively in lieu el.gmm *°IV. thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice in manner afore-

faiu ot some convenient lime and Place when and where all Proprietors and Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan whereon the same shall be set out and delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule so far as the fame relates to such Proprietors respectively; and in regard that some Persons may upon Perulal of the said Schedule and Inspection of such Map or Plan be diflatisfled with their intended Allotments, the said Commissiotters shall give Notice of One Meeting at the lead to be btld! by them for receiving Complaints and Objections against such intended Allotments, and for hearing and dete mining all such Complaints and Gbjeflions, and their Dec rmittation in the Premises bein reduced into Writing and signed by them, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties.

XXXIII. And be it furher enacted, That the Parcel or Parcels of pcne;n Land which shall or may.be set out and allotted for Road Materials, Allotment* the several Allotments for Glebe Lands and Common Rights to the for Material* said Impropriator belonging, and the several Allotments to be set out and the Glebe and allotted by virtue of this Act to and for the respective Tythe Pro. Alfotnwnt* prieto s in lieu of their Tythes, shall be inclosed round with Quickset " ' ° 'in 5 Hedges and Ditches, and substuntial Pnfts and Rails on each Side thereof,

or other proper Mnilbdfc or Fences, according to the Custom of the Country, with good and substantial Gates an 1 Stiles in the said Fences where necessary, and the same shall be thereafter supported and maintained [Ltc. &Per.') 34 F for

3058 49° GEORGII IH. Cap. 150.

for the Term of Seven Years, or until the Quicksets shall have become sufficient Fences or themselves, by or at the Expence of all or such of the other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within Wheatley aforesaid, in such Manner and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing under their Hands or by their Award order and direct; and such Proportions of the said Fences as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, shall be for ever thereafter maintained and kept in Repair by the said respective Tythe Owners as the said Commissioners shall likewise by their Award order and direct; and the Fences of the Lands and Grounds to be set out for Road Materials shall afterwards be supported and maintained for ever by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and the said several other Allotments for the said Lands and Grounds, after the I ivision thereof, shall within Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Execution of the said Award, be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced at the proper Costs and Charges of the respective Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted, in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order and direct: Provided always, that convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in all the Fences to be made by virtue of this Act for the Space of Six Calendar Months next ensuing the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage ot Cattle, Carts, and Carriages in and through the fame, unless the said Commissioners shall by their Award or other Instrument in Writing under their Hands order that the fame be sooner fenced in and made up.

EicliangM

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

may be m.de. said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within Wheatley aforesaid, in lieu of and Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within Wheatley or the Parish of Cuddcjhm aforesaid, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodi s Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or asking for any such Owners or Proprietors as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Feme Coverts, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corpor.te or Col egiate, and und.r the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively, and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges (o to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or any Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent,

testified

3©59

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i$o.

testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which the Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it farther enabled. That all Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing the Exchanges, Divisions, and Partitions, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges, Divisions, or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Lease and Leases at Rack Rent fubhlting of all or any Part of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments intended to be inclosed or discharged of Tythes or of the Tythes thereof, or of any Part thereof, either alone or jointly with any other Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, and all other Agreements at Rack Rent for any Term or Time therein, shall as to the Whole of such Tenements comprilrd in such Lease or Leases, or Agreements affected by this Act, at such Time and Times as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, cease, determine, and be utterly void, and the respective Lessees or Tenants thereof shall have and receive of the respective Owners and Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain as reasonable to be paid or allowed to such Lefiee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants in that Behalf, and the respective Lessors or Landlords shall be entitled to such Rent or Rents and Privileges up to the Time of vacating such Leases or Agreements respectively, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint to be paid to or given them by such Lessees or Tenants respectively, for or with respect to such Lands, Grounds, Tythes, or Hereditaments: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands Part of which shall lie in Wheatley aforesaid, and Part in any adjoining Parish or Place, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now fuhfifting may be vacated; but where any Lands shall have been taken in exchange which Land shall be under l ease and wholly fnuate in an adjoining Parish or Place, the Lease of such last-mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to set aside or make void any beneficial Le fe or l.eases from any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Persons whomsoever of any Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments in Wheatley aforesaid to any Person or Persons whomsoever, but the Person or Perto s entitled to such beneficial Lease or Leases shall and may hold and enjoy his, her, and their several and respective Allotments of such Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments for his, her, and their several and respective Terms, and under the fame Rents and Covenants as is or are specified in his, her, or their respective Leases to him, her, or them respectively from the same Bodies Politick or Corporate or other Persons.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons hath or have fold, or contracted or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time befote the said Commissioners shall have executed

their

Eipences of Exchange! how to be paid.

Leases at Rack Rent to be void.

Not to ricate beneficial Leases from Bodies Politick or Corporate.

Persons felling Rights before the Execution sf the Award,

3060

Commissioners to allot to the purchasers.

Expencet

the Act.

49° GEORG 11 111. Cap. 153.

their Award, fell or confrad or agree to fell his, her, or their Right or Iflterefl o Property in, over, or upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to make an Allotment or Allotments of Land unto the Vendee or Vendees, Purchaser or Purchasers in such hales, Contracts. or Agreements respectively, and to his, her, or their respective Heiis, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and in respect of such Right or Rights, lutertft or Interests, and Property so fold and contra£b*d and agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee and Purchaser, and his and her Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them respectively as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor or Vendors in every such Sale, Contract or Agreement, niight,..couid, or of right ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Inlet eft, or Property had been veiled., in such Vendor or Vendors respectively at the Time of making the said Award as aforesaid, but subject nevertheless to all Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to the Charges and Expences of the Lid Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, and also to the Tythesdue or to become due in respect of the same.

X1XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of the surveying, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized to be divided and allotted, and the preparing and enrolling of the Award or Instrument of the said Commissioners, and all other Writings and Instruments to be executed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and of fencing the said Allotments for Materials, Glebe and Tythes, and all other the necessary Expences in, about, and cot ceming the Execution of this Act, which are not herein otherwise directed to be borne, paid, and defraud, shall from Time to lime be borne, paid, and defrayed, by the levetal Proprietors (except the said Gilbert Jaikfon, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Lord Bishop of Oxford and his Successors as aforesaid, in respect of theii Glebe and Tythes as aforesaid) to whom the Lands and Grounds directed to be divided and inclostd lha.ll he allotted, and by such Person or Persons who shall be entitled to or possessed of such of the present Homelleads, Orchards, Gardens, inclosed Lands and Grounds, as are not possessed of any Lands or Gtounds with n the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Commons and Waflt Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, out of which any Alio ment or Allotments can be made in lieu of Tythes in the Manner before directed, or to whom the Lands or Tenements so exchanged shall belong, in proportion to their resptdive Property and Intciclts, to be settled and determined from Time to Time by the said Commissioners in such Manner, and to be paid and payable to such Person or Persons, and at such Days and Times as the said Commissioners in and by any Wrirng or Writings under their Hands, orby the said Award, shall from Time to Time other and direct; and if such Costs and Charges shall not be paid within the Time or Times by the said Commissioners to be appointed i,x Payment thereof, then and in such Case the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by tire said recited Act.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 150.

XL. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act or ol this Act, or any Part thereof, but that etch and every Proprietor shall (land and be seised of the several Lands and Grounds to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as af'oreftdd, to such and the same Uses, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rems, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments whereof such Proprietor was seised or pofftffed at or immediately before the signing and sealing of the said Award, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made would have been subject to, charged with, or aflected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be allotted by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall hold their Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments by different Tenures, or for different Estates, or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall, upon the Requell of such respeebiveProprietors in Writing under their Hands, ascertain and distinguish the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments held by each of such Tenures for each of such Estates respectively, and shall accordingly in their Award let out and distinguish distinstand several Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments; and where from the want of necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall omit diferiminating, as herein-before is mentioned, such Title', different Estates and different Tenures, and within Twelve Calendar Months after the making of the said Award Request shall be made to the said Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Instrument or Instruments, then and in every such Cale the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose fftall require to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and act as if the Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they think sufficient Information, they are hereby authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to ascertain and distinguish the Difference of Tenures, Estates, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments for the fame; and every such separate Instrument, alter having been duly executed by the said Commissioners, shall have the fame Effect as if it was contained in the said Award, and shall be delivered unto the Person or Persons upon whole Request the said Omission shall have been supplied, or the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in question shall in the Opinion of the said Commissioners moll properly belong for the Time; and all Expenses which shall be reasonably incurred in and about any such Supplementary Instrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

34 G

3061

Tin’s Act not

to effect Wills, fee. '

Supplements! Instrument may be executed by the Commissioners for supplying Omiffi ua in certain Cafe.

[Loc. £sf Per.]

3°62

Slieep not to be kept on new Allotments for a certain Period.

Interest to be paid for Money advanced. J

Award to be deposited.

Accounts to be laid before Two Justices.

Appeal to

Quarter Sessions.

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, for the Space of Five Years next after the Execution of the said Award, to keep or departure any Sheep or Lambs in or upon any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, unless the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall at his or their own Expence effectually and sufficiently fence off or guard and keep properly fenced off and guarded the Ouickfet Hedges or other live Fences of the Proprietor or Proprietors whose Allotment or Allotments may adjoin to the Inclosures where such Sheep or Lambs shall be so kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quickset Hedge?.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Proprietors, or any other Person shall advance any Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, or for carrying the fame into Execution, every such Proprietor and other Person shall be repaid the fame with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum out of the First Monies that shall be raised for defraying such Expence by virtue of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, when enrolled in manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited in a Tin Box, and shall be kept in the Chapel of Wheatley aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in every Year during the Execution of this Act, (such Year to be computed lrom the Day of parting thereof), the said Commissioners (half and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all such Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the E:.ecution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thtrcio, shall be by them laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons or any Parish, Township, or Precincts, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case, (except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be tried, settled, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where any of the Clauses or Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act shall express that the same shall be final and conclusive), he, she, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Oxford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Person or Persons giving Fourteen Days previous Notice to the said Commissioners of his, her, or their Intention to appeal j and the Justices in such General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and requi* red to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such

3o63

49° GEORGII III. Cap. iso.

such Order therein, and award such Colts as to them in their Discretion shall feern reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colts which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, alter deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to and upon all the Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XLVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and inre-spedt of such Rights and Intereffs as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them) all such Right, Title, and inte-relt as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in, to and out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclostd, in case this Act had not been made.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof lb printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

General

Saving.

Act be priate"*

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGE6IMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 151,

An Act for inclosing Lands in trhe Parish of Hayes, in the County of Middlesex; and for extinguishing the Tythes in the said Parish.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS there are in the Parish of Hayes, and Precind of Norwood, in the County of Middlesex, several Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, Two thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and also several inclosed Lands and Grounds: And whereas the Right Honourable George Earl of Jersey is Lord of the Manors of Hejfe, otherwise Hayes, Norwood, and Southall; and the Reverend Lascelles Iretnonger is Lord of the Manor of Heading, all within the said Parish of Hayes: And whereas the Reverend Elias Taylor Cleric, is the Red or of the Rectory of Hayes aforesaid, and as i'uch is entitled to all the Great and Small Tythes arising within the said Parish; and the Reverend John Neville Freeman is Vicar of the Vicarage of Hayes aforesaid; and the Reverend Anthony Hinton is the Curate of the Curacy of Norwood in the same Parish: And whereas Edmund Hill Esquire, is Patron of the said Rectory and Vicarage of Hayes, and of the said Curacy of Norwood , and the said Edmund Hill is also Lessee of all the Great and Small Tythes arising within the same Parish for Three Lives now in being, under a Lease granted to him by the said Rector; and the said Vicar for the Time being is entitled to a pecuniary Stipend of Sixty Pounds a Year, and the said Curate for the Time being in entitled to a pecuniary ^Stipend of Forty Pounds a Year respectively, payable by the said Red or £ Lte. Isf PerJ] 34II or

3066

Commission-cr6 appointed.

Power to appoint new Commissioneri.

49° GEORG If III. Cap. 151.

or his LefTce; and the said Curate for the Time being is also entitled to certain Glebe Lands in the said Parish: And whereas the said George Earl of Jersey, Edmund Hill, Lafcellss Iremonger, and divers other Persons, are Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in the said Open and Common Fields; and the Lands and Grounds of the said several Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and difpeifed. and are otherwise inconveniently situate; and the Proprietors of all the fail Open and Comhibn Fields, Pastures, Commons, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are desirous that the fame should be divided and allotted unto and among them proportionably, and according to the Value of their respective Estates, Rights, and Interefh therein; and that such Allotment should be inclosed, and held in Severalty; and also that, in conn !er tion ot an adequate Compensation, all the Lands and Tenements in the said Parish, as well open as inclosed, should be discharged from Tythes; but the several beneficial Purposts aforesaid cannot be eHefted without tlse Aid of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s niofl bxceilent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ash mbled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Trumper of TLireJiclJ, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, Thomas Chapman of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, Gentleman, and Richard Richardson of Lincoln’s Inn Fields, in the County of Middlesex. Land Surveyor, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for letting out, dividing, and allotting all the said Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Waflcs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and for putting this Act into Execution, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations as are herein-after contained; and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Ii tries, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and jVovinons contained in an Act. passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reigribf His present Majesty, imitulea. An Act for con-fqlidating in one Act certain Provisoru ifitolly iiijerled in Acts of Ir.closure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the puffing of such Acts, as are not comrouled by, or repugnant to any of thq Gaults,. Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act. r.;L Liu; ,7 amwmoS rib" i •-..tm, •

K. And be it further enacted, That if»the said John Trumper shall die, or pefuj'e to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner, in the Execution of this Act, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Traits hereby rrposed in the said Commissioners, shall be fully executed and pert'orpned, it shall be lawful for the said Gftrge Earl of Jersey, or the Loid or Lords of the several M nors of Ifeffe-, otherwise Hayes, itortucodf, and Southall aforesaid, lor the Time being, by Wi ning under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate and appoint one-dther fit and proper Pefferr, not intftejtfid in the Premries, to be a Comnlifliorter, ir the Place; of tire said John Trumper; and if any Commissioner or Chmnti meVs, whtvfhtll be.appointed in the Place of the said John Ti temper, fh 1’ die, refuse to nth or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, fuc h future Vacancies shall be filled up in like Manner by the said G«irgt#’Earl of Jersey . or the Lord or Lords of the fame'Manors for the Tims being; and it the said Thomas Chapman shall die, or refuse to act, or become, incapable c:r acting fis a Comntliioner in the Execution of this Act, before all-the Powers, Authorities, and Trulls hereby repoftd in the said Commissioners,' Stall he fully executed-and performed, it shall be lawful for the fai'd Edtduttd Hill, hft 4 ... Heirs

3067

i

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

Heirs and Assigns, by Writing under his Hand, to nominate and appoint one other fit and pro| er Person, not interested in the PremTes, to be a Commissioner in the Place of the said Thomas Chapman; and if any Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be appointed in the Place of the said 1 bonus Chapman, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, such future Vacancies shall be filled up in like Manner, by the said Edmund Hill, his Heirs and Assigns; and if the said Richard Richardson shall die, or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts aforesaid, shall be fully executed and performed, it shall and may be lawful, for the Majority in Value of the Proprietors, of Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, (except the Lord or Lords of the said Manors of Hejfe, otherwise Hayes, Norwood, and Southall, and the said Edmund Hill, his Heirs or Assigns), or their respective Agents or Attornies present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, by Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint one other fit and proper Person, not interested in the Premises, > be a Commissioner in the Place of the said Richard Richardson, provided that Twenty Days Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meetii g, shall be given by Two or more of the said Proprietors, in like Mann as herein-atter is directed with respect to the Meetings of the said Commissioners; and that such Meetii " *' * ’’ " n c T' c

any Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be appointed in the Place of the said Richard Richardson shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, such future Vacancies shall, in like Manner, be filled up by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, (except the Lord or Lords of the said Manors of Hejfe, otherwise Hayes, Norwood, and Southall, for the Time being, and the said Edmund Hill, his Heirs and Assigns); and if any Commissioner shall neglect to attend Three successive Meetings of the said Commissioners, unless prevented by Sickness, Xuch Neglect shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act in the Execution of this Act; and if any of such Vacancies in the Commission aforesaid,

shall not be filled up in the Manner herein-before directed, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the same shall respectively happen, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner for the Time being, by Writing under their respective Hands, or his Hand to nominate and appoint one other fit and proper Person not . interested in the Premises, to be a Commissioner for supplying such Vacancy, and lb from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion; and evtry 1 erlon who shall be nominated and appointed a Commissioner iauManner aforesaid. shall have the like Powers and Authorities in the Execution of this Act, as if he had been appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two of Commission. the Commissioners of this Act, for the Time being, to do, execute, and ers may aA. perform any and every Act, Matter, and Thing, by this Act difefted or expressed to be done, executed, and performed by the said Commissioners, as 'ully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the faitj Com-inissioners had concurred therein.

said, or within the Distance

TV. And

3068

Surveyor

appointed.

Surveyor’a

Oath.

Commissioners Meetings.

•Comruffion-

ert to determine Differences.

49' GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Hogg of Ruff el Street, Bloomsbury., in the County of Middlesex, Land Surveyor, shall be the Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act, for and during the Will and Pleasure of the Commissioners •, and on his Death or Removal, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint one or more fit and proper Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to be Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purposes of this Act, for and during the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners and on any future Vacancy, in like Manner, to appoint some other Surveyor or Surveyors, and so from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion *, and every such Surveyor shall, at the first Meeting of the said Commissioners after his Appointment, take and subscribe an Oath in the Form herein-after set forth.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Surveyor in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form following; videlicet,

* T Do sincerely promise and swear, That I will aft in the Execution of the

* -*■ Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as Surveyor, by virtue 6 of an Act: passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Acf\, truly, impar-‘ tially, and honestly, according to the bed of my Skill, Judgement, and ‘ Ability, without Favour or Affeftiou, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.'

And any one of the Commissioners is hereby authorised to administer the said Oath to the said Surveyor; and the Oath so taken and subscribed by each Surveyor, shall be enrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to cause a Notice in Writing, under their Hands, specifying the Time and Place of their first Meeting for executing this Act, to be affixed on the principal Door of each of the Churches of Hayes and Norwood aforesaid, on some Sunday before Divine Service, Fourteen Days at Icaft before such Meeting; and also to cause the like Notice to be given of every such subsequent Meeting, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to adjourn their Meetings from Time to Time, a6 they shall see Occasion for the Execution of this Act; and if only one Commissioner shall be present at any Meeting, it shall be lawful for him to adjourn such Meeting from Time to Time, until Two or more Commissioners shall be present; the Commissioner making such Adjournment is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the absent Commissioners j and all the Meetings of the said Commissioners shall be held at some Place within •the Pair/h of Hayes aforesaid, or within the Distance of Eight Miles therefrom.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall happen to arise between the Parties that now are, or shall, before the making of the Award herein-after mentioned, be interested in the said ■intended Division and Inclosure, or any of them, touching or concerning

the

40* GEORGII III. Cap. 151. 3069

the respective Shires or Proportions which they, or any of them, shall claim in the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and incloi'ed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the respective. Shares and Proportion which they, or any of them, ought to have, of or in the said intended Division and inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the same.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained snail authorize But not Title* the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, p° lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

IX. Provided also. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties; but in case the said Commis-fiofters shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been taken from such Person or Persons by Ejeft-ment, or other due Course of Law.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, May award upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection Coll,‘

or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect, or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, {if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Power to try, Persons making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments in- disputed tended to be divided or affected by this Act, or any Rights or Interests at therein, or objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be diflatified with the Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be deflrous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests respectively tried at Law; and the Person or Persons, so deiirous of having the fame tried at Law, shall by themselves, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies. or Agents, give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners, or any of them, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commissioners, (of which Notice the said Commissioners are hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to - [hoc. & Per.J 34/ give

3G7°

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 151.

give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents as aforesaid); then, but not afterwards, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, giving such Notice as aforesaid, then- respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law of the fame in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster> by the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid against any Person or Persons interested in the said Division, who shall make such Objection or Objections within Three Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file common Bail, or appear and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined; such Issue or Ilfues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, if the Parties differ about the fame; and if at the Trial of any such Issue or Issues it shall appear that the Party claiming is entitled to any qualified or lei's Right or Rights or Interests than was or were claimed by such Party, then it shall and may he lawful for the Jury by whom such Issue or Issues shall be tried, to find and declare the fame by their Verdict, which shall be indorsed on the Policy in Addition to the Verdict given on the Issue or Issues joined; but nevertheless, the Costs of such Action or Actions shall abide and be determined by the Verdict given upon the Issue or Issues joined, as if no special Finding had been made; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions upon the Issue or Issues therein joined, in case there shall be no such special Finding and Indorsement, or such special Finding and Indorsement, if any such shall be made, shall be binding and conclusive upon and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unlel's the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall let aside such Verdict or Verdicts, or Finding and Indorsement, and order a new Trial or Trials to be had thereupon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cases; and after any Verdict or Verdicts or special Finding or Indorsement shall have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to conform thereto; but if no such Action or Actions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons giving such Notice within the Time aforesaid, or if such Action or Actions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials within Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice, by or on Account of the Neglect or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in such Case the Determination of the Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive, unto and upon all Parties whomsoever: Provided, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time hereinbefore limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded: Actions not Provided also, that if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in to abate by pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate 'he Pardes°f reaf°n thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had te ar ns. y,appene[j. and the Executors and Administrators of the Deceased shall Jbc

liable

3°7*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

liable to the Colts thereof, as if such Action had been tried and Judgement given therein in the Lifetime of their Testator or Intestate; but so nevertheless as not to affect any Payment made before such Judgement shall be signed, or to make any Executor or Administrator liable to be charged ■with a Devaitavit by real'on thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Incroachments Incroacli-which shall have been taken in and made from the said Lands and Grounds menu, except hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, (save and except such as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for the Space of Twenty Years last years, to be palt or upwards, without any Interruption or Payment of any Acknow- deemed Part iedgement), shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Lands and Grounds, of ^he I-andB so to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid; and in case any Difference or tJ e m e Dispute shall arise touching any such Inclosures or Incroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the said Lands and Grounds so to be divided and inclosed, such Differences or Disputes shall be examined into and determined by the said Commissioners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Commission-may scour out and widen all such Brooks, Streams, Ditches, Watercourses, ers *y k°m Tunnels, and Bridges, within the said Parish of Hayes, and also shall and 100 s’ may set out, order, and direct such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Ditches, &c. Tunnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges, to be made of such Depth

and Breadth, and in such Situation and Direction, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, as well in, through, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as also in, through, and over any ancient Inclosnres or other Lands or Grounds within the said Parish of Hayes, or any Part or Parts thereof,

(making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures, or other Lands and Grounds not hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, for the Damage done thereby, as the said Commissioners shall judge reasonable), and the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby directed in and by their Award to order and direct by whom, and at whose Expence, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the said Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges, shall be thereafter repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained; provided always, that no such Brook or Stream shall be diverted or turned without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such old inclosed Lands and Grounds from which any such Brook or Stream shall be diverted, or into which any such Brook or Stream shall be turned.

XIV. And, for preventing all Disputes and Differences touching the Commission-Repairs of the public Highways and Roads which shall be set out ers to deter-and appointed in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, be it further lne to what enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby autho- Roa^sbe-rifed and required to determine and adjudge what Part or Parts of iong. c the said Highways and Roads, so to he set out and appointed, shall

or do belong to any Townships or Districts respectively within the said Parish; and the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award, order and direct by what Townships or Districts respectively within the said Parish, such Highways and Roads shall be amended and kept in Repair; and the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being in each of such

Townships

3°7 2

Commissioners to set out Gravel Pits and Mortar Pits, and how to be enjoyed.

Hew the Lands are to be allotted.

Allotments of Residue,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 15!.

Townships or Diflrids respectively, shall from and after the Execution of the said Award maintain, amend, and keep such respective public Highways and Roads in Repair, as shall be so determined and adjudged to belong to such Townships or Diflrids respectively, in the same Manner as other Highways in the fame Townships or Diflrids are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall set out, appoint, and allot such and so many Gravel Pits and Loam Pits and Ponds for watering Cattle or washing Sheep, as they shall think necessary for tl'.e Use and Benefit of the Proprietors and Occupiers of the several Allotments which shall be set out in pursuance of this Act, and of all the Lands and Tenements in respect of which any such Allotment shall be made, to be used in or upon such Allotments, Lands, and Tenements respectively, or for malting and repairing the public Highways and Roads to be set out in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, but not for Sale or for any other Use or Purpose; and the said Commissioners shall by their Award, order and direct how and in what Manner the same shall be respectively worked or used for the general Advantage of the respective Persons interested therein.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to divide, set out, and allot all the Residue of the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds directed or intended to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act in Manner following, that is to say, the said Commissioners shall set out and allot unto and for the Lord or Lords of the several Manors of HeJJe, otherwise Hayes, Norwood, Southall, and Tending respectively, such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall_ in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equivalent to One Sixteenth Part of the Waste Lands within the said Manors respectively, as a Compensation for the Rights and Interest of the Lord and Lords of the said Manors respectively, in and to the Soil of all the Waste Lands within the said respective Manors hereby directed to be divided and allotted; and the said Commissioners shall set out, unto and for the Rector of the said Parish of Hayes and his Lessee, such Plot or Plots of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equivalent to One-fifth Part of all the Arable or- Tillage Lands, and One-eighth of all the Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Lands and Grounds in the same Parish, as well open as inclosed, which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tithes to the said Rector and his Lessee, or either of them, and which shall remain after the Roads and other publiGk Conver.iencies hereby directed to be set out in the same Parish shall be deduded therefrom; and the said Commissioners shall, out of the Allotment so to be made in lieu of the said Tythes, set out and allot unto or for the said Vicar of the said Parish of Hayes for the Time being, such Plot or Plots of the said Lands and Grounds as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equivalent to Sixty Pounds a Year, in Lieu and full Satisfaction of the said Stipend of Sixty Pounds a Year, payable to the said Vicar for the Time being; and shall also, out of the said Allotments, in Lieu of the said Tythes, set out and allot unto or for the said Curate of Norwood for the Time being, such Plot or Plots of the said Lands

J4 and

J°73

49° GEORG IT III. Cap. 151.

and Grounds as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equivalent to Forty Pounds a Year, in Lieu and full Satisfaction of the said Stipend of Forty Pounds a Year, payable to the said Curate of Norwood for the Time being; and lastly, the said Commissioners shall set ’out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby dire died or intended to be divided or allotted unto, for, or among the said George Earl of Jersey, and the several other Proprietors, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Person or Persons seized of their respective Edate for the Time being, and all other the Proprietors of Lands or other Hereditaments therein, except the Lords of the said Manors, Rector, Vicar, and Curate, in respect of their Rights to the Soil and Tythes before speciftcally directed to be made, in such Quantities, Parts, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a just Equivalent, Compensation, and Satisfaction for their said several Lands and other Hereditaments, in Proportion to the respective Values thereof, subject nevertheless to such particular Directions as are herein contained or referred to concerning the lame; and in setting out all such Allotments as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall have due regard to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, and Convenience thereof, and •(ball lay the same as contiguous as may be to the Messuages, Buildings, and inclosed Lands of the Proprietors to whom such Allotments shall be made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when Two or more small Allotments shall be laid together, and the respective Proprietors thereof shall by any Writing under their Hands signify their Defne to the said Com-Diissioners, that such Allotments may lie open to each other, then and in such Case the said Commissioners (unless there shall be good Cause to the contrary) shall not make or give any Orders or Directions touching the fencing such small Allotments from each other, but shall exempt and except such (mail Allotments, and the Proprietors thereof, out of and from the general Orders and Regulations touching the fencing of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, so far as such Orders or Directions shall respect the fencing such small Allotments from each other, but not so far as such Orders or Directions shall respect the fencing off the fame, or any of them, from any other Allotment or Allotments to be made under or by virtue of this Act; and the said Commissioners in their said Award shall take due Notice of all Exemptions and Exceptions.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall hold their said respective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures or for different Estates, or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall, upon the Request of such respective Proprietors in Writing under their Hands, ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of such- Tenures for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively; and shall accordingly in their said Award set out and distinguish distinct and several Allotments fur such respective Lands or other Hereditaments; and where, from the Want of the necessary Information before the said Com-jnillioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall omit diferimiaating

[Loc. Ss5 Per.] 34 K a*

Small Allotments may be laid tagetlx>r.

Separate Allotments to b» made for Lands held by different Tenures.

74-

Certain CommonabbLand to be sold to Hughes Mi-net, Esq.

49* GEORGII TIL Cap. 151.

a* herein-before is required such different Titles, different Estates, and

different Tenures; and within Twelve Calendar Months after making the said Award, Request shall be made to the said Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his, her, or their Ha:ids, to have such Omission supplied by a separate lnffrument, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying such Omission; and so far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and aft as if the Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they shall think sufficient Information, they are hereby also authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to ascertain and distinguish the Difference of Tenures, Estates, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required where such Difcriinination should be contained in the said Award, and every such separate lnffrument shall have the lame Effect as if it was contained in the said Award, and the fame fuDpIemenial Inffru-ment shall be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Requsft the said Omission shall have been supplied, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds or Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in question shall, in the Opinion of the Commissioners, most properly belong for the Time being; and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such supplemental lnffrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors or Adrni-niffrators.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That inasmuch as the Two Pieces or Parcels of Commonable Lands, called Legate or Townfield herein-after deferred, lie contiguous to a Farm and Farm-house belonging to Hughes Minet Esquire, and have always been used with the said Farm, and the depriving him of the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Commonable Land would be a great Detriment and Injury to his Farm; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to allot to the said Hughes Minet, his Heirs and Assigns, the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Commonable Land, One whereof contains Twenty-four Acres, Two Roods, and Sixteen Perches, or thereabouts, and the other contains Twenty-nine Acres or thereabouts; which said Pieces or Parcels of Commonable Land adjoin together, and are bounded on the North partly by an inclosed Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said Hughes Minet, called Long Meadow, and partly by Land belonging to yumes hVood, and on the West Side thereof by a publick Road leading from Hayes to Botwell, and on the East by a publick Road leading from Botwell into the publick Highway leading from Uxbridge to London, and on the South by other Commonable Land; and the said Hughes Minet, his Heirs or Assigns, shall, after such Allotment, pay to the said Commissioners such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Exoneration of the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Commonable Land, from ail Right of Common and other Rights of the several Proprietors of Land in the said open or common Field, other than the said Hughes Minet, his Heirs and Assigns, and the Money so to be paid shall be applied in Manner herein-after mentioned; and immediately after such Payment by the said Hughes Minet, his Heirs or Assigns as aforesaid, the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land shall cease

19

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 151. 3075

to be Commonable Land, and the said Hughes Minet, his Heirs and Assigns, without any Transfer or Conveyance thereof from the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, shall hold and enjoy the said Two several Pieces or Parcels of Land to him and them for ever, freed and abfciutely discharged of and from all Rights of Common and other Rights whatsoever, of the several other Proprietors of Land in the said Open or Common Field, and the fame shall, as to the Compensation to be made for Tythes under this Act, be taken and considered as old Inclosure.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Home- Satisfafliont* Reads, Gardens, Orchards, Honte-closes, or other inclosed Lands or le made for Tenements in the said Parish, belonging to any Proprietor or Proprietors, tljlc Jy||,rs of not entitled to Lands or other Property in the said Open and Common Fields, or other Commonable Lands hereby directed to be divided and pc,f(,n8 not allotted, equivalent to the Tythes of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, having suffi-Home-olofes, or other inclosed Lands or Tenements, the rel'peftive Pro- xiand prietors of such last-mentioned Ilomefleads, and other Lands and Tens- f0*r that Pur-ments, shall pay to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times p0fe. as the said Commissioners shall direct, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a full Recompence and Satisfaction for the Tythes of such last-mentioned Homefleads, and other Lands and Tenements respectively; which Sum or Sums of Money, as also the Sum or Sums to be paid by the said Hughes Minet, his Heirs or Alligns as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the Charges and Expences of passing and executing this Act, or such Parts and Shares thereof, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and which said Sum ■or Sums of Money so directed to be paid as aforesaid, shall and may be raised, levied, and recovered, in like Manner and by such Ways and Means as the Expences of pailing this Act are herein-after authorized to be raised, levied, and recovered; and if any Surplus shall remain after payment of such Expences as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be divided between the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, in Proportion to their respective interests and Property therein, and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants thereof in Fee-Ample shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of such other Persons shall be paid and applied in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Forty-iirfl: Year of His present Majesty, with respect to the Money paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Compenfa-Proprietor or Proprietors of any Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Or- tion for ■chards, or old Inclosures, within the said Parish of Hayes, which are subject !jF‘*he*of o11 and liable to the Payment of Tithes to the said Rector and his Successors, b^mad'e^n or the Lessee or Leflecs of the said Tithes for the Time being, shall not Notice, from die entitled to any Allotment or Allotments out of the Lands and Grounds Proprietors to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or being entitled, such Allotment or Allotments shall not be fufBcient to make such Satis- ^We Com°-faction and Compensation as aforesaid for all the Tithes, both Great and pensation by Small, yearly issuing, arising, renewing, increasiag, or payable out of or a" Allotment from all such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old In- j closures, within the said Parish of Ilayes, belonging to such Owners and divided.0

Proprietors

3076 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

Proprietors respectively; and in case any such Person or Persons shall be desirous of making Compensation for such Tithes by a Corn-rent, to be ascertained as herein-after is directed, and shall give Notice in Writing of such his, her, or their Desire to the said Commissioners, before any Adjudication shall have been made by them in respect of such Tithes, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to calculate and ascertain the Value of all the Tithes, both Great and Small, yearly arising, issuing, and payable out of all and every such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures within the said Parish, which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tithes in Kind to the said Rector and his Successors, or the Lessee or Lessees of the said Tithes for the Time being, and for which Tithes no Satisfaction or Compensation by an Allotment in Land in Manner aforesaid has been made, and from the London Gazette, or by such other Ways and Means as they, the said Commissioners, shall think proper, to enquire and ascertain what has bean the average Price of good marketable Wheat in the County of Middlesex during the Term of Twenty-one Years immediately preceding the Twenty-ninth Day of September, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall in and by their Award ascertain and diflinitly set forth what Quantity of such Wheat will in their Judgement, according to such Average Price as aforesaid, be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of the Arable Land, and One-eighth Part of the Meadow and Pasture subject and liable to the Payment of Great and Small Tithes, and for which Tithes no Satisfaction or Compensation by an Allotment or Allotments in Land in Manner aforesaid has been made; and after such Valuation the said Commissioners are hereby required to determine what Sum or Sums of Money will be equivalent to the Value of the Quantity of Wheat so ascertained by them as aforesaid; and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so determined, shall be apportioned by the said Commissioners upon such respective Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments subject and liable to the Payment of Tithes of each and every Proprietor, according to the Average Price aforesaid, and such Sum or Sums of Money by way of a Corn-rent, when so ascertained by the said Commissioners, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the said Tithes in case this A St had not been made; and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so apportioned, shall be paid and payable by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be in the Possession or Occupation of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments out of which the said Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Corn-rent, when so apportioned, shall be issuing by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, that is to say, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the first Payment whereof shall grow due and be made on the Twenty-fifth Day of March after the Execution of the said Award, or such earlier quarterly Days of Payment as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands direct or appoint; and such Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Corn-rent, so to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall be in lieu of, and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all Tithes in Kind, both Great and Small, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries excepted) arising, renewing, in--creasing, or happening out of or from such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.\$i. $077

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and For re-ascer-for the said Rector and his Successors, or the Lessee or Lessees of the said Co"nRent "Tithes for the Time being, or the Owner or Proprietor, or the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, out of which the said several' Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent are to issue, or the greatest: Part in Value of such Owners and Proprietors, by Writing under their respective Hands, to apply at the First General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Middlesex, in the Week after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, after the Expiration of Twenty-one Years after the Execution of the said Award, or at some Adjournment thereof, (Notice of such intended Application being first given in the London Gazette, and also in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the said County of Middlesex, and also affixed on the Doors of the Church of Hayct and Chapel of Norwood, in the Month of Atlgufl next preceding), to have Three Persons named or appointed by the Justices then and there assembled, to be Referees for the Purpose of enquiring and ascertaining by or from or by means of the London Gazette, or by such other Ways or Means as they shall think equitable and proper, the Average Price of a Winchejkr Buftiel of good marketable Wheat, within the said County of Middlesex for the Twenty-one Years then lafi pad; and the said Indices shall, and they are hereby required to ’nominate and appoint Three Persons (not being intereded in the Premises) as Referees; and such Three Referees, or any Two of them shall, and they are hereby required to enquire into, and ascertain by or from or by Means of the London Gazette, or by such other Ways or Means as they shall think equitable and proper, the Average Price of a Winchester Bushel of good marketable Wheat within the said County of Middlesex, for the Twenty-one Years then lad pad; and after such Enquiry and Al'certain-■ment, shall make and deliver a Report thereof, dating such Average Price to the Court of Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the said County of Middlesex then next ensuing, or some Adjournment thereof; and in case it shall by such deport appear that such Average Price of a Bushel of such Wheat is more or lei’s than the Average Price thereof set forth in the said Award by the Value of Three-pence, then, and in such Case, such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent shall be increased or diminished in such Proportion as shall be declared by Order of the said Court, and the fame shall, from the Quarterly Day of Payment preceding such Order, remain and continue ilfuing and payable as aforesaid out of the respective Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish of Hayes, charged by the said Award with such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent, until such Sum or Sums of Money shall, at the End of Twenty* one Years then next ensuing, be again varied by such Application, and in such Manner as herein-before mentioned, and so from Time to Time at the End of every Twenty-one Years for ever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful j-or tl(, j, to and for the said Redorand his Successors, or the Lessee or Leffiees of the covery'oA'he said Tithes for the Time being, to recover the said several Sums of Money Curn'Re»t. by way of Corn Rent, when and as often as the fame or any Part thereof shall be in Arrear or remain unpaid after the respective Times herein appointed for Payment thereof, together with the Costs, Charges, and Expences of recovering thereof from the Owner or Occupier, or Owners or Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments out of which the said several Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent are to be issuing, or of [Loc. & Per.] 34 L any

3°78

Allotments a id Corn R' nts to be Bar of Tythes.

Tytlie- payable until Award of Commiilton-ers shall otherwise direct.

fencing the K ector’s Vicai’s, and Curate's Allotments.

4.9* GEORGII III. Cap. 1^1.

any Part thereof, by such Ways and Means as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm any Tithes or Rack Rents in arrear are directed to be recovered.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the fereral Allotments herein directed to be made to the said Rector and his Successors, or to the Lessee or Lessees of the said Tithes for the Time being, and the feverat Corn Rents (if any) herein directed to be issuing and payable out of such Messuages Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures, for which no Satisfaction or Compensation by an Allotment in Land in Manner aforesaid has been made, shall be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and from all 'Tithes both Great and Small, and all Modules and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever, (Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted) issuing, arising, renewing, or payable to the said Rector and his Successors, or to the Lessee or Lessees of the said Tithes for the Time being, from and out of such of the Lands and Grounds by this Act ilireded to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and out of such of the several Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures lying and being within the said Parish of Hayes, for which such Satisfaction or Coin-pensation shall have been made in Manner aforesaid.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until the Execution of (he Award to ba made by the said Commissioners, or until such other Time previous thereto, as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint, and until such Satisfaction and Compensation shall have been made as aforesaid, the said Rector and his Successors, or the Lessee or Lessees of the said Tithes for the Time being shall be entitled to, and Avail have, receive, and enjoy all their respective Tithes in such Manner as they respectively could or might have had, received, and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Plot or Plots of Land which in Manner aforesaid shall be allotted to the Rector of Hayes and his Lessee, or either of them, for their Tithes, of or belonging to the said Rectory; and also to the Curate of Norwood for his Glebe Lands, shall be inclosed and fenced round the Boundaries thereof with Ditches and Quickset Hedges, or other proper Fences, to be made in such Time and Manner, and at the Expence of such of the Proprietors of the Lands and Tenements to be exonerated from l ithes by virtue of this Act, and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall disguised; and the Allotments hereby di-reded to be made to or for the said Vicar of Hayes and Curate of Norwood respectively, in lieu of their said respective Stipends, shall be in like Manner enclosed and fenced round by or at the Expence of the said Edmund Hi/!, or the Lessee or Lessees of the said Tithes for the 'Time being; and the said Commissioners shall direct what Parts and Proportions of the said Fences shall belong to, and afterwards be kept in Repair by the said Rector and his Lessee, and the said Vicar and Curate respectively, and their respective Successors, and the other Proprietors of Allotments respectively; and the several other Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, at the Expence of the respective Proprietors to whom such Fences shall be allotted or directed to belong with Quicksets, and in such other Manner, and within such Time, as the said

Commissioners

3079

4Q° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

Commissioners shall by their said Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be (awful for the said Ea.hange*. Commissioners to set out, assign, or allot any of the Lands or Grounds

hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Messuages, Buildings, inclosed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments in the Parish of Hayes aforesaid, in Lieu of and in Exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings,

Lands, and Hereditaments in the fame, or in any adjoining Parish, so is every such Exchange be set forth and ascertained by the Award of the said Commissioners, or some Deed or Deeds executed by them at any Time before the Date of the said Award; and so also that every such Exchange be made with the Consent of the respective Proprietors or Persons seized or entitled in Possession of or to the Hereditaments so to be exchanged for any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, or for some Estate of Inheritance, or with the Consent of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors who shall at the Time of making such Exchanges be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves; and that every such Exchange of any Hereditaments belonging to the Reftoryor Vicarage of Hayes, or Curacy of Norwood aforesaid, or any other Ecclesiastical Benefice, be also made with the Consent of the Patron thereof, and the Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese within which the fame lies; and that all such Consents as aforesaid be respectively signified by Writing under the Common Seal of any Corporations aggregate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties; and every Exchange which shall be so made and declared, shall, as v eil in respect of the Hereditaments within the Parish of Hayes aforesaid, as in respect of the Hereditaments within any Parish or Township adjoining thereto, be for ever good, valid, and die dual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Fordeter-

■ Commissioners at any Time previous to the Execution of the said Award, mining Leaf.b in all Cases where they in their Discretion shall deem it necessary or expe- Rack Kent, dient for the clue Execution of this Act, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to determine and make void all or any of the Leaies, or Agreements for Leaies, at Rack Rent, or from Year to Year then subsisting, of ail or any Pait or Parts of the Lands or Grounds which are hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and which shall be exonerated from lithes, and exchanged respectively by virtue of this Act, and of all other Lands and .■Hereditaments demised, or agreed to be demised by, or comprised in such Leaies and Agreements respectively, either as to the Whole, or as to some Part or Parts only of the Hereditaments comprised in such I.eases and Agreements respectively, and at such Time or Times in the Year as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think most convenient and expedient according to the Circumstances of the Cafe; and in all Cases where any such Leaies or Agreements shall be so determined as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and declare whether any, and what Sum and Sums of Money in gross. ought to be paid, or any and u hat Deduction or Abatement in the reserved Rem or Rents ought to be made by the Leffois or Landlords, to the Lessees or Tenants, as a Compensation or Satisfaction for such total or partial Determination of their respective I cases or Agreements; and such Sums in gross and reduced Rents, so ascertained and de-13 dared

3c8o ^ GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

clareJ as aforesaid, shall respectively become payable or commence at fuel) Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners dial I direct and appoint, and all such Sums in gross shall be charged upon the hands iu respect of which the same shall be payable, and shall and may be levied and recovered in like Manner as is herein-after provided or mentioned, with respect to the levying and recovering the Expellees of passing and executing this Act; and all such reduced Rents shall, after the Commencement thereof, be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had not passed; and in all Cases where such subsisting I.eases or Agreements shall continue, as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments therein comprised, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to ascertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents ought to be paid by the Lessees or Tenants to the Lelfors or Landlords, for or ill rcTpect of arty Improvement in the annual Value of the Hereditaments comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, by reason of the fame being divided, allotted, exonerated from Tithes, and exchanged respectively by virtue of this Act; and such additional Rents so ascertained and declared as Ia(t aforesaid, shall commence at such Time or Times as the said Commissiopers shall direct and appoint, and shall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved would have been payableand recoverable if this Act had not passed; and it shall beiawful for the said CommifSpners in like Manner to settle, ascertain, and declare the Course of Hut band ry to be used by such l.effces or Tenants during the Remainder of their subsisting Leases or Agreements iu all Cases where they shall deem it ytecessary and proper so to do: Provided always, that if there shall be any such Lease or Agreement at Rack-rent of Lands, Part of which lie in the said Parish of Hayes, and Part in any adjoining Parish, all such Leases and Agreements may be determined; but where any Lands shall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands shall be under such Lease or Agreement, and wholly situate in any adjoining Parish, such last mentioned Lease or Agreement shall not be vacated: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall enable the said Commissioners to avoid the Lease by virtue whereof the Honourable Mr. Justice Heath holds certain Lands within the said Parish of John Faithful Fortescue Esquire, an Admiral in His Majesty's Navy, ur any l.eale or Agreement by virtue whereof William Walker Esquire, holds certain Lands within the said Parish of the said Edmund Hill.

Proprietors

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any may fell or Perlori or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments UieffAUoi- imder> or bY v‘rtue of: this Act, to give, grant, bargain, fell, deinriV, me,t before mortgage, limit, convey, and assure the fame, for all or any Part of his, her, the Eiecu- or their Estate or luterest therein, or Right thereto, at any Time before tion of the the Execution of the Award of the said Comniiflioiiers, and every such thrirRighf* Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demile, Mortgage, Limitation, and Convey-of Common ance and Assurance, shall be of the fame Force and Validityas if made after separ.itefrom the Execution of the said Award; andalib that it shall be lawful for any of then- other the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Rights upon the Lands and ropertj. Grounds hereby directied to be divided and inclosed, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and let out in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, i'eparate and distinct from the Estate in right of which, they, he, or Ihe are or is entitled to the fame, in the fame

Manner

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 15*. 308*

Manner as they, he, or (he might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Rights of Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered at any Common to Time or Times before the Execution of the said Award, by Notice in be (impended Writing, under their Hands to be fixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Hayes, and of the Chapel of Norwood aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, and upon the commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing, and that all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of affixing such Writing on the Doors of the said Church and Chapel cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That each of the Commissioners Commission-who shall a ft in the Execution of this Act, shall be allowed and paid the ers allaw-Sum of Three Guineas for each Day he shall actually attend and be em- ance*' ployed as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or shall necessarily

travel from Home to attend the Meetings of the Commissioners, or when returning Home after having attended such Meetings, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expences«

Expences of soliciting and passing this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, the Act. and valuing, as well the said Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons,

Wastes, and other commonable Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as the said inclosed Lands and Tenements hereby directed to be exonerated from Tythes; and of dividing and allotting the fame Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other commonable Lands and Grounds, and of forming and making the public Roads, public or common Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Watering-places for Cattle, Wells, Bridges, and other Conveniences which shall be let out by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and enrolling the said Award, and all other the Costs, Charges, and Expences of the said Commissioners, and of the several Persons employed by them, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, in, about, or concerning the Execution of this Act, and not herein otherwise directed to be paid, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed, by all the Owners of, or Persons interested in, as well the fame Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other common-able Lands and Grounds, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be respectively exonerated from Tythes, and exchanged by virtue of this Act (except the Rector of Hayes and his Leftee. in respect of the Glebe Lands and Tythes of or belonging to the said Rectory, and except rile Curate of Nonfood aforesaid, in respect of his Glebe Lands), in Proportion as near as maybe to their respective Estates and Interests (due Regard being had to the Expences occasioned by each Peri'on’s Estates, and also to the Value and Improvement thereof), and the Shares and Proportions of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences to be borne by the said respective Owners and Persons interested, shall be settled and ascertained by [Loc. & Per.'] 34 M the

3082 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

the said Commissioners, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times either before or after the Execution of the said Award as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, by Writing under their Hands, affixed on the principal Doors of the Parish Church of Hayes, and of the Chapel of Norwood aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the said Colts, Charges, and Expences, according to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and may raiseand levy the same by such Remedies, Ways, and Means, as are provided or mentioned in, and by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided always, that the Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchange or Exchanges, Partition or Partitions, by virtue of this or the said Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

- ,

Money a3-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be ad-

the vanced or lent for the I’urpose of obtaining and passing this Act shall be Act to be re- repaid, with lawful Intered, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or paid with lend the fame, his, her, or theit Executors, Administrators, or Alligns, out of the fird Monies which shall be raised for defraying the Expences of passing and executing this Act. E

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies of any of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds which shall, by virtue of this Act, be exonerated from Tythes by a Money Payment or Money Payments, who shall be under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, and for any of the said Owners and Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or lrudees for charitable Uses, or the major Part of such Trustees, respectively, to charge such Lands and Grounds with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall direct to be paid for the Exoneration thereof from Tythes, and for the Share and Shares of the Owners and Proprietors thereof of the Costs and Charges of passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution; such Costs and Charges not to exceed in the Whole the Rate of five Pounds an Acre of the Lands to be allotted, exchanged, or exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act; and for the Security of any Person who shall advance and lend the fame, to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease, or demise such Lands and Grounds in such Manner, and with and subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as are by the said Act of the Forty-fird Year of the present Reign, enacted and provided for raiding the Shares and Proportions of the Owners or Proprietors of allotted and exchanged Lands of the Costs and Expences of passing Acts of Inclosure, and carrying the fame into Execution.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required upon the , Requed of any of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds 1,0,1 be hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or of any Right or Intered

b/sale. therein^ being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or for any Number of

7 Years

Tenants for Life may charge enclosed Lands ■with Money paid in Exoneration for Tythes.

Expense* of Money paid

♦ 4-9° G EO R G11 III. Cap. 151. 3083

Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or for any other determinable Estate or Interest, or at the Request of the respective Husbands, Guardians,

Trustees, Committees, Agents, or Attornies of or for any such Owners

or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, or beyond the

Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or of the Persons acting

as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Agents, or Attornies, or of the

Trustees for any Charitable or Publick Uses, or the major Part of them respectively, to raise the Share and Proportion, or respective Shares and

Proportions of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf any such

Request shall be made of the Charges and Expences of passing this Act,

and of carrying the fame into Execution, not exceeding the Rate of Five

Pounds an Acre of the Lands to be allotted, exchanged, or exonerated

from Tythes by virtue of this Act, and such Sum and Sums as shall have been adjudged and ordered by the said Commissioners to be paid by any such Person or Persons in Cotnpensation for the Tythes of old Inclosures,

by Sale of any of the Lands or Hereditaments of such Person or Persons

so to be allotted or exonerated from Tythes as aforesaid, in the Manner and subject to the Rules prescribed by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, for the Sale of Lands-directed to be sold for the

Payment of the Expences attending the Execution of Acts of Inclosure;

provided that no more shall be fold of the Lands or other Hereditaments

of the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Behalf any such Request

shall be made than the said Commissioners shall estimate to be sufficient to

raise the Sum or Sums payable by such Person or Persons for the Purposes aforesaid, and the reasonable Expences of Sale; and if there shall be any

Surplus arising from such Sale after paying the Sums so directed to be raised, and the reasonable Expences of Sale, the same shall be applied in

the Manner herein-before directed for the Application of the Surplus of

Money paid for the Tythes of old Inclosures.

XXXVI. Provided always, That the said Commissioners shall or may oidlnclo-with the Consent of the Rector and Lefleeof the Tythes of the said Pa- furesmaybe rish of Hayes for the Time being, and of the Owners of any old Inclo- discharged sures within the said Parish, to be signified in Writing, to allot and ap- Tythes, point any of such old Inclosures to the said Rector and his Lessee, in lieu and in Uifcharge of any Great or Small Tythes payable from or out of any Lands or Hereditaments in the said Parish of Heiyes, the Property of the Owners-of such Lands so to be given in lieu of such Tythes.

XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the fe- Allotment* veral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be respectively to he of ,he allotted by virtue of this Act, shall, upon the Allotment thereof, become T0c""rtcjs and and be of the fame Tenure, and be held under the fame Rents and Ser- ?a°me°uf*s as vices as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect of which the Estates in the Allotments so made were previously held by or subject unto; and fur- heuof which ther, that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall ^J£wcre be respectively allotted and exchanged by virtue of this Act: shall, upon n"' c‘ the Allotment and Exchange thereof, respectively go and remain to the fame Persons, for the fame Estates and Interests, and to the same Uses, upon the fame Trusts, and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and be under and subject to the fame Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Conditions, Covenants, Agreements, Debts, Charges, Incumbrances, and Provisions of every Kind, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments in respect whereof die fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall

$°84

A wan? to be enrolled and •deposited.

Compensation to be made for growing Crops.

Gaps to be left for a certain Time*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

be respe&rvely allotted and exchanged, would belong or stand, or be limited to or upon, or subject unto, if such Allotment and Exchange thereof had not been made, or this Act had not been passed, except as to such Leases and Agreements at Rack Rent as shall be determined under this Act, or where any other Provisions of this Act shall be to the contrary, but such Allotments shall nevertheless be subject to such Charges and Incumbrances thereon as shall be made in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the general Award to be made by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and this Act, shall be enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex within Twelve Calendar Months after the Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, or so soon after as conveniently may be, and the said original Award, and such Plans or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Parish Church of Hayes aforesaid, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Division, which said Award and Plans, and every other Award and Instrument, to be lodged with the said Award, shall and may be inspected at all reasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice given by the Party requiring such Ini'peftion.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to ascertain, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crop or Crops growing at the Time of the said intended Division and Allotments shall be made for such Crop or Crops by •the Person or Persons to whom the Lands on which such Crop or Crops is or are growing shall be allotted, and also what Reconjpence and Satis* faction in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Ocaipier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds, to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of such Lands or Grounds allotted for the Profit anti Advantage which such Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Grounds shall be allotted, will thereby obtain, as for any Loss or Dii'advantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall or may fullain by the Loss of any Crop or Crops in or on any of the Lands a id Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and if such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be made at the Time and in Manner to be appointed by the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under theii Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, which Warrant or Warrants they are hereby authorised and empowered to grant accordingly, to cause the same to be levied by Dist-refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons required to make such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to •the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XL. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the said Fences and Inclosures for such Space of Time t ext ensuing the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, for the Passage of

Carts,

308s

49° GEORGII III. Cap. is*.

Carts, Carriages, and Cattle, as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award, dire ft and appoint.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Commission-they are hereby respectively required to keep or eause to be kept a just and ers to at* true Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which shall be raised or received, and laid out or expended by them or their Order, or for their Use, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due and owing to them for their own Trouble or Expences, and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpose; and such Accounts shall, at lead once in every Year from the passing of this Act, till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and settled by Sir William Gibbons Baronet, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose; and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, by such other fit and proper Person as shall be appointed Auditor in his Stead by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, at a Meeting to beholden in like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the Meeting of the said Proprietors, for the Purpose of appointing a Commissioner, in the Place of the said Sir William Gibbons, and such Auditor for the Time being shall from Time to Time state in Writing under his Hand the Balance of the said Accounts in such Book as aforesaid, and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Auditor; and also, that such Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and shall be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents, at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been finally settled and allowed; and in case the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall refuse or neglect so to do, the Commissioner or Commissioners and Clerk respectively so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the same the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

XEJI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall pow«rto think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in appeal, pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, or of this Act (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things as are by the said Act or this Act directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are directed to be final and conclusive), he, she, or they may appeal to any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Middlesex. within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Notice in Writing of every such Appeal, by affixing such Notice, expressing the Cause of Complaint upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Hayes, and of the Chapel of Norwood aforesaid. Fourteen Days at lead before such General or Quarter Sessions; and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions, or at any fub-sequent General or Quarter Sessions to which the said Justices shall adjourn any such Appeal, either for the Want of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, or for any other Cause which to the said Justices shall seem a [Le<r, & Per.jj 34 N—O sufficient

3085

How Notices are to be giren.

Saving Manorial Rights.

Act not to e«tend to Norwood Green.

Brooks, &c> not to be turned or altered, Jtiv

4 90 GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeals, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Colls as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Costs which lltall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parlies awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and the Order and Determination of the said Justices upon such Appeal shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Process or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Notices necessary and requisite to be given by the said Commiifiouers in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, (except such as are otherwise particularly directed by this Act,) shall be given by Advertisement in the County Chronicle, if then published; if not, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers printed and circulated in the said County of Middlifex.

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall any otherwise prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord or Lords of the Manors of ikjfe otherwise Hayes, Norwood, Southall, and Trading for the 'Lime being, of, to, or in any Royalties, Franchises, Privileges, Courts, Escheats, Forfeitures, Services, Rights, or Appurtenances whatsoever, incident or belonging to the said Manors respectively, than as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure and Allotments hereby authorized shall absolutely require; and all Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, to any Person or Persons other than the Lord or Lords of the said Manors respectively for the Time being, and now situate within the same respectively, shall continue to be deemed within the said Manors respectively, and notwithstanding having been Part of the Waste thereof shall be escheatable to the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, according to the Nature of the Tenure of the Land in respect whereof the particular Allotment shall, under this Act, be made as aforesaid, escheatable to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect or prejudice any Grants made by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors, according to the Custom of the same.

XLV. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to a certain Parcel of Waste Land called Norwood Green, in the Precinct of Norwood aforesaid, but that the same shall remain and continue open and uninclosed, and the Rights of Common and other Privileges thereon shall be held and enjoyed by the Persons entitled thereto respectively, as if this Act had not been made.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Brooks* Streams, Ditches, Watercourses, or Tunnels within the said Parish of Hayes, now running into or forming Part of the Works of the Grand t Junftien

3o87

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

Junction Canal, or of the Navigable Cut to Paddington, or either of them, shall be diverted, turned, or altered, so as to prevent the Water running through the fame from flowing into the said Canal or Cut, or some Part thereof, nor any new Bridge ordered to be made over or across the said Canal and Cut, or either of them, by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, without the Consent of the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal, under their Common Seal, and that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Commissioners to do or order, or cause to be done, any Act, Matter, or Thing which shall injure or prejudice the Navigation or Works of the said Canal and Cut, or either of them, in the said Parish of Hayes.

XLVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies SaYinS-Politic or Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land, or other Compensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intents and Purposes of the Inclosures hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by this Act), all such Estates, Rights, and Interests as they or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, and to, or in respect of the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and

others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Maxey with Deepingate, Northborough, Glinton with Pea-kirk, Etton, and Helpstone, in the County of North-

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of Maxey with Deep-ingate, Northborough, Glinton with Peak irk, Etton, and Help-stone, in the Hundred of Naffaburgh, in the Soke of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and divers Commons and Waste Grounds, to the said several Parishes or to some of them belonging: And whereas the Right Honourable Allcyne Lord Saint Helens, John Lord Henniker, the Reverend William Burslem Clerk, and Evan Foulkes Esquire, as Devisees in Trust of all the Real Estates of the most Honourable Henry late Marquis ot Exeter deceased, claim to be Lords Paramount of the said Hundred of Naffaburgh and Soke of Peterborough: And whereas the Right Honourable William Wentworth, Earl Fitzwilliam, claims to be Lord of the several Manors called Maxey with its Members, Northborough, Etton, and llelpstone, in the said County of Northampton; and the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Borough of Saint Peter other-wile Peterborough, in the said County, claim to be Lords of the Manors of Glinton with Peakirk; and the said Dean and Chapter of Peterborough also claim to be Lords of the Manor called Maxey with Northborough: And whereas the said several Persons, as Lords Paramount and Lords of the

Cap. 152

amp ton.

\Ltc. tf Per.J

laid

3°S4

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

fa id several Manors as aforesaid, do severally claim to be entitled to or interested in the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said liar! Fiiziuiilium claims to be Patron of the Rectory of Elton; and the said Dean and Chapter of Peterborough are Patrons of the Rectory of Clinton with Peakirk and of the Rectory of North borough, and are Owners of the Impropriate Rectory of Maxey with Dcepingate, and Pat rons of the Vicarage of Maxey with Drepingate; and the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of Christ’s College in the University oi Cambridge, are Impropriators of the Impropriate Rectory ot Ildpjlone, and claim to be Patrons of the Vicarage there: And whereas the Reverend Samuel Edmund Hopkin/en Clerk, is Rector of the Rectory of Etton; and the Reverend Benjamin Barnard Cleric, is Rector of the Rectory of Clinton, with Peakirk, and the Reverend William Head Clerk, is Rector of the Rectory of North-borough, and as such are respectively entitled to Parfenage Houses, Glebe Lands, and Rights of Common thereto belonging within the said Rectories respectively. and to the Great and Small Tythes arising within their respective Parishes. or the Tytheable Places of the fame; and William Lcjtus Clerk, is Vicar of the Vicarage of Maxey with Deepingate; and John Jackson Serocold Clerk, is Vicar of the Vicarage of Helpjione, and the said Vicars are as such respectively entitled to Parsonage Houses, Glebe Lands, and Rights of Common thereto belonging within their said Vicarages respectively, and to certain Tythes or Payments in lieu of Tythes aiifing within the same: And whereas the said Earl Fitzwil/iam is Lessee under the said Dean and Chapter of Peterborough, of the said impropriate Rectory of Maxey with Deepingate, and is also Lessee, under the said Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of the said Impropriate Rectory of Hdp-stone: And whereas Thomas Butcher Gentleman, is Leifee under the Right Reverend Spencer Lord Bishop of Peterborough, in Right of his Epifeopal See of certain Lands, with the Commons thereto belonging, in Peakirk and Ltton, for Lives absolute; and such Part thereof as lies in Peakirk are all free of Great'lyihes, being Part of the Possessions of the late Monastery at Peterborough: And whereas the said Earl Fitzwi/Iiam, the said Lord Bishop of Peterborough, in Right of his See, the said Dean and Chapter of Peterborough, Sir 'John Wyldbore Smith Baronet, Abel Halford Bellairs, John Moleccy, Millicent Clark, Elizabeth Wright, Benjamin Bull, Thomas Jackson, Robert lienfon, Ann Scott, John Scott, and divers other Persons, are respectively the Owners and Proprietors of the several other Messuages, Cottages, and Tenements, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, within and appurtenant to the said several Parishes: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for confdidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually infsrted in Acts ef Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas some Parts of the said Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands are intermixed, and otherwise inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof, and the said Commons and Waste Grounds yield hut little Profit, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous if the said Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, and also the said Commons and Waste Grounds, were divided and incloleJ, and specitic Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested. therein, in Proportion and according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Int.erects; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your

Majesty

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tly Authority of the same, That Edward Hare of Cajlor in the County of b >rthampton, William Cujlance of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge, and Charles Berkeley of Biggen in the Parish of Oundle in the said County of Northampton, Gentlemen, and their Successors to be elected in Mamie, herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commifli aers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open nnd Common Field , Common Meadows, Failures, and all Commonable Lands and Waste G rounds within the said Parishes or any of them, and thereto and to every or any of them, or the ancient Estates there respective ' belonging or in any wise appertaining, (save and except the Common calleu Great Borough Fen), and for putting this Act into Execution, subject to the r ’ tovisions or the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any Two of the said Commissioners, or their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to execute, do, and perform, all and every or any Matter or Thing, either by this or the said recited Act authorized to be done and performed by the said Commissioners; and every such Matter and Thing which shall be executed, done, and performed by any Two of the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if all the said Commissioners herein-before appointed, or to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, had been present and had executed, done, and performed the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case tie said Edward Hare shall die, neglect, or refuse to ad, or be rendered incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in such Case the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall, within Twenty Days next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of the said Edward Hare to ad shall happen or be known to them or him, give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Lords of the said several Manors for the Time being or the major Part of them, or to their known Agents, who shall within Twenty Days after such Notice, by Writing under their Hands or under the Hands of their known Agents, nominate and appoint One other Person (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said Edward Hare, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner, so to be appointed by the said Lords of the said Manors, shall die, neglect, or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid; and that in case the said William Cujlance shall die, neglect, or refuse to act, or be rendered incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in such Case the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall, within Twenty Days next after such Death, Neglect, or Refusal to ad, or Incapacity of the said William Cujlance shall happen or be known to them or him, give Notice thereof in Writing to the said several Patrons, Impropriators, and their Lessees, Redors, and Vicars for the Time being, or the major Part of them or their Succehors,-or to their known Agents, who shall within Twenty Days after such Notice, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, nominate and appoint One other Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room and

Stead

3095

Commission-

ersappointed.

Two Commissioners may eft.

Appointment of new'Commifiloncih

3096 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

■Stead of the said William Cujlance, and so from Time to Time so often as any Commissioner so to be appointed as last aforesaid, shall die, neglect, or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid; and that in case the said Charles Berkeley shall die, neglect, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, that then nnd in such Case the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall within Twenty Days next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of the said Charles Berkeley to ad, shall happen or be known to them or him, give Nouce thereof to the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed (except the said several Lords of Manors, Patrons, Impropriators, and their Lessees, Redors, and Vicars as aforesaid}, in the Newspapers called The Cambridge Chronicle and "Journal, and The Lincoln, Stamford, and Rutland Mercury, or some other Newspaper usually circulated in that Part of the County of Northampton where the Lands to be inclosed lie, and also in each of the said Parish Churches and Chapels of Maxey with Decpingate, Northborough, Clinton with Peaki/ k, Etlon, and ITelpstone, in the said County of Northampton, upon a Sunday immediately before Divine Service, by affixing the fame in Writing upon the principal outer Doors of the said Parish Churches and Chapels; and in such Notice the said surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall appoint a Time and Place (within the Limits hereby appointed for holding the said Meetings generally, for the Purposes of the said intended Division and inclosure) for the said Owners and Proprietors to meet, within Twenty Days after such Notice, for the Appoint-inent of another Person (not interested in the said intended Division and inclosure) in the Place and Stead of the said Charles Berkeley, and the Majority in Value of tfye said Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds so to be divided, allotted, and inclosed (except as aforesaid), who shall by themselves or their known Agents, or other Agents duly authorized by Writing, attend such Meeting, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, appoint another Person (not interested in the said intended Division and inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of the said Charles Berkeley, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said Owners and Proprietors shall die, neglect, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid; but in case the Persons respectively herein-before enabled and authorized to appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appoint such Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place and Stead of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, megleding, refusing, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, within Twenty Days after such Notice or Notices shall have been given as aforesaid, then and in such respective Cases the surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners shall, within the Space of Twenty Days next after such last mentioned Refusal or Neglect, by Writing under their or his Hand or Hands, appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners, not interested in the said Division and inclosure, in the Place and Stead of each of such Commissioners so dying, neglecting, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, whose Place or Places shall not have been filled up by the respective Persons enabled to elect or appoint such new Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed, shall have the fame Powers and Authqrities of acting in the Execution of this and the said recited Act as the Commissioner in whose Place or Stead he shall succeed was veiled

with.;

49® GEORGII III. Cap. 152. 3097

■with; and every Appointment of a new Commissioner shall be enrolled at "the same Time and in the same Place as the Award or Instrument of the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Notice of they are hereby required to cause Notice to be given by Advertisement in the Meetings. Newspapers called The Cambridge Chronicle and Journal, and The Stamford,

Lincoln, and Rutland Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in that Part of the said County of Northampton where the said

Lands and Estates lie, and also by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Doors of the several Parish Churches and Chapels aforesaid, of the Time and Place of their fird Meeting for executing the Powers hereby veded in them, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting, and shall also cause Ten Days Notice at the lead, to be given in Writing, in like Manner, ot every subsequent Meeting for the like Purposes (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted): Provided always, that if at any Meeting appointed to be holden as aforesaid it shall happen that only One of the said Commissioners shall attend, fuqh Commissioner so attending may adjourn such Meeting to such Time within the Space of One Month, and to such Place within any of the said Parishes, or within Eight Miles of the fame, as he shall think most convenient, giving Notice thereof to the absent Commissioners: Provided always, that all Meetings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of tins or the said recited Act shall be held within some of the said Parishes, or within Eight Miles of the same.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices Other No-necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissiofiers tices how to shall be so made and given by Advertisement in the said Newspapers, or bc Slvea>

in case the same shall not be then published, in some other Newspaper published or circulated in that Part of the said County of Northampton in which the Did Lands do lie, and by Notices to be affixed on the outer Doors of the said several Churches and Chapels as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person acting as a Commis- Commission-Coner in the Execution of this or the said recited Act shall act as a Sur- ers‘lot to a(^ veyor for the Purposes thereofduringtheTime he shall be a Commissioner. as urvey°r*

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at Rrfpefting any Time within Twenty Years now lait pad have been made upon the Encroach-■said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Failures, Common- nienU’ able Lands, and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly, save and except in such Cases only where Encroachments or Inclosures have been made upon the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds with the Consent of the Lord or Lords,

Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors within the said Parishes; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute or ififftrence shall be determined by the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in order to ffiorten the Boundary power to Tences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, shorten Bou* allotted, and inclosed, and any adjoining Parish or Parishes, it shall and darie*. may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in

\Loc. (s? Perl] 34 Q Writing

’3698 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

'Writing under the Hand or Hands of the I.ord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors, or Owner or Owners of the Soil, and under thd Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes interested in any Commons or Walle Grounds adjoining to the said several Parishes of Mlaxey with Deepir.gate, Northborough, Gilinton with Peahirk, Etton, and Helpstone, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Lands upon which such Fence or Fences are intended to be made, to set out and ascertain the Boundary Fances to be made between the said Commons and Waste Grounds adjoining to the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in such Manner as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid, and after such Boundary Fences shall be set out and ascertained as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct in and by their Award, and shall for ever thereaiter be and be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said several Par idles of Maxey with Deepingate, Northborough, Glinton with Pcaktrk, Etton, and Helpstone, and such adjoining Parish or Pari (lies as aforesaid, any Law, Usage, or Cultoin to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commission-

rrs to settle Disputes j

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests claimed by the said Lords Pai amount and the Lords of the before mentioned Manors, or any of them, in or to the Soil of the said Commons and Walle Grounds, or touching or concerning any other Rights or Intereils which such Parties or any of them shall claim to have in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or concerning any l imber, Wood, Underwood, Bushes, Thorns, Whins, or Furze growing thereon, or concerning any Allowance claimed or to be claimed for ploughing and sowing Turnips or Corn, laying down with Grass-Seeds, manuring or improving the said Arable, Meaoow, and Pasture Lands, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Mdfuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

>ut not to

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners determine shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim i.r Claims, Ob-Title*. jeftion or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance of Hiis or the said recited Act, fee C.ause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, frs^T-^dr ' uP°n /'pplication made to then^ for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and Colts.' 1 " awar<l such Costs arid Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties, in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegia'e, whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby diiallowed or overruled, or against whom the said Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be

liable

3°99

49s GGEORGII III. Cap. 152.

liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay die fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so didrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, intereded or claiming to be Interelfed in the said intended Dividon and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of or for any Right of Soil, Sheepwalk, or Common, or other Commonable Rights or Intereds iq, over, upon, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, or concerning any Objection or Objections made to such Claim or Claims, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so dilfatislied, to have the Matter of any such Claim or Objection tried at Law at the next or at the Second Affixes to be holden for the County of Northampton, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be •ciiffatisfied with such Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action or Actions to be brought against either of the said Commissioners, or against any One or more of the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within Four Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall and he, she, or they is and are hereby required forthwith to name an Attorney or Attornies, and to appear and file Common Bail, and accept One or more Declaration or Declarations, and plead and proceed to Iffiue thereon, whereby such Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, and the Rights or Interests thereby insisted upon, may be tried and determined at the First or Second Assizes to be held for the said County of Northampton next after the making of such Determination, such Iffiue or [flues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or VerJicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, unlel's the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is dual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

Part iff way try their Right! at Law,

ioo 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Cetermiiu- XT. Frevided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Dete*. tion of Cora- miiiations of the said Commissioners as shall have been lo made as aforesaid be linsTif no "with respect to such Claims or Objections, and concern'ng which no Action Action at Law shall be brought or commenced and proceeded in within the lime

brought. aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Persons whom-

soever, any Thing in this or the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

If Parties die,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Proceedings Parties in any such Action, to be commenced by virtue or in pursuance »ot to abate. of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

’Provision in

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person ■Cases of or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall Panic, before ^ave ^een nrade, and against: whom any such Action or Actions might Actions 0 C l)ave been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions bi ought. shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-

before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Action or Actions.again(l the Person or Persons so dying, <lo bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been a finally livings and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

"Rights of PoiTUTion of Persons not to be determined by Commission-cri.

Roads dividing Parishes to be made up in the whole 40 Feet Broad.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Parlies, except in Cases of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years as herein-before mentioned; but in case the said Commissioner. shall be of Opinion again 11 the Rights of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession •shall have been given up or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any public Carriage Roads or Highways shall be set out or continued in any Situation or Direction where any of the said Parishes are divided from any adjoining Parish, and where there now is and usually hath been a public Road or Meerway, and such adjoining Parish or Place hath hitherto been charged or liable to be charged with One Half Part of the Repair and Support of the said Road or Way, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out so many Feet only, or so much land, from and out of the said Lands and Grounds hereby "directed to be

divided

3ioi

49* GGEORGII III, Cap. 152.

divided and inclosed, as will enlarge the Breadth of such Road or Way to Forty Feet at the lead.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that there are or is any public Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway in, through, over, or on the Sides of any of the old inclosed Lands or other Lands within the said Parishes, which may in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be diverted and turned without Inconvenience to the Public into any other public Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, or be diverted or turned so as to make the fame more convenient to the Public, or be (lopped up and destroyed as superfluous and unncceffary, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Concurrence of Two Justices, and on giving Notices subject to Objections or Appeal, as in the said recited Act is mentioned respecting the setting out, varying, and shutting up the public and private] Carriage Roads, Bridle Ways, and Footways, in and by their said Award to order and direct such Public Higlr-ways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, to be altered, turned, flopped up, or discontinued, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and in case such Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, so to be diverted, turned, flopped up, or discontinued, do not pass through any of such old inclosed Lands or other Lands, but on the Sides of the fame, to sell and dispose of the Lands and Soil of such Roads to the Person or Persons whose Lands lie contiguous thereto, or other Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the fame, and apply the Money arising therefrom towards repairing the public Highways within the Parish in which the fume lies.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Horses, Beasts, Asses, Sheep, Lambs, or other Cattle, shall at any Time within the first Ten Years after the said Allotments shall be directed to be entered upon by the respective Proprietors thereof, be kept in any of the public Carnage Roads or Ways to be set out and fenced off on both Sides, or laned out in pursuance of this Act

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may scour out, repair, and widen all ancient Brooks, Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Tunnels. Water Gates, Sluices, Banks, Bridges, and other Requisites, on, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed; and also shall and may make, set out, and appoint such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Water Gates, Sluices, Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as in, through, and-over any ancient Indofures or other Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, making Satisfaction to the Proprietor of such ancient In-dosures or other Lands and Grounds not hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, of such Depth and Breadth and in such Directions as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and the said Commissioners shall and may; and they are hereby directed in and by their Award to appoint and order by whom, and at whole Expence, and at what Time, and in what Manner the said Brooks, Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Tunnels, Water Gates, Sluices, Banks, Bridges, and other Requilite* shall be nude, and there-,.. .[Lee. Ss3 Per.'] 34 R after

Commissioners may alter Roads

through ancient Inclo^ sures.

Cattle not tm be kept in Roads for a limited Timei

Power to make Drain^ &c.

$*0 2

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

after repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained; and also shall and may dir A, order, and award all or any of the Streams, Springs of Water, and "W; rcourses within the said Open and Common Fields, Lands or Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or adjoining to the feme, or in any closed Lands within the said several Parishes, to be conveyed, carried, or t, ied inro such Courses, and through, over, and across such Parts of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any other Lands in the said Parishes, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion judge proper for the Watering of the several Allotments to be made as aforesaid, or discharging such Streams, Springs of Water, or Watercourses to their Outfall by the River Welland, provided that no such Stream, Spring of Water, or Watercourse be diverted or turned without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons from or outofwhofe Lands and of the Person or Persons through or into whose Lands respectively the feme shall be diverted or turned; and that it shall also be lawful-for the said Commissioners to open, cleanse, scour, and repair any ancient Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse in any other Parish, whereby the Water rising in or running from or through such other Parish, or over any Part of the Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall have heretofore usually passed and been conducted.

ComTnifiion-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the ersmaycxiin- said Commissioners at any Time when they in their Judgement shall think £uli' "r it convenient and proper, by Notice for that Purpose under their Hands to of Common* be affixed on One of the outer Doors of each of the said Parish Churches and direct die or Chapels, on feme Sunday immediately before Divine Service, to order Course of the Right of Common in, upon, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby Husbandry. directed to be divided and inclosed, or any of them, to be extinguished, either in Whole or in Part, or to be suspended, and from and after the 1 Time or Times to be mentioned in and appointed by any such Notice, all such Right of Common as shall therein be directed to be extinguished or suspended, shall be extinguished or suspended according to and as shall be expressed in and directed by such Notice; and until such Division and Allotment as is hereby directed shall have been made of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted, all such Lands and Grounds shall be flocked with such Cattle, and at such Times and in such Manner only, and the Tillage Lands shall be sown by the respective Occupiers thereof, or by such other Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, with such Sorts of Corn and Grain, and with such Kinds, Quantities, and Qualities of Grass, Turnips, and other Seeds, and shall be kept, ordered, and continued in such Course of Husbandry and Tillage as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands in that Behalf direct, any Usage or Custom to the contrary not with standing; and that the Charges and Expences of such Ploughing, Sowing, Fallowing, and Tilling, shall be paid by the respective Persons who shall receive the Benefit thereof, or by Inch other of the Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, and at such Times, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as the said Com-niiffiomrs shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands direct or appoint, and shall be recovered in such Manner as the Expences of this Act are directed to be levied and recovered; and that no Meadow, Palture or fresh Ground, Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and not in Tillage at the Time of passing this Act shall be, without the Content in Writing of the said Commissioners

before

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152. 3*°3

before the Allotment ihereof ploughed, broken up, or converted Into Tillage; and every Occupier of any such Land or Ground who Hull refuse or neglect to comply with any such Dii ection of the said Commissioners, or who shall plough, break up, or convert into Tillage any such Meadow,

Pasture, or fresh Ground, without the Content in Writing of the said Commissioners, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Acre of such 'tillage Land with rafpeft to which such Refusal or Neglect shall happen, and for tvery Acre of such Meadow,

Palture, or irdh Ground, which shall be ploughed, broken up, or converted into Tillage, and lb on in Proportion in each Cafe for a greater or less Quantity than an Acre, which shall be paid and collected or levied and recovered as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall set Allotment ror out, allot, and award i nto the Surveyors.of the Highways within each of St.ime'

the said Parishes respectively, such Parts of the Lands and Grounds here- 1 ur*

by directed to be divided and inclosed in each Parish respectively as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, not exceeding Three Acres in each of the said Parishes, as and for public Stone, Gravel, Sand, and Mortar Pits; and the fame Allotments, when set out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the respective Surveyors of the Highways of the said several Parishes, and by the respective Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within each of the said Parishes for the Time being, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall by their Award, or by any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, direct or appoint; and that the Herbage thereof, and also of the public and private Roads, shall belong to and be the Property of such Person or Persons to whom the Commissioners shall allot and award the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotmer.tsts may and they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, allot, and Rectors, &c. award out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and "If *icu inclosed in each Parish respectively, unto and for the several Rectors, Vi- an|bRightof cars, and Impropriators, and the Lessee of the said Impropriators respect Common, tively, and their Successors, Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators for the

Time being, such Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to-be divided and inclosed in each Parish respectively, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands and Rights of Common now respectively belonging to the said Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators.

XXII. And, in order to the making an adequate Compensation to the Allotment i» said several Rectors, Vicars, Impropriators, and their Lessee, now the Tythe *lcu of Great-Owners, and their Successors, Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators, and ®n'all Tythe Owners for the Time being, for the Great and Small Tythes arising 3

and renewing within the said several Parishes, or the Tytheable Places of the fame, and for Modules, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award, out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed in each Parish respectively, unto and for the said several and respective Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators, and their respective Successors, for and in lieu of all Tythes both Great and Small, and all Modules,

Compofuions*

3104

Situations for taits of the jtfpcciive Rectors, Skc. Allotments.

A Money

Payment to be made in lieu of Tythet in certan. Cases.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever, (except Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees) arising, growing, increasing, happening, or payable within the said several Parishes and every of them, such Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Fifth Part of all the Arable Lands, One Eighth Part of all the known Grass Lands, and One Ninth Part of all the Wood Lands, and One Ninth Part of all the unknown Common and Waile Grounds within each Panlh respectively, which are iabject and liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind to the said respective Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators, and also equal in Value to such Modules, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, if any, and which shall remain after the public and private Roads and the Allotments for Stone, Gravel, Sand, Mortar Pits, Glebe Land, and Rights of Common herein-before directed to be made, shall have been let out and deducted.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in making the said Division and Allotments, to set out and allot unto and for each of the said several and respective Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators aforesaid, and their respective Successors, not less than Fifteen Acres of the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted to them rd'pectivdy in lieu of Glebe or Tythes as aforesaid, as near to their respective Parlonage Houses as conveniently may be without Prejudice to the Rights of other Persons.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case there are any Ilome-fleads, Gardens, Orchards, Homeclofes, old Inclosures, or inclosed Lands and Grounds, in any of the said Parishes, subject or liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind, or to any Modus or Composition, or other Payment in lieu of Tythes (if any) or any other Ecclesiastical Dues or Payments, the respective Proprietors whereof shall not happen to be entitled to any or a sufficient specific Allotment to make Compenl’ation for the fame, such Proprietors shall respectively pay or cause to be paid unto such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for such Tythes, Modules, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, or other iic-clefiastical Dues or Payments issuing or payable out of such Homelteads, Gardens, Orchards, Homeclofes, old Inclosuresj and old inclosed Lands and Grounds respectively, or for such Part thereof for which a Compeu-fation in Land cannot be made by the Proprietors thereof as aforesaid j which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied towards Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, and shall and may be raised, levied, and recovered in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, are hetein-after directed to be raised, levied, and recovered; and if any Surplus shall remain after Payment of such Expences as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be divided between the several Persons in terested in the said Lands and Grounds in Proportion to their respective Interests and the Shares of such of the said Persons as shall be Tenants thereof in Fee Simple shall be paid to them respectively, and the Snares of the others

of

3l05

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

of the said Persons shall respectively be paid into the Bank of England, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act wiih respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or other I Iere-ditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, where any such last-meinioned Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the fame Ufts: Provided always, that in case any of the Proprietors of such old inclosed Homesteads, or other old inclosed Lands, amounting altogether to Thirty Acres, shall be desirous of compensating for the Tythes of the fame by Land in-stead of such Money Payment, and shall give Notice thereof to the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to let out such Compensation as aforesaid in Land, Part of such old Inclosure, and allot and award the fame accordingly.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any of the Owners or Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands or Grounds, in any of the said Parishes, not having a sufficient Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby diverted to be divided and inclosed, to discharge his, her, or their old Inclosures from Tythes, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability, or for any of the Owners or Proprietors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or otherwise interested as aforesaid, to charge such Melhiages, Cottages, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands and Grounds with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Comm'uTioners shall by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, previous thereto, declare to have been paid for the Discharge of the Tythes thereof, not exceeding in any Case Five Pounds an Acre, for every Acre of Land discharged from Tythes as aforesaid, and their respective Shares of the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining of this Art, and carrying the fame into I ' ('ration; and to grant, mortgage, surrender, leafs, or demise, or other*.ie subject such Messuages. Cottages, Homesteads, Gardens, O: rds, or inclosed Lands or Grounds, unto such Person or Persons as (halt a b at: and lend such Sum and Sums of Money respectively, his, her,

or theit Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years; or in case any Person in Poffdlion, who shall be charged with a Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall choose to advance, pay, or dif barge the fame, that it shall be lawful for the said Commi Hioners, by any Deed or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be attelted by Two or more credible Witnesses, in like Manner to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease, demise, or otherwise subject the said Messuages, Cottages. Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands and Grounds, to Inch Person or Persons respectively paying or discharging the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money as aforesaid, with Jure re it for the fame, to commence on the Termination of his, her, or their Right in the Premises, so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be [Luc. isf Per 3] - 34$ vuk,

Tenants for Life, &c. of old Inclosure* having no open Field Lands empowered to charge tiicir Estates with Money plid for discharging the fame from Tythes.

$1-06 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

void, or with an express Trull to be surrendered or re-assigned when such Sum and Sums of Money thereby to be secured shall have been iully paid and satisfied; and also with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest, so that no Person or Persons afterwards becoming entitled to any such Messuages, Cottages, Iiomelleads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands and Grounds, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for Six Calendar Months preceding the Time •when the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease, or Demise, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes hereby intended.

Allotments

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Allotments herein di-for Glebe reded to be made, set out, allotted, and awarded unto the said several to^in^he Redors, Vicars, and Impropriators, and their Successors as aforesaid, in respective Pa- l*eu Glebe Lands, Rights of Common and Tythes, and Modules, Com-riihcs, and to positions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, if any, as aforesaid, shall be accepted, be so respectively set out of the Lands and Grounds in the respective Parishes where such Glebe Lands and Rights of Common are, and from which such Tythes, Modules, Compositions, or Payments in heu of Tythes, are due and payable, and the same shall be accepted by such Rectors, Vicars, Impropriators, and their Successors as aforesaid; and the same are hereby declared to be in lieu, bar, and full Satisfaction of and for all such Glebe Lands and Rights of Common, and of all Tythes both Great and Small, and all Portions of Tythes and Modules, Compositions, and Payments in lieu of Tythes, and all Ecclesiastical Dues and Duties whatsoever now due and payable, and hereafter to arise and become due and payable to the said Redors, Vicars, and Impropriators, and their Successors as aforesaid, out of all, every, and any of the Estates, Lands, and Grounds in the said several Parishes (except the usual and accustomed Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries), any Law', Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the fame Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and Payments in lieu of Tythes shall immediately from and after the setting out of such Allotments in lieu and Satisfaction of the same as aforesaid, or at such other Time as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award, or by any Writing to be signed by them previous to the Execution of" the said Award, and affixed on the principal outer Door of each of the said Churches and Chapels as aforesaid, direct and appoint, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

Tvtbes pay-

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until the said able until AI- Division and Allotment shall be made, and Possession thereof given to the lotinents ar« said respective Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators, or their Successors, the "*de' said respective Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators, and their respective

Successors, shall be entitled to and shall respectively receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes and other.Payments as they could, might, or ought to have severally and respectively received in case this Act had not passed; and that the said Redors and Impropriators respectively shall from and immediately after making the Allotments herein directed be for ever exonerated and exempt from providing and keeping a Bull and Boar for the Use of the Inhabitants of each of the said Parishes.

6

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 152.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to divide, fa out, ascertain, allot, and award the several Allotments, Pieces or Parcels of Land and Ground which shall, pursuant to the Powers herein contained, be let out, allotted, and awarded for Glebe Lands, Rights of Common, and Tythes and Modules, Compofuions, or Payments in lieu of Tythes in the said Parish of Maxcy with Deepingate, unto and between the said William Lo/tus, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, and the said Dean and Chapter of Peterborough and their Lessee, raid their Successors Impropriators as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall adjudge proper, according to their respective Rights and Intereils in and to the Glebe Lands, Rights of Common and Tythes, and Modules, Compositions, or Payments in lieu of Tythes in the said Parish and the said Commissioners are also hereby authorized and required to divide, set out, allot, and award the several Allotments, Pieces or Parcels of Land and Ground which shall, pursuant to the Powers herein contained, be set out, allotted, and awarded for Glebe Lands, Rights of Common, and Tythes, and Modules, Compositions, and Payments in lieu of Tythes in the said Parish of Helpstone, unto and between the said John Jackson Serocold, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, and the said Mailer,- Fellows, and Scholars of Christ College, Cambridge, and their Lessee, and their Successors Impropriators as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall adjudge proper, according to their respective Rights and Intereils in and to the Glebe Lands, Rights of Common, and Tythes and Modules, Compositions or Payments in lieu of Tythes in the said Parish; save and except as to the Annual Payment payable by the said Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars to the said John Jackson Serocold, and his Successors as Vicars as aforesaid, which is not to be affefttd by this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments of Land and Ground so to be set out, allotted, awarded, and divided, to and for the said respective Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators, and their Successors as aforesaid, shall be respectively inclosed and fenced on all such Parts as shall not be directed to be fenced by any other Proprietor, and as shall not adjoin upon any ancient Inclosure or Brook which may be of itself a sufficient Fence, with Ditches and Quickset Hedges, or other proper Mounds or •Fences, with proper Posts and Rails or other Guard Fences to such Qtiick-sets, at the Expence of such of the other Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, and of the Owners and Proprietors of such old Inclosures as shall be exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint j and the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint what Part of the said Ditches, Mounds, and Fences shall afterwards respectively belong to the said Rectors, Vicars, and impropriators, and their Successors, and what Part to any other Owners or Proprietors; and the said Ditches, Mounds, and Fences, when properly made, shall thereafter for ever be maintained, supported, and scoured out, by and at the Expence of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be ordered and appointed to belong as aforesaid; and that the several other Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, or otherwise fenced, and such Fences for ever thereafter repaired

and

3*0/

Commiibon-era to divide Glebe, the Tythes, Allotments of Maxey, with Deepingate and Help-stone.

Allotments, Glebe, Tythes, &c. to be Ring-fenced by the other Proprietors.

For fencing Allotments to other Proprietors.

$ioS'

JGflors and

Vicars may leaie their Allotment* for ii Yeara upon certain Condition*.

Allotments in Right of Soil.

49° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 152.

and scoured cut by and at the Expence of the respective Persons to whom •the fame shall be allotted, within such Time and in such Proportions and Manner as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, order and direct; and that convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in all the said Fences and Inclosures for the Purpose of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages passing through the fame, for such Space of Time as the said Commissioners shall direct.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said several Rectors and Vicars respectively, and their Successors Rectors and Vicars as aforesaid (by and with the Consent of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, testified by Writing under his Hand, and of the said Patrons respectively testified by Writing under the respective Common Seals of such of them as are a Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hand or respective Hands of the other or others of them, at any Time after they shall be put into the Possession of the Allotments to be made to them respectively as aforesaid, and before Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award), to grant any Lease or Leal'es to any Person or Persons whomsoever, of such respective Allotments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, except of the small Part of each respective Allotment herein di-reded to be set out to them and their Successors as near as conveniently may be to their respective Farfonage Houses. for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years from the Lady Day or Michaelmas Day next before ihe Day of the Date of such Lease or Leases, so that upon every such I ,ease there be reserved and made payable, determined by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, the best and mod improved Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium. Sum of Money, or other Consideration for the making or granting any such Lease, and so that no such Lease or Leases be made dilpunishable of Waste, and so that the Lessee or Lessees to whom such Leases shall be granted, be obliged yearly to spend and consume all the Manure arising from the Land to be so demised, and that Power of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, within a reasonable Time, and all such other Beeeflary and usual Powers and Covenants be inserted and contained therein, and so that Counterparts or a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases be duly executed by the Lessees or Lessee to whom such Lease or Leases shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such

I.ease shall be valid and cuecluai, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next Place set out, allot, and award out of each of the said Parishes respectively, unto the said Lords Paramount and the Lords of the said several Manors, or unto such of them as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be interested in the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal to One-rwentieh Part inValue of all t lie Waste and unknown Commonable Lands and Grounds, as a Compensation for their Rights and interests of and in the Soil of all the said Waste and unknown Commonable Lands and Grounds in each and every of the said Parishes, and so as each Allotment so to be set out as aforesaid

49° GEORGG11 III. Cap. i$*n

said be set out in that Pari Hi in which the said Waste and unknown Commonable Lands and Grounds in respect of which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made do lie or are situated; and after such Allotments shall be set out as aforesaid, the said Commissioners (half and they are hereby authorized and required to divide, allot, and award the said Allotments so set out to such Lords as aforesaid for Right of Soil, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That after the said several Allotments shall have been made and set out as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall divide, set out, allot, and award all the Residue and Remainder of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the said several Parishes reflectively, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Proprietors or Owners of the fame, and other Persons having Right of Common or other Interest therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and deem to be a just Compensation and Satisfaction for and equal to their several and respective Lands, Grounds and Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That in making the said Division, Allotments, and Inclosure of the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Lands, the said Commissioners shall set out and allot Two Fifth Parts in Value of such Residue to the Proprietors of Lands in each respective Parish having Right of Common thereon, and the other Three Fifth Parts to the Proprietors of the Commonable Messuages, Cottages, and Tofts in each such Parish having Right of Common ihereon, save and except as to such Commons as may be regulated or Hinted Pastures, or Commons which are to be divided and allotted according to such Regulation or Stint: Provided always, that all Tofts, Foundations, or Sites of ancient Commonable Messuages, or Cottages, shall, upon Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that the fame were deemed to be such in the ancient Terriers or Documents of the said Parishes respectively, be considered and deemed as Commonable Messuages, Cottages, and Tofts respectively, and that the respective Owners thereof shall be entitled to the fame Compensation for the respective Rights of Common originally belonging thereto as if such Messuages or Cottages had been (till standing.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to appoint a Time and Place, by Notice to be given in Manner herein-before directed respecting other Notices to be given under this Act, for receiving Application from the Proprietors touching the Situation they would respectively choose to have their Allotments set out and allotted in.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights and Interests of the said Proprietors in the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed

ILoc. Per.] 34 T by

3109

to be divided.

Allotment oC the Keftdue.

Common! how to be allotted.

Compenfa. tion for Tofiai

Meeting to be appointed to receive Application for Situations.

Allotments to

be delineated on a Plan and shew.i to the Proprietors,

$IIO

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

by virtue of this Act, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof, the said Commissioners shall give Notice, in Manner aforesaid, of some convenient Time and Place when and where the said Proprietors may be informed of such intended Allotments, and fee the Scheme thereof set out anddelineated upon a Map or Plan thereof, to be produced for their In-speftion; and as some Proprietors may, upon Inspection of such Map, be aiflatisfied with the intended Allotments, the said Commi dinners shall at such Time and Place as last aforesaid, or some other Time or Place to be appointed by them for that Purpose, receive Statements in Writing of the Complaints and Objections against such Allotments, and shall forthwith as soon after as conveniently may be determine the lame, and their Determination shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

Land may be deducted from Allotments for Expence! j

and may be allotted to Persons paying such Expence).

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Request of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted whether seized in Fee or being Tenants in Tail or for Life or Lives, or for any Number of Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or for any other determinable Estate or Interest, or at the Request of the respective Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Receivers, Agents, or Attornies of any such Owners or Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or for the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Receivers, Agents, or Attornies of the Trustees for any charitable or public Uses, or the major Part of them respectively, to deduct from the Value and Amount of the Allotment or respective Allotments of such Owner or Owners, by whom or on whole Behalf such Request shall be made as aforesaid, so much as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal to the Share and Proportion, or respective Shares and Proportions of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf any such Request shall be made of the Charges and Expences of passing this Act and of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, and making such Boundary Fences as the Commissioners.shall direct, in respect of such Allotment or Allotments j and to allot the Land and Value so deducted to and amongst such of the other Owners and Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons who shall be willing to take the fame, and to pay and defray such Expences as such Estates shall by the said Commissioners be charged with, and who shall pay such Charges and Expences; provided that it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, upon any such Request as aforesaid, and on the Payment by the Person or Persons making such Request of his, her, or their full Proportion of such Colts and Expences, to allot to the Person or Persons respectively by whom or on whose Behalf such Request and Payment shall be made, his, her or their Heirs or AlTigns, the Land which shall have been so deducted, and the Person or Persons respectively to whom any such Allotment shall be made and awarded shall be and become seized thereof of an absolute Estate in Fee Simple, provided, that every such Request as aforesaid shall be. made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioners at One of the Meetii gs for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, to be faoldea - - - prevjoully:

3*11

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

previously to their allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed: Provided always, that the Expences incident to the Estates held under beneficial Leases as after mentioned, shall be iultained, paid, and defrayed as htrein-after directed.

Proprietor* not to raise more Money by deducting from Allotments, than they are authorized to charge their Lands with, and where Land is deduced no Charge to be "made.

m

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of Allotment the Owners or Proprietors of any Allotment or Allotments or of any Com- for Commo« mon Right upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and Refold for' inclosed, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of any Allotment or Allot- the Execu-ments to be made and set out by virtue of this Act, separately and dif- tion of the tinftly from the Estate in Right of which he or she is or may be entitled to Award, the fame, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered to award all and every such Allotment and Allotments, which shall be so fold and disposed of, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by any such Sale or Disposition.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons Lands held by

shall be seized or possessed of Lands or other Hereditaments held by different different Te-Tenures, or for, by, or under different Estates or Titles, the said Cora- nuresor Title* missioners shall, upon the Request of the Person or Persons so seized or ia*

possessed respectively, inquire into, ascertain, and determine the respective 8

Lands or other Hereditaments held by such several Tenures, or for, by, or under such different Estates or '1 itles respectively, and shall set out such distinct Allotments in respect of such Parts thereof as shall be or arise within the Common and Open Fields, or other the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to raise any further or greater Sum of Money than the Person or Persons Part of whose Allotment or Allotments shall be deducted as aforesaid, would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her, or their Estate or Estates, under or by virtue of the ft id recited Act; provided also, that in all Cases where any Land shall be deducted from the Allotment of any of the said Proprietors or Persons towards Payment of Expences as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Proprietor or Person from whose Allotment Land shall be so deducted as aforesaid, to charge his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, with any Money towards Payment of such Expences.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds Lands al-which shall by the Authority and in pursuance of this Act or the said re- lotted in lieu cited Act be allotted any of the said Proprietors, shall be held by such Freehold, Proprietors respectively under the fame Tenures, Rents, Customs, and Leasehold’for Services as the Lands or other Property in respect of which such Allotments be deemed of shall be made were respectively held and enjoyed by the said Proprietors the fame Tc-before the patting of this Act, or would have been held an t enjoyed in "ure as the case this Act had not been made; and the several Lands and Grounds fyHofwhich

which they are allotted.

112

Provision for the Renewal of certain Leasehold Estates.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

which shall be allotted in lieu of Freehold Lands, or other Freehold Property, shall be deemed Freehold, and shall be held of the Lord of the Fee under the fame Rents, and by the fame Services, as the Freehold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were allotted were before that lime held; and the several Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted in lieu of Copyhold Lands or other Copyhold Property, shall in like Manner be deemed Customary or Copyhold Lands, and shall be held of the Lords of the Fee thereof, under the fame Rents and by the fame Customs, Duties, and Services as the Copyhold Lands or other Property, in lieu of which they were so allotted, were or ought to have been held, and shall pals by the like Surrenders as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made are now holden under or liable to.

XLI. And whereas several of the Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Premises in the said several Parishes, or some of them, are held under Beneficial Leases for the Residue of Terms of Twenty-one Years of the said Lord Bishop of Peterborough, and the said Dean and Chapter of Peterborough, as mentioned in their respective Leases: And wjjereas the obtaining and passing of this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and inclosing the Allotments to the said Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators as aforesaid, and the several other Matters incident to the said Division and Inclosure, will be attended with a considerable Expence, and the Advantages arising therefrom will be inadequate to such F.xpence as far as concerns the said Lessees, their Executors and Administrators, by reason of their temporary Interest in the fame, uliless some Provision be made for them by this Act; and for as much as the LcfTors are restrained by Law from granting any larger Estate or Estates in the Premises comprised in such Leases respectively than for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and cannot enter into an Agreement to bind themselves and their Successors to renew the said Leases at the usual and accustomed Times of renewing for any certain Sum of Money, without the Authority of Parliament; but the said Lessors and their Lessees respectively, in order to enable, them to eifcftuate the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, having agreed amongst themselves on what Terms the said Leases shall be renewed, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Dean and Chapter of Peterborough and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, which will be the Time according to usual Custom for renewing the Leases some Time since granted to Elizabeth Campbell, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the Lease of certain Lands in Decpingate, some Time since granted to John Atkinson, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or as soon after as conveniently may be on the Surrender of the now existing Leases, to grant new Leases to the respective Lessees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of the Premises comprised in their respective Leases, or the Allotments in lieu thereof, for a new Term of Twenty-one Years, upon the Lessees respectively paying to the Lcflors for such new Leases, as a'Fine for such Renewals, One Year and an Half’s Rent of the Lands therein comprised, according to the Value in the State they are at the Time of passing this Act, such Value to be ascertained by the said Commissioners j and at the End of Seven Years of such new Term to grant in like Manner 1 . a new

3"3

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

a n«w Term of Twenty-one Years to commence from that Time, on behig pa d as a Fine for such Renewal the like Sum as shall or may be paid in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, and for the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors as aforesaid in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, which will be the usual Time for renewing the Lease some Time since granted to John Athinjm of a Messuage and Lauds in Maxey, to grant in like Manner another Lease of the fame, on the Lessee paying a Fine of Twenty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten-pence; and in One thousand eight hundred and nineteen another Lease of the fame, on the Lessee paying a Fine of Twenty-nine Pounds; and in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen to grant to John Young a renewed Lease of the Premises lately dentifed to himen Payment of a Fine of Twenty Pounds Seven Shillings and Three-pence; and for the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors as aforesaid, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, which will be the usual Time for renewing the several Leases lately granted to Malacln Addy and William Levitt respectively, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to grant in like Manner renewed I.eases, on the Lessees respectively paying the like Sum of Money for a Fine as was paid on the lad Renewal in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight; and for the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors as aforesaid, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, which will be the usual Time for renewing the Leases granted to Robert Holdich and Charles Green, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to grant in like Manner a renewed Lease, on the Lessee paying the like Sum of Money for a Fine as was paid this present Year; and for the said Dean and Chapter of Peterborough, and their Successors as aforesaid, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, to accept from John Mo/ecey a Surrender of the Lease some Time since granted to Elizabeth Thoroton and Sarah Arnold, and by them assigned to him, and to accept from Sir John Wy Libore Smith Baronet, the Surrender of a Lease lately granted to him, and cancel the fame Leases, and to make to them the said John Molecey and Sir John Wyldbore Smith respectively, such Compensation as the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall direct; and in case the Commissioners shall not agree, or the Lessors or their said Lessee shall be dissatisfied with the Amount so directed, then such Compensation as William Morgan of Bridge Street Blackfriars, in the City of London, F.squire, shall direct and appoint, such Compensation to be paid or allowed by the said Lessors to the said Lessee; and the said Lessors and their said Lessees are hereby required on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September to grant and take new Leases of the Premises respectively for a Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing from the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, upon Payment of One Year and Three Quarters’ Value of the Premises by way of Fine for such Renewal, for a renewed or increased Term of Seven Years to be added to an exiffing Term of Fourteen Years, and so in Proportion for a less Term, according to the Value in the State they are at the Time of passing of this Act, such Value so be estimated and ascertained by the said Commissioners, and the usual Deduction of the reserved Rent being first made thereout; and at the End of the first Seven Years of such new Term to grant and take further Terms of Twenty-one Years, to commence on the Terminatioa of the said first Seven Years, under the fame Rents and Covenants as [Ler. 'A Per.] 34 U shall

49° GEORGII III. Crp. 152.

shall be contained in the new Lease, on Payment of a Fine calculated oil the fame Value and on the fame Principle as on the Renewal on the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and for the said Lord I'ishop of Peterborough and his Successors to grant in like Manner to h.is respective Lessees Two Renewals or the Leaies of Estates held of him as aforesaid at the usual limes of renewing the lame, on being paid by the respective Lessees as a Fine for each such Renewal, One Year and an Half’s Rent of the Pretnifes therein comprised, according to the Value in the State they are at the Time of passing this Aql, to be afeersained as aforesaid; such Leases to be under and subject to the old Rents and Covenants upon which the said Pretnifes are now holden, ever and above the Fees for such new Lease or new Leases respectively; and such new Leases so to be made and granted by the said Lcllors and their Successors shall be binding upon them and their Successors, and shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and l*ur-poses whatsoever, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contray notwithstanding.

Letters to pay

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the several Lessees, their Execu-

Eypem.es of tors or Admiiiifivators, in Consideration of such Renewals as aforesaid, «!eufin"thi a:l^ they are hereby required to pay, bear, and discharge all the Act. Colls, Charges, and Expences which shall be incurred in preparing,

obtaining, passing, and executing this and the said recited Act, and shall be payable in respect of the said Farms and Lands now held by them respectively on Lease as aforesaid, and also to make proper Fences at such Time and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Commissioners for dividing and inclosing the Farms and Lands.

Where Com-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Proprietor or Pro-mittioner* prietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be allotted by malkdiftina v"rtue of this or the said recited Act shall hold his, her, or their Lands and Allotments Hereditaments for diiferent Elfates or by different Tenures, and where, from for Lands the Want of the necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or d'ff-roin^ front any other Cause, their Award shall have omitted the distinguishing TiUes"they ami ascertaining of the Lands or other Hereditaments holden for each of may declare such f dates, and by each of such Tenures, and the letiing out and award-tlte Tame by ing cf several and diiiinft Allotments for such respective Lands or other r^t'rfilcir H‘-re<l'tament8 ?s herein is required, and within Twelve Calendar Months Award. after the m king the said Award Requed shall be made to the said Cotn-missioners by any I'erson or Penons intereded, by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omidion supplied by a separate Indrunienr; that and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Tiling necessary for supplying such Oinifiion, and so far as that fWpose shall require to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and aft as if their Award had not been made; and when they shall- have obtained what they shall think sufficient Information, they are hereby also authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to didinj,uilh and aloertain the Difference of such Estates and Tenures, respectively, and accordingly to make didinft and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required where such Discrimination * v should

3^5

49* GEORGGlI Ilf. Cap. 152.

should be contained in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument shall be enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof shall be given in the same Manner, as by the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, isdnefted concerning the said Award; and all reasonable Expellees incurred in or about such separate lnltrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Person or Persons who fit all have so requested the said Commissioners to make and execute the fame, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; and every such separate Ir.flrument shall, from and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, have the lame Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if the Contents thereof had been inserted and contained in their said Award, and the fame shall, after such Inrolment as aforesaid, be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request any such Omission shall have been supplitd, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in question shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, moil properly belong.

XT.IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Exchantr« for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, andaward any Lands, Tenements, may be made, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said several Parishes, or any of them, inlieuofandin exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments ' whatsoever within the said Parishes or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet,

Township, or Place; providedthatallfuchExchangesbeascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being seised of or entitled in Possession to the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, or to the actual Receipt of the Rents, Hides, and Profits thereof, whether such Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or a Body or Bodies Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the C.ourtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, or the major Part of such Trustees respectively,

Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themleives, himself, or herself, such Consent to be tef-tified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands and Seals of the other Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent telfified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in w'hich such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate: Provided always, that the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges and Partitions shall be

3116 49° GEORGII III. Cep. 152.

be borne and paid by the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, :n such Manner and in such Proportions as the Paid Commissioners shall order and direct; and the same shall and may be recovered in the Manner hetcin-after directed for the Recovery of the Coils and Expences of passing and executing this Act.

fubtmadefor And be it farther enacted, That the Proprietors whose Allot-

Tillare,'"&c°.r ments on the Paid Diviiton fnali have been tilled, ploughed, sown, folded, or manured by any former Proprietor or Occupier thereof, shall pav unto the Person or Persons respectively who shall have tilled, ploughed, lowed, folded, or manured the fame or any Part thereof, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, such Sum and Sums of Money, and at such dime and Times, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and shall by Writing under their Hands ascertain and direct j and if by reason of the Mismanagement of any former Occupier, or of the preceding Crop or Crops, or by anvother Means, it shall happen that the Allotment or Allotments to any Proprietor shall not contain a due and reasonable Proportion of Land in a proper State of Cultivation, or it any such Allotment or Allotments shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be from any Cause in a worse Condition to be occupied than the Average of the Lands allotted by viittie hereof, then the Person or Persons to whom any such Allotment or Allotments shall be made shall receive such Compensation and Satisfaction from any other of the Proprietors, or from the former Occupier, as the said Commissioners shall determine and adjudge to be just and equitable; and in case any of the Sums of Money which shall by the said Commissioners be directed to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person or Persons and at the Time or Times to be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for them and they are hereby required to levy the same in like Manner as the Expences of passing this Act, anil carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, are directed to be raised and levied.

Seitfemer.ti,

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That See. not to be nothing in this Act contained shall extend to revoke, make void, annul, Wilb're-nUr or a*Ier any Settlement, Deed, or Will, or to prejudice any Person having yoked. any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Annuity, Rent Charge, Debt, of Incumbrance whatsoever in, out of, upon or afedting any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or which shall be exchanged or assigned in Compensation for any other Estateor Right in pursuance of this Act respectively; but as well the Lands allotted as the Tenements and other Hereditaments which shall be assigned and taken in Exchange or in Compensation for any other Estate or Right, shall immediately after such Allotment, Exchange, or Assignment shall be made, be vested, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, assigned, or given in Exchange as afore-fa:d. Hi all henceforth stand and be seised and possessed thereof respedVivtly to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Intents, Trusts, and Purposes respectively, and subject and liable to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, limitations and Remainders, Conditions, Charges, and Incumbrances, as

the

3117

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments, Assignments, and Exchanges shall have been made, should or would have flood severally limited, settled, veiled, or subject or liable to or been held by in case the fame had not been allotted, assigned, or exchanged, and this Act had not been made; save and except such Rents and Services as shall have been compensated for and extinguished, and such Leases and Tenancies at Rack Rent as shall become void by virtue of this Act.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Leases, amt Agreements, and Tenancies at Rack Rent now subsisting of any Part 01 Tenanciei at Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, ^ck Rem t# and of all Lands and Hereditaments withinthesaid several I’ari (lies which shall cea e' be exchanged or exonerated from Tythes respectively by virtue of this Act, and of all Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements in the fame Parishes therewith respectively held, shall cease and be void at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct or appoint, so as the respective Lessors or Landlords of such Messuages,

Lands, or Tenements do before or at the respective Times at which such

I.eases or Tenancies shall be directed to cease, make and pay such Satisfaction to the respective Lessees or Tenants for the Loss which shall be sustained by the Determination of such Leases and Tenancies respectively, as shall be mutually settled and agreed between them, or as the said Commissioners, being thereto required, by either of the Parties shall ascertain and direct; and the said Commissioners being so required, are empoweted and directed to appoint a reasonable and proportionable Part, according to the Season of the Year, of the Rent reserved or made payable by any such Lease or Agreement for and in respect of the Time which shall have elapsed between the lall Day on which any Payment of the Rent shall have become due and the Determination of any such Lease or Tenancy j and such Part of the Rent shall be recoverable by such Ways and Means as may by Law be used for the Recovery of Rent in Arrear; and the said Commissioners are rower to up-empowered and directed in every Cafe where any such Lands or other Here- portion ditaments in the said several Parishes shall be held by virtue of any such Lease Rent• or Agreement, together with Lands or other Hereditaments in any other Parish or Piace, Parishes or Places by One entire Rent, to apportion and determine what Part of such Rent shall be deduded in respect of the Land or other Hereditaments in the said several Parishes in such Lease or Agreement comprised, and from what Time such Deduction shall take place; and the rest; of the Rent reserved on any such Lease or Agreement shall, during the Remainder of the Term thereof, be the Rent of and for the Lauds and Hereditaments in such other Parish or Parishes. Place or Places, and shall be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the entire Rent referred by such Lease or Agreement shall immediately before such Apportionment be payable and recoverable: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie, in any of the said Tefpec-tive Parishes, and Part in any adjoining Parish or Township, all and every such Lease and Leases at Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated; but where such Land shall have been taken in Exchange, and shall be under Lease, and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish or Township, the Lease of such last-mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

\_Loc. & Per. 34 X XLVIIL Ap

3118

Money advanced to t repaid with Interest.

Expenses of this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money that shall be advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, or which after the passing thereof shall be advanced or lent to or to be paid by the Direction of the said Commissioners for carrying the fame into Execution, shall be repaid with lawful Interest to the Person or Persons lending, advancing, or paying the fame cut of the full Money to be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Colls and Charges of and incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, of surveying, admeasuring, planning, dividing, and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paliures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed and exonerated from Tythes, and of making the public Roads to be set out, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commilflo tiers, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, and of the several Persons to be employed by them, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, •in, about, or concerning the Execution of this or the said recited Act, shall be borne and defrayed by all the Proprietors and Owners of or Persons having Rights or Interests in the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed (except the said several Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators, and their Successors, for and in respect of the Allotments to be made to them respectively as such Rectors, Vicars, and Impropriators as aforesaid), in such Proportions, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times and from Time to Time, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as shall be settled, adjulled, determined, and directed by the said Commissioners by any Writing under their ‘Hands; and the several Sum and Sums of Money thereby rated shall ba paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, before or after the Execution of their said Award, order, direct, or appoint, and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of such Colls, Charges, Sums of Money, and Expences as aforesaid, within the Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionere, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the said Colls, Charges, and Sums of Money to be levied by Distress aird Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, his, her, or their Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Committees, wherefoevei the same shall be found, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chatiels, the reasonable Charges of fu.h Warrant, Distress, and Sale being first deducted, together with Intercll after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed oil such Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, from the Time the same shall be directed to be paid as aforesaid; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, to enter upon and take Possession of the Messuages, Tenements, Orchards, Home Chfcs, or other ancient Inclo-

sures

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i$2. 3119

sures partitioned, exchanged, or discharged from Tythes as aforesaid; and also of the several Allotments made to such Person or Persons so refu-sing or neglefiling to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof until thereby, therewith, or otherwise, the Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions of the said Colts, Charges, Sums of Money, and Expences so ordered and directed to be paid by such Person or Persons as aforesaid; and all Interest on such Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, to be computed from the Time the same shall be dir filed to be paid as aforesaid, and also all Colts, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon such Premises, and the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

L. And be it further enacted, That each of the Commissioners act- Allowance to ing in Execution of the Trusts and Powers hereby vested in them shall be j.he Commis-allowed and paid, in Satisfaction for their Trouble and Expences, the Sum !lon of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for every Day on which they shall be respectively employed in travelling to attending on or returning from so afiting; and at all Meetings to be held in purfance of this and the said recited Afit the said Commissioners shall pay their own Expences; and none of the said Commissioners shall be allowed for more than One Day in travelling to and One Day in travelling from the Place of Meeting.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall draw Award, up and execute their Award of and concerning the several Matters and Things herein contained in manner directed by the said recited Act, and that the same shall be enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the Liberty of Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton, or in one of the Courts of Record at Westminster; and that then the same shall be deposited in the Cathedral Church at Peterborough, where all Persons interested may have Access thereto at proper Times to peruse the fame, on Payment of One Shilling to the Chapter Clerk; and that true Copies thereof upon Parchment shall be made and deposited in each of the Parish Churches of Naxey with Decpingate, Northborough, Glint on with Peakirk, Elton, and Helpstone aforesaid, or true Extracts thereform, so far as respefits each respefitive Parish, shall be made on Parchment and there deposited.

I.II. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in every Year Commis-during the Execution of this Afit (such Year to be computed from the Day Goners to lay of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby re- re

quired to make a just and true Statement or Account of all Sums of Money a justice. by them received and expended in the Execution of this and the said recited Afit, and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Liberty of Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton, not interested in the Inclosure, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall by such Justice or Justices be stated in the Book of Accounts to

3120

Appeal to the Quarter Sefitoni.

-Saving' Manorial Rightt.

Saving Ec-defiaili al Jurisdiction.

49° GEORGII III. Cop. 152.

be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, cr valid in I.aw, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, lettled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where, by any Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, the Determinations, Acts or Proceedings of thfe said Commissioners are directed to be final or conclusive) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said Liberty of Peterborough in the County of Northampton, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and the Matter thereof, to the said Commissioners and to the Parties interested therein; and the Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such-Older therein, and to award such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Warrant or Order to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if anyj to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to ail Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or determined by any Writ, Process, or other Proceeding whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’-s Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lefien, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lords of the several Manors within the Limits and Jurisdictions whereof the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed are situate, of, in, and to the Seigniories, Royalties, Rights, and Services incident or belonging to such Manors; but that the Lords of the said several Manors shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter respectively hold, receive, take, and enjoy all Rents, Fines, Ser--vices and Profits of Courts, and all other Rights and Privileges to such Manors respectively appendant, belonging, or appertaining (save^and except as to such, if any, as may be discharged, altered, or varied by this Act), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, prejudice, affect, lessen, or defeat any Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Lord Bishop of Peterborough, the said Dean and Chapter of Peterborough, and the said

Mailer,

SJ 21

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, of any Power of leafing which they or any of them have by the Law now in being, except as is herein provided.

I.VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing contained herein, shall not extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Commissioners or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to have, use, or exercis'e any Power or Authority over, or to intermeddle with any of the Sewers, Drains, or Works already made by or belonging to or hereafter to be made by or belong to the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or to invalidate, lessen or diminish, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities vetted in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators of the said Company, by virtue of an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act, Statute, or Charter whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which, by virtue of the said Act of the Fifteenth of Charles the Second, or of any other Act, Statute, or Charter whatsoever, now are vetted in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and of every of them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat, the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Alleyne Lord Saint Helens, John Lord Henniktr, William Burslem, and Evan Foulkes, their Heirs and Assigns, as such Lords Paramount in Trust as aforesaid, to any Right of Free Warren or any other Rights, Royalties, and Privileges, to, in, or over the said Hundred of Najfaburgh and Soke of Peterborough, respectively appendant, belonging, or appertaining.

LVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, as well in Right of His Crown as of His Duchy of Lancaster, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Fleirs and Successors Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the several Persons claiming Right of Common on the said Commonable Lands and Walie Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, and also the several Person and Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotments shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purpose of the Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely Tequire to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by this Act) all such Estates, Rights, and Interests as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or in respect of the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed before the patting of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in calc this Act had not been made.

[Lee. in’ Per.] 34 V

Saving

the Kiehts of the Corporation of Bedford Level.

Saving Rights of Lord Paramount.

General

Saving,

3*22

Act to be printed by the King's Printer.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. is2.

LlX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

L OND O N Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Fruiters to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1800.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

«H|i*M*»*

Cap. 153-

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Shobdon, Aymeftrej, and Lingen, in the County of Hereford;

and for extinguishing Tithes in those Parishes,

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manors of Shobdon, Aymefirey, and Lingen, in the County of Hereford, divers Open and Common Fields, Commons, YVaftes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing, by Edimation, Nine hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and also divers inclosed Lands and Grounds; and the said Manors of Shobdon and Lingen are co-extensive with the Parishes of Shobdon and Lingen; and tile said Manor of Aymefirey lies within the Parish of Aymefirey, but is not co-extensive therewith: And whereas William Hanbtiry, Esquire, is Lord of the said several Manors of Shobdon, Aymefirey, and Lingen, and, as such, is entitled to the Right of Soil of and in the said Commons and Wades within the said Manors rel'pedlively: And whereas the Reverend James Thomas Allen, Clerk, is the Retlor of the Rettory of Shobdon, and, as such, is entitled to all the Great and Small Tythes arising and renewing within the said Parish of Shobdon, except the Tythes arising and renewing out of certain Lands called the Tyndings, v.ithin the fail Parish of Shobdon, containing about S-xty Acres; and the said James Thomas Allen, in Right [Loc. Id Per.] ' 34 2 of

3126 49° GEORGII III. Cap. i53-

of his said Rectory, is entitled to certain old inclosed Glebe Lands within the said Parish of Shobdon, in respect whereof he claims Right of Common over the said Commons and Wades within the said Manor and Parish of Shobdon, or over some Part or Parts thereof: And whereas the said William Elanbury is Patron of the Lid Rectory of Shobdon, and is also entitled to the Tythes of the said Lands called the Tyndings: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for consolidating, in One Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure\ and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadls usually required on the pafjtng of such Acts: And whereas the said William Hanbury, the Earl of Oxford, Thomas King Esquire, fames' Dunne Esquire, William Tanner Esquire, John Darnel, John Bowen, and divers other Persons, are Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, and are intereded in the said Commons, Wades, and other Comnion-able Lands and Grounds; and the Lands and Grounds of the said several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields lie greatly intermixed and dif-perfect, and aie other wise inconveniently situate; and the several Proprietors of and Persons intereded in all the said Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are desirous that the fame should be divided and allotted unto and among them proportionably, and according to the Value of their respective tdates. Rights, and Inttreds therein; and that such Allotments should be inclosed and held in Severalty; and also, that in Consideration of an adequate Compensation, all the Lands within the said Manor and Parish of Shobdon, as well open as inclosed, diould be discharged from Tythes; but the several beneficial Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

Commission ^lc famej hat Edward Robson Ward, of Kingsland, in the said County

er?appointed. of Hereford, Gentleman, and John Harris, of Wuktcn, in the same County, Gentleman, diall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and for putting in Execution this Act, and such of the Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as are not altered, controlled, or otherwise provided for or affected by this Act.

Umpire. IE And, for the Purpose of settling and determining any Distirence or

Dispute which may at lie between the said Commissioners touching or concerning any of the Matters and Things to be by than determined and per-lormed, or executed in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act; be it further enacted, That Jcftph ITainwright, of King's Caple, in the said County c{ Hereford, Gentleman, shall be and lie is hereby appointed to act as an Umpire; and he is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine every such Difference or Dispute as may arise between the said Commissioners, touching any Act, Matter, or Thing, relating to the said Di'iiion, Allotment, and Inclosure, or to any of the Purposes of this Act; and the judgement and Determination of the said Umpire therein shall be deemed and copfidered to be the Judgement and Determination of the said GcmnidTumut, and shall be final and’ condulive upon the said Commis-

■sioners

3127

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 153.

■sioners and upon all other Persons concerned in the said Division and Inclosure, so far as the Judgement and Acts of the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act and this Act made final and conclusive.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case tha said Edward Robson For the Ap-JVard shall refuse to act or qualify himself as a Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, or if he shall, before the Powers and Trusts reposed f.oners-in the said Commissioners shall have been fu ly executed, die or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner, it shall be lawful for the said William Hanbury, or the' Lord of the said several Manors of Sbobdon, Aymejlrey, and Lingen, for the Time being, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the said intended Inclosure, in the Room of the said Edward Robson Ward; and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said William Hanbury,

or the Lord of the said Manors, for the Time being, shall die, refuse, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid; and in cale the said John Harris shall refuse to act or to qualify himself as a Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, or if he shall, before the Powers and Trusts reposed in the said Commissioners shall have been fully executed, die, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Proprietors, for the Time being, of the Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manors of Sbobdon, Aymejlrey, and Lingen, according to the Assessment thereof to the Land Tax, (including the Rector for the Time being of Sbobdon, but not the said William Hanbury, or the Lord of the said Manors for the Time being, nor the Tythe Owners of Aymejlrey and Lingen for the Time being as such), who shall, by themselves or their respective Agents, attend the Meeting or Meetings to be appointed for that Purpose, as herein-after is mentioned, by Writing under their respective Hands to appoint some other fit Person (not interested in the said intended Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place of the said John Harris; and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner, so to be appointed as last aforesaid, shall die, refuse, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid; and in case any of the said Parties shall make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner, within One Calendar Month after the Death of any Commissioner, or his Refusal, or becoming incapable to act, then the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required, from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Commissioner or Commissioners, by them respectively as aforesaid, or so soon after as conveniently may be, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the Premises, in the Room ofany such Commissioner so dying, refuting, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner to be appointed in the Manner herein-before respectively directed, shall have the like Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners named and appointed by this Act: Provided always, that Two or more of the said Proprietors shall cause Notice to be given of the Time and LMace of Meeting for every such Election. (which Place shall be in One of the said Parishes of Sbobdon, Ay-inf rey, and Lingen aforesaid. or within the Space of Eight Miles therefrom), at leftt Fourteen Days beiore the Time of holding such Meeting; such Notice to be publickly read in the several Parish Churches of Sbobdon, Ay-■T'.cflrey, and I.ingen, afcrefa’c’, on some Sunday immediately after Divine

Service,

3128

For the Appointment of new Umpire.

Oath to be

taken by Umpire.

400 GEORGII III. Cep. 153.

Service, and to be inferred in the Ntwfpaper called the Hereford Journal, or tome other Newipapei usually circulated in he County cl lurcford.

IV. And be it iurther enacted, That if the said Jofcpb V/ainicr:gl>t, or any future Umpire to be appointed a3 herein-atfer is menrioi,td, shall refute to act or to qualify himself as an Umpire under this Act, or shall die or become incapable of acting before the Powers and Itults reposed in the said Commissioners shall have been fully executed, then the said Commissioners shall, before they shall proceed iurther in the Execution ol this Act, a;d they are hereby authorized to appoint, by Writing under theit Hands, fume other fit Person, not interested in the said intended In. closure, to be an Umpire in the Place of the Umpire so refusing to act, or to qualify,' or djing, or becoming incapable of acting; and if the Com. imllioners cannot ag ee in the Choice of a Person to supply the Place of the Umpire on any such Vacancy, then each of the said Commissioners is hereby required to set dpwn in Writing the Name of some fit Person not interested in the Premises, whom lie shall propole to fill such Vacancy; and the Names so let down, being written on Papers of the lame Size and Kind, and folded up in the fame Form, or as nearly as may be to the fame Size, Kind and Form, , shall, at lon e Meeting of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, of which due Notice shall have been given, be put together in a Jicx or Glcfs, from which some indifferent Person shall, at such Meeting publicly and in the Presence of ail P.-rions interested who shall ch- ofe to attend, draw out One of such Papers, and the Person whole Name shall be written on the Paper first drawn out shall be the Umpire; and the said Commissioners are hereby required (o certify, by Writing under their I lauds, the Choice and Appointment of such Person to be Umpire accordingly; and every Umpire to be appointed in the Manner herein-belcre directed shall have the like Powers and Authorities as are by this Act velltd in the Umpire herth. appointed: Provided always, that the Ir.llrument or Certificate of the Appointment of every Conimif-honer and Umpire, to be elected and appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be enr< lied with the Award of the Commissioners, and a Copy of such Instrument or Certificate, atteiied by the proper Officer of the Court where thp fame shall be inrolled, shall be full and sufficieut Evidence thereof in ail Courts whatsoever.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting in tile Execution ol this Act, as Umpire, until be shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form following; that is to say

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ac.

* cording to the best of my Skill and Ability, execute and perlqrm ‘ the Trulls, Powers, and Authorities veiled and repefed in me tis Um-

* rir<% by virtue of an Act passee? in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituledYWere set so th tie Title

* of this Aci~\ ace-irdimr to Equity and good Oonscience, and w irhnnt

‘ F vbur or AfLction, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons ‘ whomsoever. ‘ So help the COD’.

Which Oath it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners-, or either of them, to adminifhr, and they are hereby required to administer the '■ fame.

3129

49e GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

fame, and such Oath fj taken and subscribed by such Umpire shall be annexed to andinrolkd with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That Richard Allerton, of Clarendon Surveyor. Square, Somers :Town, in the County of Middlesex, Surveyor, shall be the Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act, for and during the Will and Plea-

sure of the Commissioners; and on his Death or Removal it shall be lawful for the said aommissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint One or more fit and proper Person or Persone, not interested in the Premises, to be Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purposes of this Act, for and during the ‘Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, and on any future Vacancy, in like Manner, to appoint some other Surveyor or Surveyors, and so from Time to Time as olten as there shall be Occasion; and every such Surveyor shall at the first Meeting of the said Commissioners after his Appointment, take and subscribe an Oath in the Form herein-after set forth.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable Oath to be of acting as a Surveyor in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form following, viz. Uive>or*

* T Do sincerely promise and swear. That I will aft in the Execution ‘ of the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as Surveyor,

* by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act]

* truly, impartially, and honestly, according to the bed of my Skill,

‘ judgement, and Ability, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or

* Malice, to any Person or Persons whotnsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

And either of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer the said Oath to the said Surveyor; and the Oath so taken and subscribed by each Surveyor shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commis- ReComptnce sioners, and the said Umpire, shall be allowed and paid the Sum of to Commis-Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, for each and every Day fionei? and he (had actually attend and be employed as a Commissioner or Umpire Umpire‘

in the Execution of this Act, or shall necessarily travel from Home to attend the Meetings of the Commissioners, or when returning home, atter having attended such Meetings, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, Commission-.and they are hereby directed to cause publick Notice to be affixed on en to givB the principal outer Doors of each of the Parish Churches of Sbobdon, Notic.e of Aymejirey, and Lingen aforesaid, of the Time and Place of their First Meeting*, and every other Meeting, for the Execution of this Act, at lead Eight

Day* before any such Meeting shall be holden (Meetings by Adjournment ■excepted); and the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby authorized, to adjourn any such Meeting from Time to Time, and Place to [Loc. &-Per.} 35 A Place,

3136 49° GEORGII III. Ca*. 153.

Place, as they shall see Occasion; and in case both the said Comm:.r-f.oners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, or to which any such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful lor the Commissioners present at such Time and Piace, or if no Commissioners shall then attend, for the Clerk to the said Coaunil-sioners (which Clerk they are hereby authorized to appoint) to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-eight Days from the Day of Adjournment, to be holden at the fame, or any other Convenient Place, and so from Time to Time, untii both the said Commissioners shall meet; and the Commissioner or Clerk making such Adjournment, is hereby required to give Notice to the abl'ent Commissioner or Commissioners; provided, that all the Meetings of the Commissioners shall be holden within One of the said Parishes of Shobdon, AjmeJlrey, and Lingen, or within the Distance of Eight Miles therefrom.

OtherNotice* X. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices requisite or how to be necessary to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be made £lvca> and given by Advertisement, to be inferred in the said Newspaper called The Hereford Journal, or in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Hereford.

Comminion.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference ers to deter- shall arise between any of the Parties that now are or shall, before the cncci except ma^'ng of the Award of the said Commissioners, be interested, or claim as to Titles. to interested, in the said intended Division and Allotments, or any of them, touching and concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they, or any of them, shall claim or ought to have in any of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or in the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

Commisson-

XII. Provided also. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend duermine to ena^e t*le k'd Commissioners or Umpire to determine any Right Rights'con- between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties; trarytoPof- but in case the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be of Opinion session. against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been taken from such Person or Persons, by Ejectment, or other due Courie of Law.

Power to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners

awardCofU. shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or C airns, Objtftion or Objections, Matter or Thing, to be heard and determined by them, in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, lee Cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and trey are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to fe tie, allel's, and award such Colts and Chargi s as t ey ikalt think reasonacle to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour

their

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 153. 3131

their Determination, shall he made by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; arid in cale the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Colls and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been distrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per- Parties may fen or Persons interested in the said intended Division and inclosure, shall try their be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Um- ]^athast pire, touching or concerning any Claims, Objections, Rights, or Interests, to, in, over, or upon the Lands and Hereditaments intended to be divided or aftected by this Act, or any Part thereof, and shall, by Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their known Agent, signify the same to the said Commissioners within Two Calendar Months next after any such Determination shall be made; in such Case, but not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so diffaii-fied with such Determination to have the Subject of such Claim or Objection, in relptCt to which such Determination shall have been made, tried by an Action at Law, to be brought by him, her, or them, against the Lid CommiftL ners, or some or One or more of the Parties in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, upon a feigned Issue, to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action shall have been brought, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame, inch Action to be brought within Four Calendar Month next after such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Actions, shall, and is and are hereby required to appear to such Action, accept a Declaration, and plead to Issue, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall thereupon proceed in such Action, so as to have the fame tried and determined at the first or second Assizes to be holden for the County of Hereford next after the commencing of such Action, unless the Court shall direct further Time to be given; and if at the Trial of any such Issue or Issues, it shall appear that the Party claiming is entitled to any qualified or less Right or Rights, or Interests, than way or were claimed by such Party, then it shall and may be lawful for the Jury by whom Inch Issue or Issues shall be tried, to find and declare the fame by their Verdict, which shall be indorsed on the Postea, in Addition to the Verdict given upon the Issue or Issues joined; but nevertheless, the Costs of such Action or Actions shall abide and be determined by the Verdict given upon the Issue or Issues joined, as if no such Special Finding had been made; and the Verdict of the Jury on such Trial, or the Judgement thereon, or the Jud: ement in such Action or Actions, for the Want of a Plea or Pleas, shall be final and cone ufive between the Farties, unless the Court in which such Action shall be brought shall fee Cause to direct a new Trial, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, or Judgement for Want of a Plea, the 2 said

31^2 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

fai-l Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to act in Conformity thereto, and thereupon to allow or disallow the C-laini or Claim-thereby determined, according to the Event of such I rial of 1 rials, or Judgement for Want of a Plea: Provided always, that all such Orders ani Determinations of the said Commislioners, or Umpire, touching such Claim or Claims, Rights or Interests, in, over, or out of the Lands hereby direcred to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected 10 by such Notice to be given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or being so objected to, and the dissatisfied Parties reflectively not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be absolutely binding, final, and conclusive upon ail Persons whomsoever: Provided always, that if any of the Parties in any rction so to be brought as aforesaid shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in act if no such Event had happened.

How Actions

XV. Provided also. That if any Person or Persons, in whose Favour maybe any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against n'le Death^of w^10m any luc^ Action ol' Actions might have been brought, if living. Parties. shall ^ie before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons io dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid againli such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Notice of such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall be thereupon incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Right of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

Commissioners to make Drains, &tc.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may scour and widen >cll such ancient Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Water-courses. Tunnels, and Bridges, within the said several Manors of Sbobdony AymeJbej, and Linyen aforesaid; and also shall and may let out and make such new Ditches, Drains or Watercourses, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as also in, over, and through any ancient Inclosures or other Lands and Grounds within the said several Manors, of such Breadth and Depth, and in such Directions as the said Commissioners shall think proper, (provided that no such Works shall be made upon any inclosed Lar ds without the previous Consent of the Owners or Persons seized of such inclosed Lands; and that no Brooks. Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels Watergates, Banks, or Bridges, shall be diverted or altered without the Content of the Owner or Owners of the Lands from which and into which any Water shall be conveyed by the said Brooks, Drains, Waterccwrfes, or Tunnels respectively, such ( onfent to be ft (lifted by Writing under their rei’peetive Hands); and the said Commith-n-ers shall and may, and they ire hereby directed in and by their laid Award to order and direct by whom, at whole Eipence, at what Time and Times,

and

H-q’ GEORGII III. Cap. 153. 3^3

and in wht M.inner, the said Brooks, Ditches, Drains, WatercouTer,

Tunnels, Watergares, Banks, ami Bridges shall be made, and thereafter repaired, cleansed, scoured, and maintained.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners, with the Coni urrence and O der of Two Justices of the alter

Peace acting in and for the Divisian of the said County of Hereford, in Roads, &c. which the said Manors respectively are situate (subject to Appeal as in

the said recited Act is mentioned), to flop up, turn, widen, or alter any public or private Roads or Ways within any Part of the said Manors, which they shall deem urmecefTary, or as they shall think proper; and such Roads, so (lopped up or turned, shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and included.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any of justices at

the public Carriage Roads, to be set out in pursuance of the said recited Seffiuns to Act, shall be completed and put into good and sufficient Repair, it shall jcclar8 new be lawful for the justices of the Peace of and for the said County of Here- CBm’

ford, at their Special Sessions, to declare such Road or Roads to be fully

and sufficiently formed, completed, and repaired, from which Time and for ever thereafter such Road or Roads shall be supported and kept in Repair by such Persont and in like Manner as the public Roads within the said several Manors respectively now are or ought by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, for the making an adequate Corn Rent> Compensation to the said James Thomas Allen, and his Successors, Rectors in Compenfa-of Shobdon aforesaid, lorallTythes arising, renewing, increasing, or pay- tins for able to the Rector of Shobdon aforesaid, from, for, out of, or in respect ^j1'*

of any Homdl'eads, Gardens, Orchards, Lands, and Grounds within the shobdoo. said Manor and Parish of Shobdon, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to make a Valuation of all the Home-deads, Gardens, Orchards, Lands, and Grounds, within the said Manor and Parish of Shobdon, liable to the Payment of Tythes; and after making such Valua ion, the said Commissioners shall, by Reference to the London Gazette, or by such other Ways and Means as they shall think most proper, enquire and ascertain what has been the average Price of a Winchester Bushel of good marketable Wheat in the said County of Hereford for the Term of Twenty-one Years next preceding the First Day of January,

One thousand eight hundred and nine, (not estimating or including in such inquiry and Ascertainment the Price for the Three Years in which such average Pi,ice hath been the highest within that Period of Time, but upon the Average of the remaining Eighteen Years of the said Term), and shall,iin and by their Award, ascertain and set forth what Quantity of such Wheat shall, in their judgement, according to the average Price aforesaid, be equal to the annual Value of One filth of the Arable or Tillage Lands, of Onerninth of the Meadow or Paflurc Lands, and of One-tenth Dt the Wood Lands, within the said Manor and Parish of Shobdon, liable to the Payment of 1 ythes; distinguishing the Quanti y of such Wheat in rslpect of the Homeileads, Gardens, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, belonging to every Propi ietor and Farm separately; ano there shall be jfluiag and payable, from Time to Time, (or ever, to the said James Thomas Alien, and his Successors, Rectors of shobdon aforesaid, such several yearly [Lm. if Per.J 35 B Rents,

3 1 34-

Corn Rents may be varied every Fifteen Years,according to the Price of Wheat.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

Rents, or Sums of Money, out of the respective Homesteads, Gardens, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments of every such Proprietor, situate within the said Manor and Parish of Sbobdon, and liable to the Paym nt of Tythes, as shall be equal to the Value of the Quantity of Wheat so to be ascertained and let forth as aforesaid, according to such average Price as shall from Time to Time be ascertained pursuant to the Directions of this Act which said Rents, or Sums of Money, lha I for ever afterwards, in Manner herein-after mentioned, be payable and paid to the said James Thomas Alien, and his Successors, Rectors ot Shot Jon aforesaid, by equal Quarterly Payments in every Year for ever, at or upon the 1 wenty-fitth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth-Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December, free and ciear from all Deductions whatsoever, (except the Land-Tax and any l ax upon Property or Income), the fir It Paymenc whereof shall grow due and be made on the First of the said Days which shall happen next after the Execution of the said Award, or on such earlier quarterly Day of Payment as me laid Commissioners shall, by any Writing under their Hands, direct and appoint; and allTythes, as well Great as Small, arising and growing due and payable from and out of or for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Parish of Sbobdon, and all other Tythes payable therein, shall cease and determine on such of the aforesaid quar-teily Days of Payment as shall next precede the Days on which the First Payment of the said yearly Rents or Sums shall become due and payable as aforesaid, and shall be from thenceforth for ever extinguished; but Eajicr Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees (halinot be prejudiced or afleded by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful as well for the said James Thomas Allen, and his Successors, Rectors of Sbobdon aforesaid, as for any One or more of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor and Parish of Sbobdon, assessed to the Poor’s Rates at Fitcy Pounds per Annum, ox upwards, at his or their respective proper Expence, by Writing under his or their respective Hands, to apply at the First or any succeeding Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Hereford, after the Expiration of the Term of Fifteen Years from the Date of the said Award, (having given Notice of such intended Application, by W iting, to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Chu-ch of ibobaon aforesaid, for Two Sundays at the lead preceding such Application),to have Two Persons appointed by the Justices then and there all'embled to be Arbitrators, for enquiring into and ascertaining by, or from, or by Means of, the London Gazette, so long as the Returns of the Average Price of Wheat shall be published therein; and in case of no such Publication, then by such Ways or Means as they shall think equitable or proper, the average Price of a Winchester Bushel of good marketable Wheat, within the said County of Hereford for the Fifteen Years preceding the First Day of January then lait pall; but in case the said Arbitrators Hull not agree in Opinion touching the Matters aforesaid, then the same shall be fixed and settled by some Person to be by the said Arbitrators, by Writing under their Hands appointed Umpire between them, who I) all, by any such Ways and Means aforeiaiJr make his Determination therein } which said Arbitrators, or Umpire, shall, determined by their or his Report, to be nude and delivered to the said Court ot Quarter Sessions to be held next or next but one after the Appointment of the t/- said

49° GEORGII m. Cap. 153. 3*3*

said Arbitrators or Umpire, set forth such average Price; and in care it shall, by fui'h Report, appear that such average Price of a Bushel of Wheat is more or iefs than the average Price thereof set forth in the said Award by the Value of 1 hree-pence or upwards, the said respective yearly Tyihe Rents, or Sums of Money, shall be inqreased or diminished in Proportion; and the exact Amount of the yearly Rents or Sums to which the lame shall severally be so increased or di rriiiished, shall be declared by the Order of the said Court; and the fame shall, from the quarterly Day of Payment preceding such Order, remain and continue ilfiiing and payable as aforesaid out of the Lands and Estates charged by the said Award with such respective yearly Tythe Rents, or Sums of Money, until the fame shall, at the End of Fifteen Years then next en-suing, be again liable to be varied; and it is hereby enacted that the same shall be liable to be varied at the End of such Term of Fifteen Years, by such Application, and in such Manner as herein-before mentioned, and so from Time to Time at the End of Fifteen Years for ever: Provided always, that in case the said Arbitrators, or Umpire, shall not make such Report as aforesaid within the Time aforesaid, the said Court of Quarter Sessions is hereby authorized and required to make such Orders, and take such Proceedings, as shall be requisite and necessary lor carrying the Intentions of this Act into full Effect.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said James Thomas Allen, pow(.r t<) en. and Ins Successors, Redors oh Shobdon aforesaid, and the respective foice Pay-Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any such Rector, shall and ment ot Corn may respectively. have and exercise such and the fame Powers and Rr®nt*’aond t Remedies lor recovering his or their respective Shares or Proportions parts to be of the fame yearly Rents or Sums, when the fame respectively shall be paid up to in Arrear, together with the Costs and Charges thereby to be incurred, I^ath, Cef-as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are cr shall be provided

or given to Landlords for Recovery of Rents in Arrear; and that upon the Death, Cession, Resignation, or Removal ot every Reder of Shobdon aforesaid, a full and proportionate Part of the current quarterly Payment of the said yearly Rents or Sums, shall be payable to, and received, and recoverable by every such Rector, his Executors and Ad-mimstrators, to the Day of the Death, Ceffton, Resignation, or Removal, ot every such Rector.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power to ap-to and for the Owner or Owners, for the Time being, of all or any portion Corn Part of the Estates which shall be severally charged with the said yearly *?".*? on * Rents or Sums of Money, or any apportioned Part or Parts thereof, respectively, in pursuance of the Powers hereby given, upon a Division

thereof respectively, either by Sale or otherwise, (except by Lease. at Rack Rent), to apportion and charge each and every Part of the Ellate or Estates so divided with a due and fai- Proportion of ilie yearly Rents charged thereon rdpedivciy, having due Regard to the Chiantity of Acres therein; and the Power herein-before given and provided for the Recovery of the said yearly Rents shall continue and remain over the whole, and every or any Part of the Elfate or Estates which shall be chatged therewith, until such Division of the said Estate or Estates and Apporfionment of the said yearly Rents shall be made known to the Rector ot Shobdon aforesaid, and likewise to the Bishop of Hereford, for the Time being, by Notice in Writing, setting lotih the Division of

JIJ5 49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 153-

such Estate and Estates, and the yearly Rents to be charged on each Division; and until a Duplicate of such Notice shall he delivered to the Register of the Diocele ot Hereford, who shall duly record the Duplicate o! such Notice, (for which a Sum not exceeding 1 wo Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid)-, and a Copy of such Duplicate, signed by the Register or his Deputy, (for which Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be [laid), shall at all Times be deemed and taken to be legal Evidence thereof; and from and after such Notice and Duplicate thereof shall be delivered as aforesaid, the Power herein-before given and provided for recovering the said yearly Rents shall no longer exce d to the whole of the said Estate or Estates, but shall also become apportioned and shall apply only to each particular Rent so apportioned, and to the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be charged with the Payment thereof upon such Division ns af >resaid: Provided always, that if the Lord Bishop of Herejord, or the Rector of Shobdon aforesaid, for the Time being, shall fee Cause to disapprove of any such Apportionment of the said yearly Rents, or any of them, and shall within One Calendar Month after any such Notice as aforesaid shall have been eceived, and such Duplicate thereof shall have been delivered to the Register of the Diocese of Hereford, as aforesaid, signify such Dif.ipprobation by Notice in Writing, to be delivered to the said Register for the Time being; then and in every such Case, the inrended Apportionment referred to by such last-mentioned Notice shall be null and void; and the said Register (or the Time being shall and he is hereby required to record every such Notice of Dilapprobation, together with the Duplicate of the Notice of the Apportionment to which it shall refer.

Schedules of XXIII. And, in order to facilitate the future Collection of the said Eft.itestobe yearly Rents or Sums, and to prevent any Difficulty arising by the more’e^ thC ^lv‘^on of any Estate by Sale or otherwise, be it further enacted, That Collecti'cn of said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make or Corn Rents, cause to be made Two complete Schedules or Descriptions of each and every Estate within the said Manor and Parish of Shobdon, with the Names of the Owners thereof, the e*ad Measure in Acres, Roods, and Perches, the yearly Rents or Sums issuing out of each Estate, and the Quantity of Wheat which is to govern each of the said Rents respectively, and such other Requisites as shall be judged proper and necessary by the said Commissioners to render every Measure respecting the said yearly Rents clear and plain in future; one of which Schedules or Descriptions shall be annexed to the said Award, and the other shall be signed by the said Commissioners and deposited in the Office of the Registry of the Diocese of Hereford.

Allotments

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall for M>terials and may, and they are hereby authorized and required (after making for Roads. the necessary Drains, and setting out the Roads and Ways dirrded and authorized to be made and set out by the said recited Act and b\ this Act) to allot and award unto the Surveyors of the Highways, in the said ‘ever.d and respective Parishes of Shobdon, Ayme/irey, and Ungen, and their Successors respectively, such Parcel or Pi'eels of Laud, Part of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, not exceeding in the Whole One Acre within each of the said Manors of Shobdon, Aymestrey, and Lingen, as they the said Commissioners shall think most proper /or »he

5 Egging

3{37'

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

digging for and gettin? of Stone, Gravel, and other Materials, for the Repaiis of the Highway and publick and private Roads within the said several Manors respectively, and for iucti other> Uses and Purpose? as the said Commissioner* shall direct; and the Herbage and Produce of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land, shall be awarded to such Person or Persons, and for such Purposes as the said Commissioner* shall, in and by their Award, order and direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Allotment to shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to let out and

allot unto and for the said James Thomas Alien, and his Successors, Common Rectors of Shobdon aforesaid, for the Time being, such Plot or Plots Right, if any of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed within the said Manor and Parish of Shobdon, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be a full Equivalent and Compensation for such Rights of Common, in, over, and upon the fame Lands and Grounds, if any, as they shall adjudge him to be entitled to.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Allotments to shall and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award, to Lord of and for the said William Hanbury, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor*, respective Manors, for the Time being, such Part and Parts of the

Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed within the said several Manors respectively, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be equal in Value to One-sixteenth Part of all the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manors respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Allotment of shall immediately after making such Allotments as herein-before are Residue-directed to be made, divide, set out, allot, and award all the Residue

of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a fair, just, and reasonable Compensation and Satisfaction for their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Incerefts therein.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Meeting for said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Shares, Rights, Objection* to and Interests of the said Proprietors, in the Lands and Grounds to be Allotment*; divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act; and also the respect ®bj^' tive Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such determined Proprietors respectively, in lieu thereof, and such proposed Allotment by Commis-or Allotments, shall be flaked and marked out; they, the said Commis- f10rwr* sioners, shall hold a Meeting at some convenient Time and Place, when

and where the Proprietors may be informed of such intended Allotments, and fee the Scheme thereof set out and delineated upon a Map to be produced for their Inspection; and if any of the said Proprietors shall, upon such Inspection, be dissatisfied with any of the proposed Allotments, the said Commissioner* shall, at such Time and Place as last aforesaid,

[Loc. b* Per.j 35 C or

3138

For fencing Allotments.

Gaps to be left.

To fence again!! Lambs, Sheep, and Goats.

Proprietors may fell Allotments before Award and Common Rights separate

49° GEORGII III. Cap. *53.

or at some other Time and Place, to be appointed by them for that Purpose, receive Statements, i:s Writing, of the Complaints and Objections of any Proprietor or Proprietors, against any such Allotments, and shall forthwith, or as soon after as conveniently may be, determine the fame, and such Determination being teduced into Writing, and signed by them, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Patties interested in any such Allotment or Allotments.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments which shall or may be set out and awarded to the said James '■Thomas Allen, and his Successors, Rectors of Sbobdon aforesaid, shall be inclosed and fenced on all such Parts and Sides as shall not be directed by the said Commissioners to be made and maintained by any other Proprietor or Proprietors, with Ditches, Quickfst Hedges, or other proper Mounds and Fences, and with proper Ports, Rails, or other Guard Fences to such new made Hedges, by and at the Expence of such of the other Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall direct; and all the said Boundary Ditches, Hedges, and Fences, shall, at all Times thereafter, be maintained and repaired by and at the Expence of the Owners for the Time being, of the Lands and Grounds to which they shall be respectively allotted or directed to belong; and the several other Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, at the Expence of the respective Proprietors to whom such Fences shall be allotted or directed to belong, with Quicksets, or in such other Manner, and within such Times as the said Commissioners shall by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint.

XXX. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the said Fences and Inclosures, for such Space of Time next ensuing the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, for the Passage of Carts, Carriages, and Cattle, as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their said Award, direct and appoint.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Lambs, Sheep, or Goats shall be depastured in any of the said intended new Inclosures, during the Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, unless the Persons respectively so depasturing or keeping Lambs, Sheep, or Goats, do, at their own Expence, effectually guard and fence their Neighbours Quicksets adjoining to such Inclosures respectively, in which Lambs, Sheep, or Goats shall be depastured or kept as aforesaid, so as to prevent any Damage or Injury from being done to such Fence or Fences, and Quickiets, by any such Lambs, Sheep, or Goats.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments by virtue of this Act, to give, grant, bargain, fell, demise, limit, convey and assure the fame, for all or any Part of his, her, or their Estate or Interest therein, or Right thereto, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the Commissioners; and every such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise, Limitation, Conveyance and Assurance, shall be of the fame

Force

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and also thar it shall and may be lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, f parare and distinct from the Estate in Right of which he or she is entitled to the fame, in such Manner as he or file might have done at_any Time after the Execution of the said Award,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Quit-Rents, or other Rents, Hereditaments, Old Inclosures or Allotments, within the said several Manors of Shobdon, Aymejirey, and Lingen respectively, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Manors respectively, or within any adjoining Manors, Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places respectively: Provided, that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared or contained in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such O^ner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, Fee Tail General or Special, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Owners or Proprietors as aforesaid who, at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself; such Consent to be testified under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hand or Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church or Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate; nor of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments holden by Lease for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, without the Cor.sent, testified as aforesaid, of the Person or Persons seized of or entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Remainder, expectant on the Determination of such Lease or Leases.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Cost?, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Partition or Exchange, shall be borne and defrayed by the respective Parties making such Partition and Exchange, distinct and apart from the other Expences attending the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

3J 3 9

Exchange;-

Expences of Exchanges.

3*4-0

Allotment!

to be of fame Tenure as the Estates in Right whereof they are made.

Allotments and Exchanges rot to affect Settlements but to go to the same Uses.

Separate Allotments for separate Titles.

49° GEORG 11 HI. Cap:iS3>

XXXV. And be it further enacted,;ThataHL»hds and Groliud* which shall be allotted, by virtue of this and the said recited Act, to any rerson cr Persons, for or inrespectofany Leasehold MdTuages, Cottages, Lanusor Grounds,

or for or in respect of any Right of Common or any other Right orlnterclt appurtenant or appendant toanyfuft^LeafeholdMefluages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds respectively, shall, from and after the Ext-cution oi t tie Award of the said Commissioners, be deemed and taken to be Leasehold, and shall be held as such byandunderthefameTenures, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs and Services.as the Leasehold MdTuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds respectively, for or in respect whereof they shall or may be allotted, are now held; and the said Commissioners shall, by their Award, determine and de feribe the Lands and Grounds respectively, which are to be or remain Leasehold; and all other Lands or Grounds, to be alloted, by virtue of tills Act, save and except such as shall be ascertained by the said Commissioners to be Leasehold, shall be, from theucefcrth, deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold MdTuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, subject, nevertheless to such Free Rents as are now payable out of the respective Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, for or in respect whereof they shall or may be allotted.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall revoke, make void, alter, or annul, any Will or Settlement of or concerning any of the Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or prejudice any Person having any Claim or Interest in, to, or out of the fame; but the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall, upon the Allotment and Exchange thereof, respectively go and remain to the same Uses, upon the lame Trulls, and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and be under and subject to the fame Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Conditions, Co. venants. Agreements, Debts, Charges, Incumbrances, and ProvilTons of every Kind, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be respectively allotted and exchanged w ould stand, or be limited to or upon, or be subject to, if such Allotment or Exchange had not been made, or this Act had not passed; except as to such Leases or Agreements for Leases at Rack Rent or from Year to Year, as shall be determined by virtue of this Act, or where any of the Provisiom of the said recited Act, or of this Act, shall be to the contrary; and also except such Charges and Incumbrances as shall be made thereon by virtue of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Pro. piietors of any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, shall hold his or their respective Mates under various Titles, the said Commissioners shall, upon the Request of such respective Proprietors in Writing under their Hands, set out and dillinguish in their said Award dillinct and several Allotments for the Lands or other Hereditaments held under each Title; and where from the Want of the necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall omit diferiminating as aforesaid such different Titles, and within Twelve Calendar Months after making the said Award, Request shall be made to the said Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands to have such Omiffian sup-pliedby a separate Instrument; then and in every such Case, the said Com-

1 midonert

314-1

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

missioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and act as if the Award had not been made; and when they (halt have obtained what they shall think sufficient Information, are hereby also authorized, by any Deed or Instrument under their Hands and Seals to ascertaiu and distinguish the various Titles, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required, where such Dif-ctimation shall be contained in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument, after having been duly executed by the fai l Commissioners shall have the fameEffeft as if it was contained in the said Award, and shall be delivered to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Preniiles in Question shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, moll properly belong for the Time being j and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such supplemental Indrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Person or Persons who shall have so requelled the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Admi-niltrators.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease or Leases, or Agreements for Leafesat Rack Rent, and from Year to Year, now subsisting of all or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or which shall be exonerated from Tythes, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, and of all Messuages, Homefleads, and Old Inclosures fuuate within the said several Manors respectively, which are let therewith respectively, shall immediately from anJ after dividing, allotting, exonerating, and exchanging the fame Lands and other Hereditaments respectively, or at such other lime or Times as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, direct, cease, determine, and be void; and the respective Owners of such Lands or Hereditaments shall make such Satisfaction or Compensation to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, for the Lot's or Damage he, (lie, or they respectively shall thereby fultain, and in such Manner as such Owners and the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants respectively shall agree upon, or in case they shall disagree, then as the said Commissioners shall order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants respectively on account thereof; and in case the Money directed to be paid by the said Commissioners on the Account aforesaid shall not be paid at the Time by them appointed, the same shall be recoverable at the Suit of the Person or Persons respectively to whom tile fame shall be directed to be paid, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Protection, Essoign, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; provided that if there shall be any such Lease or Leases as aforesaid of Lands, Part whereof shall be within any of the aforesaid Manors of Sbcbden, Aymatrey, and Lingen, and Part in any adjoining Manor or Parish, a'l and every such Lease and Leases may be vacated in Manner aforesaid; but where any Lands, or other Hereditaments included in any such Lease as aforesaid, shall be taken in Exchange by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act, which shall be wholly fuuate in an adjoining Parish, such last-mentioned Lease shall not be vacated.

ILoc. & Per.J 35 D XXXIX. And

Power to vacate Leases at Rack licet*

y 4-5

Commission-rrs t-. direct the Ccairfeof Hufbaudry.

Proprietor, whole Allotments shall have b en ploughed,

See to make Satisfaction.

Award.

Er pences of p?fnng and

executing this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. T53.

XXXIX. And be it further erased. That in ihr mean 'lime and until such Diviiiotts and Allotments shall be made as atortsaid, all the Tillage, Failure, and other Lai ds hereby d reded to be divided and incloleo, shall be flocked with such Cattle, and lown by the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, with such S irt o 1 Corn or Grain, and shall be kept, ordered, and continued in tuch Course of Hufba dry as the said Commissioners, by any Writing or Writings urder their Hands in that Behalf, ti all award, order, direct, or appoint; any Usage or Custom of stockirg or lowing to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no Meadows, Failures, or Freffi Grounds, Part of the Lards and Grounds hereby di-redey to be divided andinciofed, and not now in T illage, shall before that Time be ploughed, broken up, or converted into Tillage.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several Proprietors, whose Allotments on the said Division and Inclosure shall have been ploughed, Town, or matured by Direction of the said Commissioners, shall pay unto the several Persons who (trail have ploughed, sown,or manured the fame, such several and respective Sums of Money, and at such Times as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and by any Writing under their Hands shall ascertain, order, and direct; and in case any of the said Sums of Money shall not be paid at the Time so ordered by the said Commissioners, the lame shall be raised, levied, and recovered in such Manner as is provided foi raisirg, levying, and recovering the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, in cale of Negltcl or Kefulal to pay the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the General Award, to be made by the said Commissioners pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty-full Year ofllis p elent M.ij* llv’s Reign, and this Act, shall be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace lor the County of Hereford, within Six Calendar Months after the f xeeution thereof by the said Commissioners, or so soon after as conveniently may be, and the said Original Award, and such Plans or Surveys may be annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposed in the Parish Church of H/joedon aforesaid, to the End th t Re-course may be had thereto, by any Person or Persons mtereded in the said Pivssion and Inclosure, which said Award and Plans, and every other Writing and Indrument, to be lodged with the said Award, Ihdl and may be inspected at all reasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice given by the Party requiring such Inspection.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Fx-pences of soliciting and passing of tbh Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, and valuing, as well the said Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted as the said inclosed Lands and H redi-tamerits hereby directed to be exonerated from Tythes; and of dividing and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wades and other C' mmonable Lands and Grounds, and of forming and making the public Roads, public or common Drains, S.-wers, Watercourses, Watering Places for Cattle, Wells, Bridges, and other Conveniences, which ffin 1 be set out by virtue of the said recited Act or this A cl, and of preparing and enrolling the said Award, and all other the Cods, Charges, and Expences of the said Commissioners, a d of the several Persons employed by them, ei her before or alter the Execution of the said Award,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

m, about, or concerning the Execution of this Act, and rot hc’vii otherwise directed to be paid, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by all the Owners of, or Persons interested in, as well the said Open and Common 1-iel, s. Commons, Walles, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which fh.dl be respectively exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act (except the said jernes ‘Ibomas Alien, and his Successors, Rest rs of Shobdon atorela.d,) in Proportion, as near as may he, to their respective Estates and Intereffs (due regard being had to hhe Expences occasioned by each Person’s Etfate, and also the Value and Improvement thereof); and the Shares and Proportions of the said Colls, Charges, and Expences to be borne by the said respective Owners and Persons inte-relted, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Doer of each of the said Parish Churches of Shobdon, Aymejlrcy, and Lingen; and in case any Person or Persons shall refule or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, according to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and may raise and levy the same by such Remedies, Ways, and Means, as are provided and mentioned in and by the said Act of the Forty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That any Money which shall be ad- , Mone vanced or lent for the Purpose of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be advanced for repaid, with lawful Interest, to the Person or Persons who shall advance the passing of or tend-the fame, his Executors, Administrators, or Assign% out of the the to be fit (I Modes which shall be raised for defraying the Expences of passing j^erect.1 and executing tiffs Ac

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the re- Power to spective Proprietors and Person' seized or entitled for any Life or Lives, bo:row o! Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, or for any Ellate of Free-hold or Inheritance less than an Ellate in Fee Simple, of or to any Linds, pence*. Tenements, or Hereditaments, hereby directed or authorized to be divided or allotted, or any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be exonerated from Tythes, or exchanged in pursuance of this Act, and for the Ht fbands Guardians, Trullees, Committees, or Attornies, ol any such Proprietors and Persons interested, being Fetne^ Covert, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for the Helves (except the Rector of Shobdon aforesaid for the Time being), ar any Times either before or after the Execution of the said Award, with the Content of the Commissioners in Writing under their Hands, to charge such respective Lands. Tenements, Hereditaments, and Allotments, as aforesaid, x>r any of them, or any Pan or Parrs thereof, respectively, with any Suin or Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds an Acre, which shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been paid, laid out, and expended determined by them the said Proprietors respectively, or by their respective Direction, for inclosing, ditching, hedging, and fencing their respective Allotments as aforesaid, and for their respective Proportions 01 the Expences of piliing this Act, and carrying the

lame

3H4

Power for certain 1'er-jo 8 to fell Lands to detray Ex-

peocc*.

4-9f GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

fame into Execution, or which shall he lent or advanced by any other Person or Persons, at the Rcqnest of such Propiietois. and paid to such Person or Persons as the said Comrv.ilhoners shall appoint, in order to be applied and cifoofed of for the Purposes aforesaid, with lawful Iiiterelt for such Sum or Sums of Money; and for the better securing the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, to convey in the Way of Mortgage, without Impeachment of Waste, such respective Lands, lc-nemenrs. Hereditaments, and Allotments, as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall respectively lay out and expend such Sum or Sums of Money, or so cause the lame to be laid out and expended, or to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators shall reflectively appoint; so as every such Conveyance by Way ot Mortgage as aforesaid, be made with a Proviso that no Person in Remainder or Re-version, who shall become entitled in Possession to the Hereditaments and Premises therein comprised, shall be liable to pay any further or 'larger Arrear of Imereti on the Money lo iecuved, than for Six Calendar Months preceding the Time at which the Title to such Puflelfion shall have commenced; and every such Conveyance by Way of Mortgage, as shall be made in purfuar.ee of this Act, either before or alter the Execution of the said Award, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for (he Purposes thereby intended.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on Application being made to them in Writing by any of the Husband-, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, of or for any of the said Proprietors or Persons interested in the Premises, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or by the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies respectively, or by any of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, ana inclosed, or any Part thereof, who are or shall be Tenant or Tenants in Tail, or for any Life or Liver, or on any other Contirmency, or determined by any Trustees or Feoffees for any charitable, parochial, or other Uses, or a competent Number of such Trustees or Feoffees, or the major Part of them respectively, or by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively for the Time bring, in resptft of any Land held determined by them upon Trustfcr any charitable, parochial, or othet Uses, to fell any Part of the Allotment or Allotments to be made fVcm or out of any of the said Lantfs and Grounds, by virtue of this Act, to such incapacitated Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons. by whom or on whose Behalf any such Application shall be made as aforesaid, for the Purpose of railing a Sum of Money fumcient to defray the respective Shares ami Proportions of the Goffs, Charges, and Expellees of obtaining and passing tiffs Act, and executing the said recited Act and thi-. Act, which shall be charged upon, or payable by such in-capacited Proprietors or other Person or Persons respectively, and of fencing, incloCng, and subdividing his, her, or their Allotment or AL Ioniums, and of making and completing such Sale; and such Sale shall be made by the iaid Comm (lionets in such and the same Manner, and (object to such and the like Rules and Regulations as are mentioned and prescribed in and by the hid recited Act, in respect to the Sale of any Lauds authorized to be sold for paying the Expences of obtair.in ? and carrying into Execution any Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing

any

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 153. 31*5

any Lands and Grounds; and each and every Allotment, for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid, shall be conveyed by the said Commissioners, at the Expence of such Purchaser or Purchasers, unto and to the Use of or in Trust for such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, or their Heirs respectively, or as he, she, or they shall appoint, and shall be mclosed and held by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively in Severalty; and the Receipt of the said Commissioners shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the said Purchase Money, which shall be applied by the said Commissioners in or towards defraying such last-mentioned Costs, Charges, and Expences; and if any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Commissioners, such Surplus shall be divided and apportioned between the several Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, in such Shares as shall be in Proportion to their respective Property and Interest therein; and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple,

shall be paid to them respectively, or to their respective Husbands,

Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, and the Shares of the other Proprietors and Persons of and in such Surplus Money, shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money which is thereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England, for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to belaid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as therein mentioned:

Provided always, that no such Sale shall be made of any Land allotted in respect of an Estate holden by Lease for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, without the Consent, in Writing, of the Person or Persons seized of or entitled to such Lands in Remainder, expectant on the Determination of such Lease: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful to raise by such Sale, any further or greater Sum of Money than the Person or Persons, Part of whose Allotment or Allotments shall be sold as aforesaid, would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her, or their Estate or Estates, under or by virtue of this Act: Provided also, that in all Cases where any Land shall be deducted from the Allotment of any of the said Proprietors or Persons towards Payment of Expences as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Proprietor or Person from whose Allotment Land shall be deducted as aforesaid, to charge his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act, with any Money towards Payment of such Expences.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall CoTimiflio*-and they are hereby respectively required to keep, or cause to be kept, a ers to ac" just and true Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which shall Cuunt* be raised, or received, and laid out or expended by them or their Order, or for their Use, under or by virtue or in Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due and owing to them for their Trouble and Expences; and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, and such Accounts shall, at least once in every Year from the paffiag of this Act till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and settled by Thomas Coleman, of Leominster, in the said County of Hereford, Ei'qu e, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose; and in case of hU Death or [Lee. & Per.J 35 £—F Refusal

.314-6

Power to appeal.

4-9' GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

R efufal to act, by such other fit and proper Person as shall be appointed Auditor in his Stea i, by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, at a Meeting; to be holden in like Manner as is herein-before directed, with relped to the Meeting of the said Proprietors, for the Purpose of appointing a Commissioner in the Place of the said John Harris; and such Auditor, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time state, in Writing under his Hand, the Balance of the said Accounts in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Chirge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Auditor, and also that such Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissionen, and shall be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents at ail seasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been finally settled and allowed; and in case the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall refute or neglectfo to do, the Commissioner or Commissioners, and Clerk respectively, so refusing or neglecting, shall for every such Re* fulal or Neglect forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the same the Sum oi Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Personsffiall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, or of this Act, (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things as are by the said Act, or this Act, directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, the Determination, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are directed to be final and conclusive), he, she, or they may appeal to any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Hereford, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Notice in Writing, of every such Appeal, by affixing such Notice, expressing the Cauie of Complaint, upon the principal Door of such of the said Parish Churches of Sbobdon, Aymejlrey, or Lingers, as shall be appropriate, Fourteen Days at least before such General or Quarter Sessions; and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions or at any subsequent General or Quarter Sessions to which the said Justices shall adjourn any such Appeal, either for the Want of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, or for any other Cause, which to the said Justices shall seem a sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeals, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Costs, as to them in their Discretion, shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and the Order and Determination of the said Justices, upon such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any Process or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

XLVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, and declared, That nothing herein contained shall any otherwise prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said William Banbury, or the Lord or Lords of the Manors of Sbobdon, Aymestrey, and Lingen, for the Time being, of, to, or in any Royalties, Franchises, Privileges, Courts, Escheats, Forfeitures, Services, Rights, or Appurtenances whatsoever, incident or belonging to the said Manors respectively, than as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure and Allotments hereby authorized to be made shall absolutely require.

Xl.IX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land or other Compensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure hereby authorized to be made shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by this Act), all such Estates, Rights, and Interests, as they or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, and to, or in respect of the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

3H7

Saving

Manorial

Right*.

General

Saving.

[Publick Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 154.

An Act for inclosing Goring Common or Goring Heath, and certain Waste Lands in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Common or Heath called Goring Common or Goring Heath, with other Waites and Waite Land in the Parish of Goring, confilts of One thousand one hundred Acres of Land, or thereabouts, and is situate, lying, and being, in an uncultivated State, in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford: And whereas John Bunce, Henry Harding, and William Morland, Esquires, as Trustees of the Almihouse and Estate at Goring aforesaid, devised by the Will of Henry Alnut Esquire, are Lords of the Manor of Goring, and as such are entitled to the Right of the Soil of such Part of the said Common Heaths, Waites, and Waste Grounds as is not situate within the Manors of the Priory and Jlving/on, otherwise Elvendon, or claimed to be in the Manor of Gate-bampton, in the said Parish, and as such they are also entitled to the Furze, young 'frees. Timber, Underwood, and other Produce growing and being thereon, which are of great Value: And whereas Philip Lybbe Powys Esquire, is Lord of the Manors called the Priory and llvington, otherwise Elvendon, within the Parish of Goring aforesaid, and as such is entitled to the Right of the Soil of such Part of the Common or Heath, Waites, and Waste Grounds aforesaid, as are situate within the said iait-mentioned Manors, and to the Furze, young Trees, T’imber, Underwood, and other Produce growing and being thereon, which are also of considerable Value: [Loe. isf Per.] 33 G And

3*54

-41G.3-c. 109.

Commissioners.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

And whereas Ann Warwick Widow claims that there is, within the said Parish of Goring, a Manor called Gatehampton Manor, and that she is the Lady thereof, and as fitch is entitled to the Right of the Soil of such Pait of the Common or Heath, Wastes, and Waste Grounds aforesaid, as are situate within the said last-mentioned Manor, and to the Furze and young Trees, Timber, Underwood, and other Produce growing and being thereon: And whereas the said Philip Lybbc Powys is entitled to the Tythes, both Great and Small, arising front his Farm and Land in the said Parish, called Haw Farm, and to Right of Common upon the said Common and Heath Land in respect thereof: And whereas Robert Sherson Esquire, and others, are Owners of certain Portions of Tythes arising from certain Farms and Lands in the said Parish: And whereas John Nicholls Esquire is Owner of the Rectory Impropriate of Goring aforesaid, and as such is entitled to the Residue of all Tythes, both Great and Small, arising or renewing, or which may arise or renew, in, upon, from, or out of the said Common Heath, Wastes, and Waite Ground in respect thereof: And whereas the said John Bunce, Henry Harding, and William Mor land, as Trustees as aforesaid, and the said Philip Lybbe Powys, John Nicholls, and divers other Persons, are seised of, interested in, or otherwise entitled unto, the Rights of Common in, upon, and over the said Common Heath, Wades, and Waste Ground: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclufure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the everal Fadls usually required on the passing of such Acts And whereas it would be very advantageous to the Publick, and also to the Lords and Lady of the said Manors, and to the said John Nicholls, and the several other Persons interested in the said Common or Heath, Waites, and Waste Ground, that such Common or Heath and Waste Ground should be divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to them respectively, according to their several and respective Rights and Intereds therein; and that the Whole of such Common or Heath, and Waste Ground should be allotted and indoied free and discharged from all Tythes and Tenths whatsoever, as well Great as Small, and, to effect that Object, that a certain Quantity of Laud (Part of the said Common or Heath, and Waste Ground) should be allotted to the said John Nicholls, and Philip Lybbe Powis, Robert Sherson, and others, as a Commutation for and instead of such their respective Tythes: Rut such Object cannot be obtained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Davis ot Bloxham, in the County of Oxford, Gentleman, and William Bushnell of Aston Tirreld, in the County of Berks, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of valuing, dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the said Common or Heath called Gor.ng Heath, and other Wastes and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish of Go/ing, and for putting this Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after contained, and also subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions contained in the said recited Act, so far as the same are not varied or altered by this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i 5+.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or their Successors to be appointed as herein-after is mentioned, shall disagree in Opinion touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done and performed by them in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, then and in every inch Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and their Successors, and they are hereby directed and required, with all convenient Speed after such Disagreement or Difference of Opinion shall happen, to nominate and appoint some Third Person, (not interested in the Premises), and refer the Matter thereof to him as an Umpire for settling and determining such Disagreement or Difference of Opinion, and the Determination of such Umpire in the Premises shall be binding and conclusive unto and upon all Parties, so far as the Determination of the said Commissioners is made binding and conclusive by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act; and all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or necessary to be done in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, may, in case of such Disagreement or Difference of Opinion, be done and performed by any One of them the said Commissioners, or their Successors jointly with such Umpire, and the same shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by both of them the said Commissioners or their Successors.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner, or as an Umpire, in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following, (that is to say);

* TA.D. do swear, (or, being One of the People called Quakers, do ‘ solemnly affirm). That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially, 4 according to the befl of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the 4 Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner, or Umpire, ‘ (as the Case may be), by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-ninth

* Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act \_here set 4 forth the Title of this Act], according to Equity and good Conscience, 4 and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice, or Partiality to any Person 4 or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for either of the said Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same; and such Oath or Affirmation, when so taken and subscribed by such Commissioners and Umpire, shall be annexed to and enrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said John Davis, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him or them shall be fully performed, then it shall be lawful for the said John Bunce, Henry Harding, and William Morland, as Trustees as aforesaid, their Successors or Assigns, from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to nominate and appoint some other proper Person to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of the said John Davis, or such Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as aforesaid j and in

case

3155

For Appointment of an Umpire.

Umpire to take an Oath.

Oath.

New Commissioner* to be chosen on Death or Re. fufal to act.

3*5^ 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

case the said William Bushnell, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, before the Powers mid Authorities hereby verted in him or them shall be fully performed, then it shall be lawful, so often as the same shall happen, for the said Philip Lybbe Powys, or his Heirs, and the Majority in Value of the other Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Common Heath, W actes, and Waite Ground intended by this A<T to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, exclusive of the said Trustees, or to and for their known Agents or Attornies, who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose at some convenient Place within the Dirtance herein-aher mentioned, in the said County of Berks or Oxford, in pursuance of publick Notice to be given in the Reading Mercury, and by Writing, signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, by their Order, to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the Parish Church of Goring aforesaid, and the Almshouse Chapel there. Ten Days at fealt before such Meeting, by Writing under the Hands of the said Philip Lybbe Powys, and the Majority in Value of such other Proprietors, exclusive of the said Trustees as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commissioner in the Room of the said William Bushnell, or of such other Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as aforesaid; and in Default of Appointment of such new Commissioner or Commissioners in Manner aforesaid for the Space of Thirty Days after every such Vacancy shall happen, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner, and he is hereby required, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint One Commissioner in the Room or Stead of such Commissioner so dying, or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and that such several Writings, appointing such new Commissioner or Commissioners (if any) shall be annexed to and enrolled with the Award to be made by the said Commissioners; and every such new Commissioner shall have the fame Powers and Authorities by virtue of this Act as the Commissioner in whose Room he shall succeed had or would have been inverted with in case such Death, Relufal, or Incapacity to act had not taken place.

Commission- V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ap-ers to appoint point a Clerk or Clerks to assist them in the Execution of this and the said or recited Act, and have hereby Power to remove such Clerk or Clerks, and another or others to appoint in his or their Room, as to them shall feetn meet.

Allowance to

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be paid Commission- Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings each, and no more, for each Duy they shall be employed therein (Days of Travelling from and to their Homes included), the same to be in full Satisfaction for all the Trouble and Exper.ces which they respectively shall be put to in executing the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them; and every Proprietor and other Person interriled in the Execution of this Act, and their Solicitors and Agents, who shall attend any Meeting to be held by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, shall bear and, pay his and their own Expences of such Attendance.

Surveyor.

VII. And be it further enacted, That William Church, of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, Land Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appointed J1 Surveyor

49* GGEORGII HI. Cap. i5 4.

Surveyor to the said Commissioners for making such Survey, Admeasure-ment, or Plan, and reducing the fame into Writing, and specifying and setting forth such Particulars as are in that Behalf directed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, or any other Particulars which the said Commissioners may direct or require; and in case the said William Church shall die, refute, or neglect to act, or be or become incapable of acting, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required and authorized forthwith to elect and appoint another Surveyor in his Stead, and so from Time to Time as often as the Surveyor for the Time being shall die, refuse, or neglect to act, or be or become incapable of acting; and no Person shall act as such Surveyor until he shall have taken and subscri'oed the Oath or Affirmation required by this Act to be taken and subscribed by the Commissioners, substituting Surveyor" for that of " Commissioner which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or either of them, are hereby authorized and required to administer; and the said Oath or Affirmation, so taken and subscribed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, shall be annexed to and enrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to give public Notice by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Goring, and Chapel of the Alms-house there, upon some Sunday immediately preceding Divine Service, and also by Advertisement in some Weekly Newspaper, circulated within the said County of Oxford, of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for executing the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them, Ten Days at the lealt before any such Meeting shall be held (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) j and that the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time adjourn such Meetings to such Time and Place as they shall think proper for the further Execution of this Act; and that if at any Meeting appointed to be held by the said Commissioners it shall happen that only One of them shall attend such Meeting, such One Commissioner may adjourn such Meeting; and if no Commissioner shall attend, it shall be lawful for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners in like Manner to adjourn such Meeting to such Time or Place as such Commissioner or Clerk respectively Audi think moll convenient, causing Notice of such Adjournment to be given to the absent Commissioners or Commissioner: Provided always, that all the Meetings for executing the Powers of this and the said recited Act shall be held within Eight Miles of the said Parish of Goring.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requiftte to be made and given by the said Commissioners shall be so made and given by Writing, to be signed by their Clerk or Clerks, by their Oruer, and affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Goring, and Alms-house Chape! there, and by Advertisements in the Reading Mercury or Oxford Journal.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be ir.terefled in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching or concerning their respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have of and in the same, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said intended Division, Allotment, and

|\Loc. S35 Per.] 3^ H Inclosure,

3157

CommilCrtR*'

ers to give Notice of Meeting*.

One Com-

mifEoner may a.journ.

Ollier Notices, how to be given.

C( mmission* ers to settle Difference*.

315S 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby-authorized and required* by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, or upon View, or other satisfactory Evidence, to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

Commission-

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, ers to settle Upon the blearing and Determination of any Difference or Dispute, or of Costs- any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or of the said herein-before recited Act, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Colh and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in w’nose Favour any such Deter* mination shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, again!! whom any such Determination as aforesaid shall be made, or whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable and ordered to pay sech Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized or required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting thereout the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Tower to try

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Ann Rights in Warwick, or those claiming under her, shall be dissatisfied with the Award Issue 5) |'?w’ of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching the said Manor of Gate-o. m quny. or jn case any person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, inte.efted in the said Division, All tment, and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest in, over, or upon the Common Heath, Waites, or Waste Ground hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or touching or concerning any other M ater or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure. it shall be lawful for the said Ann Warwick, and such Person or Persons, or 3ody or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law, or in Equity, of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, if at Law at the then next Assizes to be hidden for the said County of Oxford, if the same shall not take place within Three Calendar Months after such Determination, but if the said next Assizes shall happen within Three Calendar Months after such Determination, then at the next or following Assizes after the Expiration of such Three Calendar Months to be holden for the said County; and if by a Suit in Equity,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

the Suit to be commenced within Four Calendar Months after such Determination; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be so diflhtisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, if they shall choose to proceed at Law, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, or if inch Person or Persons shall choose to proceed in Equity, then he, (lie, or they shall cause a Bill in Equity to be filed within Four Calendar Months after such Determination of the Commissioners or Umpire, and in either Cafe shall also, within Forty-two Days after such Determination, give. Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners or Umpire, of his, her, or t’ncir being so dissatisfied; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Aft ions at Law, Suit or Suits in Equity, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, and file Common Bail, or enter an Appearance (as. the Cafe may require), and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, such Issue or Illues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced (in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts, Decree or Decrees which shall be given in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, shall set aside such Vtrdift or Verdicts, Decree or Decrees, and order a new Trial or Hearing to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts, Decree or Decrees shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials, Decree or Decrees: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire touching such Claim or Claims, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to the Parties or Party objecting not causing such Action or Actions at Law, or Suit or Suits in Equity, to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive on all Parties.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons? Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, again!! the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it

shall

3*59

In cases of Deaths of Parties before Actior* or Suits brought, the same to be carried on and defended in their Names,

2i6o 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 54.

shall thereupon alfc be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Pe'Tott or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as afore laid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living •, and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties (except in Cases of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years); but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion again lithe Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law or Equity.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall not abate by real'on thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Death had happened.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That none of the present Roads in, over, or upon the said Common Heath, Wades, and Wade

to be shut up Ground hereby diiefted to be divided and allotted, shall be (hut up and fnom e i C discontinued until the said Commissioners shall have caused the public Roads to be set out in Manner directed by the said recited Act.

Certain En«

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which, by cfbachment* the Inclosure or Fencing of any of the said Common Heath, Waites, and to be deemed Wade Ground shall Lave been made at any Time within Twenty Years land»ftobe before the passing of this Act shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided. divided and allotted accordingly; but any such Inclosure which may have been made for the Space of Twenty Years and upwards, although originally Encroachments, shall be deemed and confuiered as old Inclosures, and not subject to the Powers and Operations of this Act:; and in case any Dispute shall arise touching any such Encroachment or Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said Commissioners.

Allotment for

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Sand or Commissioners and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award, (.ravel Pits. out of the said Common Heath, Waites, and Waste Ground so intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid. One or more Plot or Plots within the said Parish of Ga in*, not exceeding in the Whole Two Acres, as and for public Sand or Gravel-Pits, public Chalk, Marie, Clay or Mortai-Pits, with convenient Ways thereto, to be uied for the Repair of the public and private Roads directed to be nnde within the said Parish, and to award and direct to whom the Herbage of such Allotments shall belong.

10 XIX. And

■Persons in Possession not to be molested without due Course of Xaw.

And if Parties die, Proceedings not to abate.

None of the present Roads

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154. 3161

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotments to they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award unto '^Lord! of and for the said John Bunco, Henry Harding, and William Morland, as t]1<; Manor of Trustees as aforesaid, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, as Lords of- the Goring for Manor of Goring, for and in lieu of their Right to the Soil of such Part of Right of Soil, the said Common and Heath, and Wade Ground as is fuuate within the said Manor, and not in the said Manors of the Priory and llvington, otherwise Elvendon or Gaiehampton (over and besides their Right and Benefit in or to the growing or planting young Trees, Timber, Underwood, Furze, and Fern thereon), such Parcel or Parcels of the said Common or Heath, and Wade Ground by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality,

Situation, and Convenience considered) shall be equal in Value to One Sixteenth Part of all the said Common or Heath, and Wade Ground so intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, lying within the said Manor of Goring, and not. in the said Manors of the Priory or Ihingto*, otherwise Elvendon, or Gaiehampton; and shall also set out, allot, and award unto and for the fame Trustees, for and in lieu of their Right to the planting or growing of young Trees, Timber, Underwood, Furze, and Fern, in, upon, and from the said Common Heath, and Wade Ground within the said Manor (and not in the said other Manors), such further Parcel or Parcels of the said Common or Heath, and Waste Grounds, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Fifth Part of the Residue of the said Common or Heath, and Wade Ground, so intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall not be situate within the said Manor of the Priory or llvington, otherwise Elvendon or Gaiehampton.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotment to they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award, unto the Lord of and for the said Philip Lybbe Powys, or his Heirs as Lords of the said lhe Manors'of Manors of the Priory and llvington otherwise Elvendon, for and in lieu of '.j*1 rl°rY Rnd his Right to the Soil of such Part of the said Common Heath and Waste T"'a •n’ Ground as is within the said Manors of the Priory and llvington otherwise Elvendon, or either of them, (over and besides his Right and Benefit in or to the growing or planting the young Trees, Timber, Underwood, Furze, or Fern thereon), such Parcel or Parcels of the Common or Heath, and Wade Ground hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality, Situation, and Convenience considered), shall be equal in Value to One Sixteenth Part of all the said Common Heath and Waste Ground within the said respective Manors of the Priory and llvington otherwise Elvendon aforesaid respectively; and shall also allot and award unto the said Philip Lybbe Powys, and his Heirs, as Lord of the said Manors of the Priory and living-ton otherwise Elvendon, in lieu of such his Right and Benefit in or to the growing or planting the young Trees, Timber, Underwood, Furze, and Fern thereon, such further Parcel or Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said John Davis only, if living, or in case of his Death, as in tlje Judgement of his Successors, and the said William Bushnell and his Successors, to be appointed as herein-before mentioned, shall be a reasonable Compensation and full Satisfaction for such lad mentioned Right and Bene-[Lec. Ss* PerJ] 35 / fit,

3162

Allotment to the Lady of the Manor of Gatehampton.

Allotment to the Poor for fuel, &c.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

fit, having Consideration and Reference to the comparative Situation and Advantages of the said Manors © (Goring and Gatehampton, and the young Trees, Timber, Underwood, Furze, and Fern planted or growing and being thereon; and the said Manors of the said Philip Lybbe Powys, and the young Trees, Timber, Underwood, Furze, and Fern planted or growing or being thereon, and such Allotment or Allotments lo to be made to the said Philip Lybbe Powys, shall include and comprehend the Land or Grove on his said Manor called the Little Oaks.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in case it shall appear to them there be such Manor of Gatthampton, and that any Part of the said Common Heath and Waste Land be therein, to set out, allot, and award unto and for the Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Gatehampton for the Time being, for and in lieu of his or her Right to the Soil of such Part of the said Common Heath and Waste Lands as is within the said Manor of Gatehampton (over and besides any Right and Benefit in or to the growing or plantin; the young Trees, Timber, Underwood, Furze, or Fern thereon), such Parcel or Parcels of the Common or Heath and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality, Situation, and Convenience considered), shall be equal in Value to One Sixteenth Part of all the said Common Heath and Wade Lands within the said Manor of Gatehampton; and shall also allot and award unto the find Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Gatehampton, in lieu of such his or her Right and Benefit in or to the growing or planting the young Trees, Timber, Underwood, Furze, and Fern thereon, such further Parcel or Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a reasonable Compensation and full Satisfaction for such last-mentioned Right and Benefit, having Regard to the comparative Situation and Advantages of all the said Manors of Goring, and the Priory and Ilvington otherwise Elvendon, and the young Trees, Timber, Underwood, Furze, and Fern planted or growing and being thereon.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners fir all and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award unto the said John Bunce, Henry Harding, and William Morland, as Trustees of the said Alms-house in the Will of the said Henry Alnut Esquire, and their Successors the Trustees in the said Will, for the Time being, for ever, and the said Philip Lybbe Powys, his Heirs and.Assigns, and to the Curate, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Goring aforesaid, and their Successors for the Time being, in One or more Allotment or Allotments, such Part or Parts of the said Common Heath and Waste Ground in the said Parish of Goring, as to them shall appear the most proper, not exceeding Twenty Acres, for the Purpose of producing a Supply of Fuel for the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Gorin*, and which laid Allotment or Allotments, when set out and allotted, shall be veiled in the said Trustees and their Successors for the Time being, and in the said Curate, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Goring aforesaid for the Time being for ever, in Trust for the Benefit of such poor inhabitants in Goring aforesaid who shall not have received any specific

Allotment

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154. 3i63

Allotment under or in pursuance of this Act; and the fame Allotment, so to be made for the Benefit of the Poor, shall be fenced by or by the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners, and the Expences of such fencing shall be paid out of the Money to be raised by Sale oi Land as herein-after mentioned, and the said Allotment shall be under and subject to such Rules,

Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as they the said Trustees or their Successors, and the said Philip Lybbe Powys, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Curate, Churchwardens, and Overseers for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall think proper and just, or shall from Time to Time establfth, vary, or alter, and that it shall not be lawful for any Person whomsoever from and after the setting out the said Allotment or Allotments last aforesaid, to cut, dig, pare, get, or carry away any Turf, Soil,

Sod, Furze, or Euelin, upon, or from the same, or any Part thereof, without the Licence and Consent in Writing of the said Curate, Churchwardens, and Overseers, or the major Pat t of them, under their Hands first had and obtained, (which they the said Curate, Churchwardens, and Overseers, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered to grant, under such Regulations and Restrictions as they shall think proper to ipfert therein); and if any Person shall, after the setting out the said Allotment or Penalty for Allotments as aforesaid, cut, dig, pare, get, or carry away any Turf,

Soil, Sod, Furze, or Fuel, in, upon, or from the same or any Part Licence, thereof, without lpch Licence as aforesaid, or having obtained such Licence shall act in any Manner contrary thereto, or to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions established by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, every such Person being convicted thereof (either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses), before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Oxford (not being interested therein), and which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer, and to fumnton the Person complained of, and also to summon before him and examine any Witness or Witnesses relative to the said Complaint), shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any such Sum of Money as the said Justice shall order and direct, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds; and it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the said Penalty to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending,

(Demand thereof having been first made), rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels when required, and such Penalty, when paid or levied, shall be applied by the said Curate, Churchwardens, and Overseers, or the major Part of them, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said poor Inhabitants of Goring aforesaid, in such Manner as they shall deem proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalty not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Oxford, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment of

and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award J, and for

Tillies, unto

3164 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

unto and for the said John Nicholls and Philip Lybbe Powys, Robert Sherson, and others respectively, in lieu of all Great and Small lithes yearly issuing, arising, or renewing, or which at any Time hereafter other wise ■might or should yearly issue, arise, or renew out of, for, or in refnect of all or any Part of the said Common Heath, and Waite Ground hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and for and in lieu of all^ Modules, and alt Payments and Compositions in lieu of such 1 ithes (if any), such Plot or Plots, or Allotments of the said Common Heath and Waite Ground by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality, Situation and Convenience cnnfidered), shall be, in the Whole, equal in Value to One Ninth Part of the said Common Heath, Waites, and Waite Ground hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, the same to be subdivided between them the said John Nicholls, Philip Lybbe Powys, Robert Sherson and others, by the said Commissioners according to their respective Interests in the fame, and awarded accordingly; and the fame Allotment or Allotments shall and are hereby declared to be in full Satisfaction and D.scharge of and for the said Tithes yearly issuing, arising, or renewing, or which otherwise would yearly issue, arise, renew, or increase from and out of the said Common Heath, Waites, and Waite Ground hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed; and the said Allotment or Allotments of Land, so to be set out and awarded as lait aforesaid, is and are to be wholly fenced at the Colts and Expences of the Parties to whom the fame is so awarded, and not out of the general Fund, or at the Costs and Charges of the Trustees or other Persons interested in the said Liclosure.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said John Nicholls as aforesaid, from the Allotment intended to be made to the said John Bunco, Henry Harding, and William Morland, Trustees as aforesaid (over and above and exclusive of the several Allotments or Allotment herein-before directed to be made to hint the said John Nicholls), such further Allotment and Quantity of the Common Heath and Walle Ground hereby directed to be divided and inclosed for and in lieu of all Tithes, as well Great as Small, issuing, arising, renewing, or increasing out of, upon, or from any of the Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Farms, Lunds, and Premises, <,beirg old Inclosures), of and belonging to the said Trullees in the Parish of Goring aforesaid, and also for or in lieu of any Right or Contingency of Right to any Tithes, either Great or Small, which now do or at any Time hereafter may or might arise from ail or any of the inclosed Woods, Coppices, or Plantations belonging to the said Trullees, situate upon or adjoining the said Common Heath, Wafies, and Walle Ground!, as the Hid Commissioners shall think and adjudge to be a full Compensation for such Tithes, if any shall appear to the said Commissioners to be or hereafter might be (in case the said Woodlands were converted into Tillage or Pasture), justly issuing and payable out of or for such inclosed Woods, Coppices, or Plantations as aforesaid: Provided always, that the said Allotment or Allotments so to be made and set out to the said John Nichol/s for his Tithes as herein-before mentioned, is or are to be wholly fenced at the Costs and Expences of him the said John Nicholls, and not at the Colls and Charges of the said Trullees, or other Persons interfiled in the said Inclosure.

Allotments in lieu of the Tithe» of ancient Inclosures in Goring.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154. 3*65

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds so to be Lands let out set out, allotted, and awarded to the said John Nicholls for and in lieu of

all Tithes, as well Great as Small, ilfuing, arising, renewing, or increas- &c. to be la’. ing out of, upon, or from any of the Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, tied 'o the Orchards, Farms, Lands, and Premises (being old Inclosures) of and lameUfes. belonging to the said Trustees in the Parish of Goring aforesaid, and also for and in lieu of any Right or Contingency of Right to any Tithes, either Great or Small, which now do or at any Time hereafter may or might arise from all or any of the inclosed Woods, Coppices, or Plantations belonging to the said Trustees, situate upon or adjoining the said Common Heath and Waste Ground as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and allured to, for, and upon such and the fame Estates, Uses, Trulls, Limitations, Intents, and Purposes, as such Great and Small Tithes respectively shall Hand limited, settled, and allured, and be subject and liable to at the Time of making such Allotments respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall SJeofLud

in the next Place, out of the Residue of the said Common Waites and ^nr^sof

Waste Ground, mark and set out such Part or Parts thereof as they shall the Act. think adequate for the Purpose, and when the same shall be so marked and

set out, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to sell the same, by Private Contract or public Auction or Auctions, in the Manner and subject to the Directions and Regulations mentioned and contained in the said recited Act; and the Person or Persons so purchasing the same shall immediately pay, by way of Deposit, into the Hands of the commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall direct or appoint. One Fifth Part of his or their Purchase Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after, or at such other limes as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and in Default thereof, the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied in carrying this Act into Execution; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the Whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been so paid in, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Auction, shall be again put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforesaid, for the bell Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be sold by the said Commissioners by Private Contract, for such Sum or Sums as can be had or gotten for the fame; and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged of and from all Common and other Rights thereon and therein, and be veiled in Fee Simple in, and be inclosed and thenceforth held in Severalty by, such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her, or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners; and the said Purchase Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying and discharging all the Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Common Heath, Wastes, and Waste Ground to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue thereof (except the fencing the Tithe Allotments as herein-before mentioned, and also of the said Allotments so to be sold as aforesaid, and all the Charges of the said Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the public Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, in such Manner as the said [Lac. & Per.~\ 35 K Commissioners

3i66 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

Conunissioners shall order and direct respecting the fame; and the Over-plus of such Purchase Money, if any, after defraying such Cods, Charges, and Expences, shall be distributed amongst the several Persons interested in the said Common Heath, Wades, and Wade Ground, in proportion to their several Rights and Intereds therein; and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple, shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of fui h others of the said Proprietors of and in such Surplus Money shall be paid into the Bank of England in Manner dire died by the said recited Act with respect to Money thereby directed to be paid for the Purchase or F.xchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

Allotment of

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the several Allotments ti e Kciidue. herein-before directed to be made of the said Common Heath, Wades, and Wade Ground, shall have been made and set out in the Manner hereinbefore directed, then the said Commissioners shall divide, set out, allot, and award all the Residue and Remainder of the said Common Heath, Wades, and Wade Ground hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, unto and amongd the several Proprietors of and Persons intereded in the said Common Heath, Wades, and Wade Ground, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Manner as by the said Comn idioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a jud and full Compensation and Satisfaction for and equal to their several and respective Rights and Intereds of, in, and over the fame, Quantity, Quality, Convenience, and Situation conddered.

The Woods

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several and Plants- Woods and Plantations belonging to the said John Bunce, Henry Harding, conlidored and William Mori and, Trustees as aforesaid, in the said Parish of Goring, oldVnclofiirel. upon or adjoining the said Heath, and the Wood called the Common Wood, and the Plantation of Firs called VanderJlegierCs Inclosure, shall be deemed, taken, and considered by the said Commissioners to be old Inclosures, and no Part of the Common Heath, Wades, or Wade Ground by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, any Thing in this or the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and also that the Clumps of Firs belonging to the said Philip Lybbe Powys, on his said Manors called the Priory and Ilvington otherwise Elvendon, shall be deemed, taken, and conddered by the said Commissioners as old Inclosures, and no Pait of the Property intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby also directed to make the Allotment or Allotments to the said Trustees herein-before specially directed to be made, or which will be allotted and made to them pursuant to this Act, or so much and such Part or Parts of the said Allotments as the said Trustees shall requed, by Writing under their Hands, commencing from the Henley Road, near or contiguous to the said Alms-houses, and the Chapel, School-house, and Buildings belonging thereto; and along up by the said Wood called the Common Wood, comprehending the Grove cf Oaks called the Little Oaks, belonging to the said Trustees, and so as to include the Timber and Wood now belonging to the said Trustees, and growing in that Situation, upon that Part of the said Common or Heath intended to be divided and allotted; and that the Allotments to the several other Proprietors

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

prietors shall be made as near to their respective Estates as may be: Provided also, that the Valuation of any Timber, Wood, or Beech Sapplings or Samplers, which now belong to the Trustees of the said Alms-house, or to the said Philip Lybbe Powys, and which may be allotted to any other Person or Persons by the said Commissioners, and which, from its unfit Growth to cut, the said Trustees, or the said Philip Lybbe Powys, might consider disadvantageous to the Charity, or to him the said Philip Lybbe Powys, at present to cut for Sale, shall be fairly made by the said Commissioners, or under their Direction, according to a Valuation to stand, and be paid for accordingly by the Person or Persons to whom such Allotments are to be made; and the Money arising by such Valuation shall be paid to the said Trustees by the Person or Persons to whom such Allotments and Trees shall be made, and applied by them in the same Manner as the Rents and Profits of the said Trurt Estates are now applied; and in case of the Refusal of the Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay the same to the said Trustees or their known Agent, or to the said Philip Lybbe Powys, his Heirs or Assigns, on Demand, the said Commissioners, on the Complaint of the said Trustees, or the said Philip Lybbe Powys, or any proper Person on their Behalf, are hereby directed and required to levy the same, and any incidental Expences, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay such Valuation, rendering any overplus Money which may arise after such Distress and Sale unto the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made of the said Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the signing and sealing the said Award, or such other Time as the said Commissioners shall therein order and direct, be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, at the proper Costs and Charges of the respective Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted, or other Person or Persons interested in the fame: Provided always, that in case through Ne-ceflity of Situation, or other Accident or Circumstance, it shall happen that One or more of the said Proprietors of the Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall not have a proportionable Share of the Boundaries, Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, or Fences allotted to him in the said intended Inclosure thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order, ascertain, and appoint, what Sum or Sums of Money such Proprietor or Proprietors shall respectively pay and contribute towards making the Mounds and Fences of the Allotments of such other of the said Proprietors who shall or may have too great a Proportion of Mounding or Fencing allotted to him, her, or them by virtue of this Act, the same to be paid to such Persons and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing under their Hands order, direct, or appoint; and the Money so ordered, directed, or appointed to be paid, shall be raised, levied, and recovered in such and the same Manner as the other Expences of this Act are herein or by the said recited Act ordered and directed to be raised, levied, and recovered; and such Order or Orders of the said Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all Parties interested or concerned therein.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after any Right of Common shall be suspended or extinguished under or by virtue

3«67

Mode of

valuing

Almt-house Timber, Sec.

Lands to be inclosed at the Expence of the Owners;

equalizing the Share of fencing-.

No Sheep or other Cattle to be depaf-

3*68

tured after Right of Common it suspended.

No Cattle to be put into the Roads to be set out by this Act.

4.90 GGEORGII III. Cap. 154.

tue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, shall during such Suspension or Extinguishment thereof, flock or departure with Sheep or other Stock any Part of the said Common Heath, Wastes, and Waste Ground on which such Right of Common shall be so direaed to be suspended or extinguished as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Person or Persons by the said Commissioners to be appointed, from Time to 'lime to dirtrain all such Cattle, Sheep, and other Stock then being, or depasturing upon any of the said Common Heath, Wastes, and Waste Ground after the said Right of Common shall be suspended or extinguished, and the same to impound until the Person or Persons offending shall have paid to the Person or Persons dif-training the fame Five Shillings per Head for all Cattle and other Stock so distrained, except Sheep or Pigs, and One Shilling per Head for each and every Sheep or Pig distrained; and in case the fame be not paid within Five Days after such Distress, then the said Commissioners or any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Oxford are and is hereby authorized and required, on Proof upon Oath by One credible Witness (which Oath the said Commissioners or any of them, or such Justice, are and is hereby empowered to administer) of such Offence, and the Non-payment of the Penalty hereby imposed, and so often as the same shall happen, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice, and directed to the Constable of the said Parish of Goring, unless such Offender shall be the Constable of the said Parish, and then to One of the High Constables of the Hundred of Lang-tree in the County of Oxford, who is and are hereby required to execute every such Warrant, and to cause such and so many of such Cattle, Sheep, Pigs, and other Stock to be sold as shall be sufficient for raising and paying the Penalty aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Cattle or Sheep on Demand; which Warrant, and the Proceedings to be had thereon, shall be binding and conclusive on the Parties.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the said Award, turn or put, or cause to be turned or put, any Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Swine, or Lambs into any of the Roads or Ways to be set out by virtue of this Act, which shall be fenced on both Sides, or into the Allotment or Allotments to be made for Stone or Gravel Pits, or Quarries, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid, or for the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish of Goring for the Time being, or for the Person or Persons whose Hedges, Fences, or Grounds shall be damaged thereby, to make Complaint thereof upon Oath to any Justice of the Peace for the County of Oxford, not interested in the Matter in question, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and for that Purpose to summon the Party or Parties concerned, and the Witnesses on both Sides, to appear before him, and on Appearance of such Party or Parties, or upon his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal to appear, to examine Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath every Justice is hereby empowered to administer, and thereupon, and upon due Proof of such Offence, to condemn the Party or Parties who shall be guilty thereof in such Penalty or Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money, from Time to Time, not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Five Pounds, as such Justice shall think reasonable, and thereupon to issue a Warrant under his 3 Hand

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 154. 3169

Hand and Seal, to cause such Penalty or Penalties to be levied, in case of Non-payment thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, together with reasonable Costs, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels on Demand; which Penalty or Penalties, when recovered, shall be paid and applied in such Manner as such Justice shall direct or appoint, and in case of no such Direction or Appointment, then to the Surveyor or Surveyors of die Highways of the Parish of Goring aforesaid, to be applied by him or them in repairing the Highways of the said Parish.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Ewsbaogri Commissioners to let out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or nu>’ Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Goring, in lieu of and exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Township,

Hamlet, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, spe-cifted, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses,

Husbands, Committees, or Attorniesof or acting for any such Owners or Proprietors as aforesaid, who at the lime of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be tef-tified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Elands of the other consenting Parties respectively.; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church,

Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Costs,

Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing the Exchanges, Divisions, and Partitions, to be made under or by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges, Divisions, or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Comm.;.ioners shall order and direct.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Lessees or Tenants Leaks of who have in Lease any Estate or Estates, in respect of which any such allotted Allotment or Allotments of Common Heath, or Waste Ground shall be Lands not made as aforesaid, shall, during the Continuance of their respective Leases, vj ca:^d unless it is thereby otherwise provided, have, hold, and enjoy the Allot- 1 u* U" ment or several Allotments of the said Common Heath, Wastes, and Waste

[Lee. (5* Per.J 35 L—M Ground

Eipence* cf Exchanges by whom to be paid.

3*7°

Allotment* and Common Rights may be fold before the Execution of the Award.

Settlements, &c. not to be affe&ed, nor Wills re-veked.

49° GEORGII IU. Cap. 154.

Ground that (halt be allotted and set out for and in respect of such Estates, or as a Right appurtenant to the fame, upon paying such additional Rent to the Lessors or Owners thereof as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award, or any other Writing, fix and appoint; and in ascertaining and fixing such Rent, the said Commissioners shall take into Consideration as well the Expence such Lessors or Owners may be put unto in fencing such Allotments, as also the Loss such Lessors or 1 enants may sustain by being deprived of their Common Rights in respect of which the Allotment or Allotments were made.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments under or by virtue of this Act, to give, grant, bargain, fell, demise, moitgage, convey, assure, and dispose of the fame, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, and every such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise, Conveyance, and Disposition thereof shall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall also be lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the said Common Heath, Waites, and Waite Ground hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, separately and distinctly from the Estate in Right of which he or she is or may be entitled to the fame, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to award all and every such Allotment and Allotments which shall so be fold and disposed of to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by any such Sale or Disposition.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to revoke, make void, annul, or alter any Settlement, Deed, or Will, or to prejudice any Person having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Annuity, Rent Charge, Debt, or Incumbrance whatsoever, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Common Heath, Waites, or Waite Ground hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Right or Property which shall arise therefrom in respect of Right of Common for which any Allotment shall be made, but the Land allotted in respect of any such Right shall, immediately after such Allotment shall be made, be veiled, remain, and enure; and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted shall thenceforth (land and be seised and possessed thereof respectively to, for, and upon such and the fameUfes, Estates, Trulls, and Purposes respectively, and subject and liable to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, and Remainders, Conditions, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, and Incumbrances, as the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments respectively should or would have flood limited or subject to if this Act had not been made, save and except such Rents and Services as shall have, been compensated for and extinguished; and such Leases and Tenancies at Rack Rent as shall become void by virtue of this Act, and subject nevertheless to all such Mortgages and Sales as shall be made by Authority of this Act, or of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 154. 3171

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall be Money ad-

advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Ex- av_

pences of applying for and obtaining this Act, and also any Monies which ing Expends may be advanced and paid to the said Commissioner’s Surveyor, or other- to be repaid wife in carrying this Act into Execution, previous to any Money being with I ate rest, raised by Sale of Land as herein-before mentioned, shall be repaid to the

Person or Persons advancing the fame, together with lawful Interest, out of the first Money which shall be raised by such Sale.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by Award where the Commissioners, when enrolled in the Manner directed by the said recited dcP0' Act, shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Goring aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in each and Commission-

every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed ers Accounts from the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall, and they julifces'

are hereby required to make a true and jult Account or Statement of all

Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in. the Execution of this Act, and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being for the said County of Oxford, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices Hated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance ,-of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case (except in such Cases where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties), he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Oxford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and the Justices in their said Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Colls as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Colls which shall be awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties who shall be ordered to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Saving to the shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the present Lords of the or any future Lords of the said Manors, within the Limits whereof respect- Manor* ively the Common Heath, Wastes, and Waite Ground hereby directed to

be

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Q uarter ScCons.

3172 49° GEORGII III. Cap.t54*

be divided, allotted, and inclosed are computed, of and in, and to the Seignories or Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manor or Manors respectively, but that the said Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Manors respectively for the Time being shall and may from Time to Time and all Times hereafter have, hold, receive, and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, and Profits of Courts, and all other Rights, Royalties, and Privileges to the said Manor or Manors respectively incident, appendant, and belonging or appertaining (other than those which are meant and intended to be barred by this Act), in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case it had not been made.

G rcral XLII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Saving. and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest 'other than such as are intended to be barred and destroyed by virtue of this Act), as he, they, or any of them had and enjoyed to or out of the said Common Heath, Wastes, and Waste Ground hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, at any Time before the passing of this Act, or could or ought to have had in case this Act had not been made.

Evidence

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Clause. Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 155.

An Act for continuing the Term of, and altering and amending an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing Two Acts of His late Majesty for the Regulation of Laftage and Bal~ lastage in the River Thames, and to make more effectual Pvegulations relating thereto.

[ioth "June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign g. 3. of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal Two Adspassed c. 598. in the Sixth and Thirtysecond Tears of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, and to make more effectual Regulations relating thereto: And whereas the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His said present Majesty hath been found to be beneficial to the Public, and being now near expiring, it is expedient that the fame should be continued, with fomc Alterations and Amendments; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the AA 0/45 said Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Ma- G- ?• jesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Clauses, and Provisions continue<1* therein contained (other than and except such as are by this Act altered or amended) shall be and continue, and the fame is and are hereby continued in force, from the Expiration thereof until the Time hereinafter mentioned.

£Loc. Ssf Per.J 35 N II. And

3

Application of Penalties andrt he said Act.

Mode of recovering Penalties not exceeding

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

11. And whereas it is expedient that Encouragement should be given to Persons profecuiing or informing against Offenders, and that the Mode of recovering Penalties should be clear and certain; be it therefore further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred and become payable under and by virtue of the said recited Act, by any Owner, Mailer, Mate or other Officer or Person belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or by any other Person not in the Pay or Service of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, for any Offence committed against the said recited Act, or against any Bye-Law made in pursuance thereof; and also all Penalties incurred by any Ballaltman or Person in the Service of the said Corporation, in relation to any Neglect or Refusal to wort, <5f pfiy Dilbbedience of any Orders or Regulations of the said Corporation, shall, when recovered, go and be applied in manner following, (that is to say): One Moiety of the Penalty so forfeited shall go to anil bt applied by the said Corporation', after defraying thereout the Expefic* of tarrying this Act into Execution, for the Benefit, and in th# Relief of poor and decayed Seamen and Ballastmen, and their Widows and Families, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons on whose Information or Prosecution any such Conviction or Recovery shall have taken Placeand all other Penalties and Forfeitures by the said recited Act imposed, when recovered, shall go and be applied in Manner following, (that is to say): One Moiety of the Penalty to the said Corporation, to be applied as aforesaid, and the other Moiety thereof to or for the Use of the Person or Persons injured, if he or they shall prosecute as hereinafter mentioned; but if no Injury shall have arisen to any Individual, or the Party injured shall not prosecute within Thirty Days after the Offence committed, then to or for the Use of the Person or Persons on whose Information or Prosecution any such Conviction or Recovery shall have taken Place.

I1L And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures imposed by the said Act hereby continued, or by any Bye-Law made under the Authority thereof, which shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or in respect of which a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds may discretionally be awarded, shall be levied and recovered within Six Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed, before any Justice or Justices of the feace for the County, City, Division or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or if committed by any Person whomsoever on any Part of the River Thames, 'hen before any Justice of the Peace for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, FJsex, or Middlesex, or before the Lord Mayor, or any Ma-gillrate of the city of London; and such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders at the Time or Place in such Warrant specified; and if on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, or on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more respectable Witness cr Witnesses, upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges which shall attend the Recovery thereof, and be awarded by such Justice or Justices to be paid, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, C ity, or Place where the Offender shall be convicted, there to remain without

3r79

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

out Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, and not less than Seven Days, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges as aforesaid shall be sooner paid; and the Powers and Authorities aforesaid of such Justices or Magistrates shall be applicable to any Cafe in which it is by the said recited Act enacted that any Penalty shall not exceed a Sum specified, and shall not be less than another Sum specified, such smaller Sunt not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that no Justice or Magistrate shall in any Case award any Sum exceeding Twenty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures Mode of reexceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by the said Act imposed for any covering Offence or Offences committed against the said Act hereby continued, or in Penalties which any greater Sum maybe awarded than Twenty Pounds, may be re- ^ee covered with full Costs of Suit, as the Case shall require, by the Party injured, or by any Person informing or suing for the fame by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences shall be committed and in any Case in which it is by the said recited Act enacted that any Penalty shall not exceed any Sum specified, which Sum so specified, or which by the Circumstances of the Cafe shall exceed Twenty Pounds, it shall be lawful to sue for the full Penalty; and it shall also be lawful for the Jury giving the Verdict to award any Sum not less than the Sum specified as the lowed: Penalty, nor greater than the Sum specified as the highest Penalty, for the Offence for which the Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall be brought.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken Public Act. to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and the fe- Term of the veral Articles and Clauses therein contained (except as aforesaid) shall, together with this Act, continue and be in force from the passing hereof

until the First Day of August in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 156.

An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in the Fortieth, Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, and Forty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto, and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities by the said Acts granted to the London Dock Company.

[ioth June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of His present 4cG.3.e.47. Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons,

Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present M*. q v. c , jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for,currying into Execution an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And whereas another Act was passed in the 44 G. 3. said Forty-fourth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, intituled. An c. too.

Uisv sd or

r

318a 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 156.

Act for warehousing Goods •within the Limits, of certain Docks, made under an Act passed in the rhirty-ninth and Fortieth 7 ear of His present Majesty, intituled. " An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for " the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London, and to make Regulations relating to the 45 G. 3. c. 58. said Docks:" And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, 40G.3 c. 59. and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act: And whereas an Act was paflTed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in'ituled, An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in the Fortieth, Forty fourth, and Frty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes tn the said Acts mentioned, and for enlarging the 47 G. j. c. 5- Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Waterworks in the Parishes of Stratford, Weftham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End and Stepney, and other Parishes adjacent, and to amend the several Acts for making Wet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London: And whereas sundry of the Powers and Provisions in the said several Acts relating to the London Pock Company, are found by experience to be defective and insufficient, and it is expedient that those Acts should be further altered and amended, and that further and other Powers and Authorities should be given to the said London Dock Company in the Premises; may it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-Fjrther bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Directors of the London ^0|h*7ondon ^ock Company or any Thirteen or more of them shall have full Power D.'ck Coir,-" Authority for the Purposes in the said Acts contained, or any of pany. them, to contract and agree and to employ any Person or Persons to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of what nature or kind soever, within the limits mentioned in the said Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as they shall judge necessary to employ, pull down, remove, alter, or make use of, in or about the Concerns of the said Company, and thereupon to purchase the fame, and take Conveyances, Assignments, and Surrenders thereof, with the free and voluntary Consent of such Owners, and not otherwise.

Con»ey«nee H. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any Estate or Cover"* &c. Interest in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-to be vjilid• fnents to the said Directors, or their Successors, or any Thirteen or more of them, or to any Person in Trust for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by any Feme Covert in the Presence of and attested by two credible Witnesses and duly acknowledged, and to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Si* Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and abfo-

lutely

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 156. 3183

lately convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recovers would or could do if levied orfufferedin due form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoeverto be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as Qiall be purchased by the said Directors or their Successors, by virtue of this Act, and for the Purposes of this Act, or of any of the said recited Acts, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons seised of, or entitled to any Estate or Interest in the Premises in Trust for such Bargainor or Bargainors, in any Manner or Form whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Messuages, Lands, Tene- Messuages, ments, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased by virtue of this Act, f he immediately upon the Conveyance, Assignment, or Surrender thereof, London Dock to any Thirteen or more of the said Directors, shall, according to the Estate. Company, and Interest conveyed, assigned, or surrendered therein, be veiled, and the same are hereby vested in the said London Dock Company and their Successors.

IV. And whereas it was in and by the said first recited Act provided. Validating and enacted, That if the said London Dock C ompany should not within. cerui" L'",‘ Five Years next after the passing of that Act, agree for, or cause to be' j^re'the* valued as therein mentioned, and purchase the Houses, Buildings, Lands,. Baffing of Tenements, and Hereditaments which they were impowered to purchase as this Act. therein mentioned, then and from thenfeforth the Powers to them thereby granted for such Purposes only should cease, determine and be void:

And whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, the Period for making Purchases by the said Company, in conformity to the said first recited Act (with all the Powers and Authorities of the said Company in respect thereof , was further extended for the Term of Two Years, to be computed and reckoned from the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years; and the said extended Term of Two Years is now expired: And whereas certain Contracts for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by or on behalf of the said Company within the limits of the said first recited Act, which were made and entered into before the expiration of the said extended Period of Two Years Hill remain incomplete, and cannot now be carried into execution, by reason of the said extended Term of Two Years having elapsed before the completing thereof: And whereas in and towards the Improvement and Completion of the Works of the said Docks, the Directors of the said C ompany have found it necessary, since the Expiration of the said extended Term of Two Years, to enter into and make sundry other Contracts for the Purchase of certain Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the Limits of the said first recited Act; but such Contrafts cannot be completed and made effectual without the Aid of Parliament 1 Be it therefore further enacted, That all Contrafts and Agreements for such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which have been made before the passing of this Act, and all Conveyances thereof whatsoever which may have been made before, or which shall be made after the passing of this Act, according to the

Powers

3184

Power to fell, let or demise PremiseJ.

To prevent

Obliruflions in going on board Ships or Vessels in the Docks, Sec.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 165.

Powers and Provisions of any of the said herein recited Acts in that behalf, and although not mad^toithin the Space of Time limited by the said Acts respectively for that Purpose, shall and the same are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, and to have the fame Effecf as if the fame had been made within the Times by the said Acts limited respectively as aforesaid.

V. And whereas by the said first recited Act it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful for the said Directors,or any Thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, either absolutely to sell and dispose of, or to let out and demise on Lease or at Rack Rent, or in any other Manner that should be thought advisable, all or any of the Freehold or Leasehold E(fates, Lands, Houses, Wharfs, Docks, Works, Hereditaments, and Premises thereby vested in the said Directors, and which should thereafter be conveyed to them, in pursuance of that Ad, in such Manner and upon such Terms, and for such Considerations as the said Directors as aforesaid should from Time to Time judge proper, and think mod advantageous to the Interest of the said Company, provided the said Freehold and Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Wharfs, Docks, Works, Hereditaments, and Premises, were first offered for such Sale, Letting or Demifing, to the respective Person or Persons, upon the Terms and Conditions aforesaid, of or from whom the Premises respectively were purchased, by or on behalf of the said Company: And whereas by reason of the great Alteration occasioned by the taking of Streets, and taking down Houses and other Buildings within the Limits of the said first recited Act, and the Length of Time which hath now elapsed since the passing of the said first recited Act, and of Deaths, Removals and other Circumstances, great Difficulties have arisen in giving such Notice as is by the said first recited Act required to be given to the Persons of or from whom the Premises respectively were purchased, under the Authority of the said recited Acts, and many of such Persons cannot now be found: Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, in respect of all or any such Part or Parts of the said Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Wharfs, Dock Works, Hereditaments and Premises as the said Company are or shall be desirous, either absolutely to sell and dispose of, or to let out or demise on Leases or at Rack Rent or otherwise, as in the said first recited Act mentioned, to proceed to fell, dispose of, or to let out or demise the fame on Leases or at Rack Rent, in such Manner and upon such Terms as in the said first recited Act mentioned; provided that the same shall be first offered for such Sale, letting or demifing to the respective Person or Persons, upon the Terms aforesaid, of or from whom the Premises respectively were purchased by or on behalf of the said Company, either under the Hand of the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being, or by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and Two daily Newspapers usually circulated in London, One Calendar Month at the lead before any such Sale, Letting, or Demifing.

VI. And whereas divers Obstructions have been given to Constables, Watchmen, and other Persons appointed by the said Company in the Exercise of their Duty: Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall at any Time hereafter in any Way obstruct, or be aiding or abetting any other Person or Persons in obstructing in the Execution of his Duty or Employment, any Constable, Watchman,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 156. 3185

man, or other Person thereto appointed by, or having lnllrudions in Writing in that behalf from the Directors of the said Company, or from the Superintendant of the said Docks, or from the Dock Mailers, or One of the Dock Mailers of the said Company for the i ime being, from or in going on board, or entering into or upon, or being in qr upon any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, for the Purpose of searchitig for or extinguishing any Fire, Candle, or Light being or suspeded to be therein, contrary to any Provision contained in any of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or contrary to any Order, Rule, or Regulation made by virtue of any of the said recited Acts or this Act, or for the Purpose of discovering any Theft or Embezzlement committed or suspeded to have been committed in or about such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, or for the Purpose of quelling any Riot or Disturbance therein, or for any other Purpose authorized by any of the said recited Acts or this Act, or by any such Order, Rule, or Regulation as aforesaid, every Person io offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Person or i'ersons so offending shall be convicted, such Penalty or Penalties to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, in like Manner as other Penalties created by any of the said recited Acts; and if any Dog or Dogs shall at any such Time be found loose on board any such Ship, Vessel, Lighter,

Boat, or other Craft, contrary to any such Order, Rule, or Regulation or Inllrudions, as shall be made in that behalf by the Directors of the said Company, or by the Superintendant of the said Docks, or by the Dock Mailers of the said Company, or any One of them, for the Time being, as herein-before mentioned, the Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and the Person or Persons having the Charge of such Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in Manner as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas further Powers and Provisions are found to be ne- For further cessary respecting the keeping of Fires, Candles and Lamps on board Ships Prevention of and other Vessels in the said Docks: be it further enacted, That no Person Flres' &c: on whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept any Fire, ^.arfn < j^pi* Candle or Lamp lighted, on board any Ship or other Vessel within the Docks. Docks or other Works of the said C ompany, at any Time or Times after the Hour of Four in the Evening, nor before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty-sixth Day of March in every Year, nor before the Hour of Five in the Morning between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, nor on board any Ship or other Vessel within the Docks or other Works of the said Company, having on board the fame any Tar, Pitch, Kofin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow,

Grease, Shavings of Wood, or Combultible Matter whatsoever of any kind during any Part of the Time which such Ship or other Vessel shall be actually delivering or taking in her Cargo, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid, unless the having of such Fire, Candle, or Lamp so lighted, shall be with the Permission in Writing of the Directors of the said Company, or of the Superintendant of the said Docks, or of the \JLoc. & Per.3 35 P Dock

3i86 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 156.

Dock Matters, or one of the Dock Matters of the said Company for the Time being for that Purpose firtt had and obtained.

VIII. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Ueign, it is enacted, That in case the Owner, Matter, Pilot, Servant or other Person having the care of any Ship or other Vessel, shall refute or neglect to moor, unmoor, move or remove the fame, according to the Direction of the Dock Matter or Dock Matters of the said Company, within Twelve Hours after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with some Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, that then it should be lawful for the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, or his or their Aflirtams, and he or they were by the said Act required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively were thereby directed to be repaid, together with the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Offence, by the Matter or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, and to be recovered or paid over in the Manner therein mentioned; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other Person or Persons having the Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner, Agent, Consignee, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, should obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any Ship or other Vessel, such Person or Persons should for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as therein mentioned: And whereas the said Time of Twelve Hours after such Notice as aforesaid, allowed by the said Act for complying with such Direction of the Dock Matter or Dock Matters as aforesaid, has been found by Experience to be inconvenient; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said several Provisions, Penalties, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained, shall attach and take effect after One Hour from the Time of such Notice being given as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the lame attach and take effect by virtue of the said Act, after Twelve Hours from the Time of such Notice being given as aforesaid.

penalties of

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Penalty or former Acts. pena’tjCs, Forfeiture or Forfeitures imposedby any of the said recited Acts or this Act, is or are made recoverable after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the Tfeafurer of the said Company for the Time being, or any Person or Persons by him authorized in Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, to make such Demand; and all Demands so made shall be deemed good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes; any Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Empowering X. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the toa*MIl;Ce •^•eiKn His Present Majesty, it is enacted, That all Penalties and Forfei-tain Cjfcs.ir tures by the said Act imposed, concerning which no particular Direction had been therein already given, should, if the fame should not be paid within Fourteen Days after the fame should be demanded, be recovered and levied by Dilirefsand Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, which Warrant they were thereby empowered and required to grant upon the Information of One or more credible Witnesses upon Oath before them made, which Oath

Limiting the Notice of Removal of Ships, See. by the Dock Mailer to one Hour.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 156. 3187

Oath they were thereby empowered to administer; and in case no such Distress as aforesaid could be had, then it should be lawful for the said Two or more Justices, by like Warrant or Warrants, to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Goal of the County of Middlesex or House of Correction, for the space of Ten Days, without Bail or Mainprize, or for any less Time at the Discretion of such Justices, unless the said Penalties and Charges should be sooner paid and satisfied:

And whereas the said Powers and Provisions have been extended to the said other recited Acts: And whereas it is expedient that in certain cases the said Powers should be given to One Justice of the Peace; be it therefore further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding Ten Pounds, imposed by any of the said recited Acts or this Act, concerning which no particular Direction hath been given, may be recovered and levied in the Manner and Form directed by the said Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as aforesaid, before and by One Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and all the said Powers and Provisions therein given and made to, and respecting Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, as well relating to the Recovering, Levying, Distribution, and Mitigation of Penalties and Forfeitures, as respecting the Commitment of any Party or Patties offending, and also the Form of Conviction in the said- Act mentioned, shall and may be used, exercised and put in force by One Justice of the Peace for the said County; any thing herein or therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And whereas in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Fortieth Surrounding Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Directors of the said Lon- Walls* don Dock Company have made a Dock to be used for the unloading of Ships, together with Quays, and other Buildings upon or near the Banks thereof, within the several Parishes in the County of Middlesex mentioned in the said Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, and have i'urrounded and inclosed the fame by a strong and durable Wall not less than Twenty Feet high on all Sides, according to the Directions of the said act, and such Wall is not built within Thirty Feet of any surrounding Buildings, or the Margin or Boundary of any Ground occupied by Buildings: And whereas it is provided by the said Act that no House or other Building shall be erected on the outside of the said Wall, nor any Building fullered toremain handing within Thirty Feet therefrom, which Provision hath been complied with, and various other Precautions have been taken in erecting the Buildings of the said Company to prevent Mischief by Fire; be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Rules and Regulations contained in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party 14 G. 3. n., Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mfchiefs by Fire within the to exiend to Cities of I.ondon and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof\ and other the lhls A&. Parishes, P red nils, and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Pariffes c/ Saint Mary-le-bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras and Saint Luke at Chelsea in the County of Middlesex, and for indemnifying under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for creeling Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law, shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Buildings of the said Company erected or to be erected within the said Wall, by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act.

3188

Powers, Sc. of lormer Aflsextended to this Act.

[Public Act.]

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 156,

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, and Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said several recited fts, (except so far as the fame were respectively repealed, varied, altered, or expired before the passing of this Act, and also except so far as the fame respectively are hereby repealed, varied, or altered), shall extend and be construed to extend to this Act, and to the said Directors and others carrying this Act into Execution; and also to all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Corporations Aggregate or Sole, poflfeffed of or interfiled in all or any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be contrafted and agreed for or purchased; and also to the Conveyance, Assignment, or Surrender of such Hereditaments to and vesting the fame in the said Company, and to all other the Matters and Things hereinbefore comprised or having Relation thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were severally and particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Parts thereof; and that the said several recited Acts (except as aforesaid) and this Act, shall as to all Matters and Things whatsoever be construed as one Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in the said recited Acts, or any of them contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to compel any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any other Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Wharfs, Docks, Works, Hereditaments, or Premises, within the Limits aforesaid, to sell or dispose thereof to the said Company or to the Directors thereof, at any Time after the passing of this Act; any Thing herein or in any of the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S09.

af

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 157.

An Act for amending an Act for better supplying the City and Liberties of Westminster and Parts adjacent with Water, and for enlarging the Powers thereof.

[10th June 1809.]

WHERE AS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign gg , of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the City and Liberties of West min ster and Parts adjacent with Water; after reciting, That by reason of the great Increase of Buildings and Inhabitants in and about the City of Westminster, the Liberty thereof, and other Places, in the County of Middlesex, there were greater Occasions for Water for the Safety and necessary Uses of the said Inhabitants than were supplied by the Waterworks then in being, and that great Advantages would accrue if new Waterworks were erected in convenient Places for providing and supplying the said Inhabitants with good and wholesome Water from the River Thames,be one or more Cut or Cuts to be made at any convenient Place or Places between the Grounds belonging to The Royal Hospica) at Chelsea and the Houses or Grounds called The Neat Houses, in the County of Middlesex, into Canals and Ponds proper for receiving the fame, and from thence to convey and raise such Water into convenient Reserva-tories to be erected or made at any Place or Places between the Places called Oliver's Mount and Hyde Park; for the Purposes of that Act, it is enacted, that the several Persons therein named should be and they were thereby appointed Commissioners, Undertakers, and Trustees, for designing, carrying on, and effecting the Purposes aforesaid, and for directing, ordering, and making such Waterworks, and for maintaining, preserving, and supporting the fame, and that the Property thereof should be vetted in the fame Commissioners, Undertakers, and Trustees, and their Successors j and it is (among other Things) further [Lot. (ft Per.] 35 enacted.

c 26.

3*9°

49° GEORGII III. Cap.

enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to incorporate all and every the Commissioners, Undertakers, and Trustees, appointed by that Act, or such of them as should be then living, and such others as His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, should think fit, to be one Body Politic1 and Corporate in deed and in name, by the Name and Title of " The Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks}" And it is thereby provided, that the said Commissioners, Undertakers, and Trustees, and their Successors, before they meddled with, or cut, dug, or altered the Lands and Inheritance of any Person or Persons, should first agree with the Owners, Proprietors, or Tenants thereof for so doing; and it,is. thereby also enacted and provided, that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to extend, to prejudice or cake away any Right, Property, or Jurisdiction, of the Mayor, or Mayor,-Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, to in and upon the River of ‘Thames; nevertheless that it should be lawful as there should be Occasion for effecting the Purpose aforesaid, to cut and dig the Bank or Wall of the River Thames within the Limits aforesaid: And whereas io pursuance of the said recited Act, His Majesty King George the First, by Letters Patent dated at Westminster the Eighth Day of March in the Ninth Year of his Reign, did give, grant, constitute, declare, and appoint, that the several Persons therein named, and such others as should be admitted into the said Company according to the Directions and Regulations thereinafter mentioned, from thenceforth should be one Body Corporate and Politic in deed and in name, by the Name and Title of " The Governor and Company of Chelsea Water-" works:" And whereas in consequence of the Lease under which the said Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks now hold the Land or Ground thVough which the Cuts authorized to be made by the said recited Act, for conveying Water from the River Thames for sup-■S-. ' plying the said Waterworks, being nearly expired, the said Copnpany

may be depri ved of the Benefit of the Cuts so already rpadfe as aforesaid: And whereas by reason of the great Increase of Buildings within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Parts adjacent^ and the consequent Increase of Inhabitants in those Parts, the said Governor and Company have found it expedient, in order to supply the said Inhabitants with Water, to extend and enlarge their said Waterworks: And whereas the said Governor and Company for the Purpose of carrying on, extending, and enlarging the said Waterworks, and for the better Supply of the said City and Liberties of Westminster and Parts adjacent with Water, intend forthwith or as soon as may be to erect and build upon a Piece or Parcel of Freehold Land or Ground situate at or near the said Place or Grounds called The Neat Houses, of which they are lawfully seised, other Works for raising Water: And whereas it would be convenient and beneficial to the said Governor and Company, if they were empowered to procure Water from the said River Thames {or the Pu poses aforesaid, determined by the means of Pipes, Trunks, or aqueducts, to be carried into the Bed of the River Thames to or beyond Low Water Mark, instead of obtaining it by the means of Cuts: And whereas in prosecution of the

Works intended to be made by the said Governor and Company, for better supplying the said City and Liberties of Westminster and Parts adjacent with Water, it may be found necessary or convenient by the said Governor and Company to purchase Lands for more conveniently carry-

• inS.

.3<‘.srS It I —4- *» '.]

49® GGEORGII III. Cap. 157.

3I9I

ing on their said Works: And whereas the said Governor and Company are desirous, as well of effecting the Purposes aforesaid as of obtaining such further Provisions as hereinafter mentioned for preserving and defending the said Waterworks, and the Property, Rights, and Interests, of the said Governor and Company therein; but the fame cannot be effect ually done without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be The Cover-lawful for the said Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks, by norand their Servants, Workmen, or others, with the Approbation of the Company Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common ny|/'2ctl'o,.-Council assembled, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, ,he River" and under the Direction of the Clerk of the Works for the Time being, Thames, appointed or employed by or under the Authority of the said Mayor, Al- beyond Low dermen, and Commons, to cut and dig the Bank or Wall of the said \*y ' River Thames, belonging to any Lands, Tenements, or Premises, where- pjpes thereof the said Governor and Company shall be the Proprietors, Owners, in. and Occupiers, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, between Ranelagh Creek, and Six hundred Feet to the Eastward of the Flood Gates leading to the Wharfs at Pimlico, and also to cut and dig into the Shore and Bed of the said River in any Right Line from or opposite to any such Lands, Tenements, or Premises, to the Distance of Two hundred and forty Feet from the Bank of the said River, extending beyond Low-water Mark into the Bed of the said River, from such Lands, Tenements, and Premises, and to lay or drive therein a Pipe or Pipes, Trunk or Trunks, for drawing Water from the said River, and for conveying or for admitting or receiving the fame into any Cut or Cuts, Pond or Ponds, of any other Reservoir or Receptacle of the said Governor and Company, for supplying Engines, Pumps, Cisterns,

Drains, and other Works and Devices which the said Governor and Company have already made or shall think fit to make for effecting the Pui-poles and for obtaining the Benefit of the said recited Act and of this Act; and also to construct, place, and erect, with such Approbation and under such Direction as aforesaid, a Frame or Frames, with Gratings for the Water to pals through, agreeably to and according to the Bottom of the Model produced by the said Governor and Company, and now remaining in the Office of the Town Clerk of the said City of London, at, upon, or over the End or Extremity of the said Pipe or Pipes, Trunk or Trunks, for drawing, conveying, admitting, or receiving Water as aforesaids such Frame or Frames not to exceed altogether the following Dimensions, that is to say, in Length Twenty Feet, in Width Twelve Feet, and in Height not more than Twenty-two Inches from and above the Bed of the said River; Provided always, that during the Continuance of such Frame or Frames in the said River as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company shall provide and moor or cause to be provided and moored, under such Direction as aforesaid, two proper and sufficient round Buoys, that is to lay, one of such Buoys at each End of the said Frame, in such Manner as that one of the said Buoys shall be floating over the said Frame at all Times of the Tide, for the Purpose of preventing Barges and other Vessels from running upon or over the same.

3J92

Bodies Politic and Corporate, Tenants for Life, and other incapacitated Petfors empowered to jell and convey Landi for the Purposet aforesaid.

Form of Convey ance.

49* G EO RGII III. Cap. 1ST-

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fur all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and for all Tenants for Life, I enants in Tail, or Tenants for Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trullees for Charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and ali other Trustees and Persons not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but.also for and on Behalf of their respective Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons, and for all Femes Covert, and all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, arc, or shall be leifed or possessed of or interfiled in any Lands, Grounds, or He-editaments, for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract lor, leafr, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, and the Inheritance in Fee Simple of such of them as shall be intended to be conveyed in Fee Simple to the said Governor and Company and their Successors j and all such Contrails, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances shall be made at the Expence of the said Governor and Company or their Successors, and such Conveyances and Assurances as shall be made of any Freehold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament to the said Governor and C"m-pany or their SuccelTots, shall be made according to the Form or to the Effeifl following:

I A.B. of in consideration of the Sum of to me paid, or in consideration of the

‘ Annual Rent of to me to be hereafter yielded and

« paid by Yearly, or [as the Case may be~\ by Half Yearly Payments by the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks, do hereby grant ‘ and release to the said Governor and Company of Chelsea Water works all [describing the Hereditaments to be conveyed] and all my * Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, to hold to the said Governor and Company and their Successors for ever, by Virtue and ac-1 cording to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Forty-« ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George- the * Third, intituled, [insert the Title of this AB\. In Witness whereof I * have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this j)ay

* of in the Year

And if the Premises purchased shall happen to be Leasehold for Years, they shall be assigned oy a Form answerable to the above, only substituting the Words applicable to the Alignment of a Chattel, which said Conveyances or Alignments shall be kept by the Secretary of the said Governor and Company for the Time being, who shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring t:ie fame, and shall have and receive Two Shillings and Sixpence for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

Parch tit-monies or Compensations due to Corporate Bodies,

Minors, 4c.

III. And be it further cnsdled, That all Sums of Money which sre to' be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Femes Covert, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands or Estates are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase of or the Dama°cs

t6

49° GEORGGII III. Cap. 157.

tt>' be done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers herein contained, shall be paid and applied in manner following, (that is to say), in case the fame ilia 1 amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, it shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, " ex parte the Governor and Company of Chelsea Water Works/' to the Inrent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and-with the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing iettled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trurts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting, undetermined-, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered |>y the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Cour t to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lo hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money so payable to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Perfor.5 adhng as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner

[Lee. & Per.] 35 R herein-

3193

to be laid out to the same Uses, &c.

Applicatioa where the Coinpenfa-tion Money-does not exceed Two Hundred Pounds and above Twenty Pounds.

3T9+

49s G £ O R G11 III. Cap. 157.

hetein-before directed,' or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by a Court of Directors of the said Governor and Company, or the major Part of them then prefenr, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified , in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and ;the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far'as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being requited to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money payable so where less such Corporation or to any Person under Disability or Incapadty as Po*ond"Cnt’V aforesaid, shall be lei's than Twenty Pounds, then and io all such Cases the same shall be applied to the life of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid in such Manner as a Court of Directors of the said Governor and Company, or the major Parc of them then present, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to or for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons to entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person Or Persons to whom the said Governor and Company or their Directors shall direct the same to be paid, shall be sufficienc Discharges for the same.

Where any

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any

Qtf- Question shall arile touching the Title of any Person to any Money to

toucMng'ihe be Palc* >nt0 t*lc of England, in the Name and with the Privity

Title to6 of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of Money to be ihis Ad, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ?a"wH^lTalV or an^ ^state, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hebe'in p0ffef. reditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank An-iion of the nuiues to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Lands,ic. Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall

of such Pur have been in possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

chafe shall be >n relped whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of deemed emit- passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, led thereto or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and f^hPoflWf0 ta^ea to ^ave b«n ^w^by entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or He-u°le'(-s'f reditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and all'o the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some liftate or Interest therein.

The C urt may Order

reai’onable Exper.ccs of

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 157.

chafed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court (hill deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Governor and Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That they the said Governor and Company, their Agents, Deputies, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, in laying down, making or driving any Pipe or Pipes for drawing Water from the said River Thames, or in the crefting or the using or employing any Engine or Engines, Building or Buildings, or any other Works, or in carrying on, prosecuting, or conducting any Matter or Thing for the effecting the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act, or relating thereto, shall do as little Damage as may be; and the said Governor and Company shall make full Satisfaction to all and every the Owner or Owners or Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, Houses, Buildings, Manufactories, Goods, Chattels, Trades, or Occupations ■which shall be used by or on Behalf of the said Governor and Company, or which shall be injured, prejudiced, destroyed, or damaged by any of the Means aforesaid, or in any Manner for the effecting the Purposea of the said recited Act and of this Act; and if any such Owner of Proprietor or other *5erson as aforesaid, shall be dissatisfied with the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction to be offered by the said Governor and Company, or by a Court of IJireftors of the said Company, or the major Part of them then present, or if no such Satisfaction shall be offered, and such Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, shall make an Affidavit in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, describing therein generally the Nature of the Injury sustained by such Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, and Hating the Amount of the Compensation (if any) which shall have been so offered as aforesaid, a Copy of which Affidavit shall be delivered to the Secretary of the said Governor and Company, and Notice given of an Application to the said Court of King’s Bench for the Purpose hereinafter mentioned. Four Days before such Application, it shall be lawful for the said Court of King’s Bench to ilfuea Writ to the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex; and in Cafe any such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff shall be One of the said Company, or enjoy any Office or Place of Profit or Trull: under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matter in question, then to any one of the Coroners of such County who shall not be so interested as aforesaid; and in case all the said Coroners of such County shall be l'o interested, then to the last Person who filled the Office of Sheriff of such County, and who shall not be interested as aforesaid, commandin'-' such Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person to impannel, summon, and return a sufficient Number to constitute a Jury of Twelve sufficienc and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of the Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at WestmirfUr, to appear before the Chief Justice of the said Court of King’s Bench ac

the

3195

Purchases to be paid by the Company.

For making Satisfafiior, for Damages,

3*§6

Payment of Colts.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 157.

the Sittings of Nisi Prius at Westminster, at some Sitting in or after Term to be holden not less than Ten Days after the issuing such Writ, to enquire the Amount of the Damages fuftiined by such Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, on account or by reason of such Injury as shall be mentioned in the said Affidavit; and if no Inch Offer shall have been made as aforesaid, then to enquire as well of the Fail of such Injury having been committed, as of the Amount of the Damages sustained thereby; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and it shall be lawful for either Party, on or before the^ Execution of such Writ, to issue out Writs of Subpoena to compel the Appearance of such Witnesses as may be by them respectively thought necessary to be examined touching the Matters in question; and the said Couw of King’s Bench shall and may, on Motion made by either Party, in like Manner as in an Action of Trel'pass brought in the fame Court, as far the fame is pradicable, order and authorize the Jury or any Six or more of them to view the Place or Places or Matter or Matters in question, and the said Jury shall upon their Oaths, (which Oaths and also the Oaths of such Persons as shall be called to give Evidence, such Chief Justice or other Justice fitting at JW1J1 Prius as aforesaid, is hereby authorized to administer), shall enquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum and Sums of Money or the Recom-pense to be made for the Injury or Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid, or of the Fad of such Injury having been committed, if the Cafe shall require, and shall alfcfs Damages for the fame; anti the said Chief Justice or other Justice of the said Court of King’s Bench, shall indorse on the Back of the said Writ the Amount of the Sum afTcffed by the Jury, and it shall be lawful for either of the said Parties to apply 10 His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, within the Four First Days of the following Term, for a new Trial, which the said Court are hereby authorised and empowered to grant, and in default of such Application, or if the same shall be refuied, it shall be lawful for the said Court, by a Rule of the fame Court, on Motion made on Behalf of i'uch Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, to award Execution for the said Sum so assefled, and Execution shall thereupon issue by Writ of Fieri Facias or Eligit for the fame, and for the Costs attending the aforesaid Proceedings, if any shall be due and payable, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Costs attending such Proceedings as aforesaid, determined by Rule of the said Court, shall be taxed by the proper Offi cr of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, andiftheSum Ibassessed oy the Jury as aforesaid, shall exceed the Amount of the Compensation offered, or if no such Compensation shall have been offered, and the Jury shall find that such Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid shall have sustained any such Injury as aforesaid, then the Costs shall be paid by the said Governor and Company, and shall be levied in manner aforesaid; and it the same shall nut exceed or shall be equal to the said Sum so offered as aforesaid for Compensation, or if no such Compensation shall have been offered, a id the Jury shall find that such Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid shall not have sustained any such Injury as aforesaid, then Costs shall be paid by such Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, and in default thereof such Owner or

Proprietor

3*97

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 157.

Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable to an Attachment.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any such Prrfotis fuf-Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid shall have sustained or famine In-shall suppose himself to have sustained any Injury by any of the Means {^Company-aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, instead of proceeding in manner aforesaid to sue the said Governor and Company in an Action of Trespass, or Tref. pafsonthe Cafe, alleging the Trespasses to have been nrnde or Injury com-' milted by. the said Governor and Company; and in Case such Owner or Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid shall prove any Trespass to have been committed by the said Governor and Company, or any of their Agents, Deputies, Officers or Servants, or any Persons employed by them and acting on the Behalf of the said Governor and Company, a Ver-did shall pass for the Plaintiff, and Judgement be thereupon given, and Execution Hull issue against the said Governor and Company.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall For hindering take or use, or cause, permit, or suffer to be taken or used any Water Perform fop-" from or out of any Reservoir, Aquedud, or Pipe which already has been P'ltd from

or shall be made or laid by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, others'and for without the previous Consent of the said Governor and Company or their punish’ing authorized Servants, or if any Person or Persons supplied with Water by Persons for the said Governor and Company by virtue of the said recited Act or of 'vl,.uI,y this Act, shall supply any other Person or Persons with any Part of such the'water-Water; then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall for -•

every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Governor and Company any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company, if they shall so think fit, to take or cut off the Water from the House or Building of any Person so supplied and offending for every such Offence: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein except in ccr-contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any Person or tain Cases. Persons supplied with Water by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, to any Penalty or Forfeiture for supplying any other Person or Persons also supplied by the said Governor and Company with any Quantity of such Water, during the Time that the Pipes or Cocks of such lastly mentioned Person shall or may happen to be out of Repair, such Pipes or Cocks nevertheless being repaired as soon as may be after any Damage shall happen thereto.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Rights of contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to preju- Commission-dice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Au- ers of Sewers thorities vested in the Commissi-aners of Sewers for the City and Liberty

of Westminster and Part of the County of Middlesex, but all the Rights,

Powers, and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid, and ef-iedual as if this Act had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- Fines-md feitures inflicted by this Act, shall be recoverable before any of Fli; F^rfehurs,

[Lee. Per.] 35 S Ma- be

3198

vered before a J a llice of the Peace.

Avowing an Appeal.

Proceedings not to be quashed or removed by Certiorari.

49‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 157.

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, on the Information exhibited by the said Governor and Company within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed; and every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses on Oath and hear and determine the fame, and all and every Sum or Sums so recovered, shall, in case of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders repeft-ively, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Sral of any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or reside; and all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties (the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly directed) shall be paid into the Hands of the Secretary to the said Governor and Company, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, or forfeitures, and the Experrces of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or Houseof Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be looner paid and satisfied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said Governor and Company or their Directors, or by any Order, Judgment, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may, within Six Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgement, or'Determination shall have been made or given(fiift giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint is intended to be made), appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or (Quarter Se (lions to be held in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall, in a summary way, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General or Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper mav adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of I'uch Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and may all'o order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable j but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Writs or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation of

XV. And be 1C lusher enacted, That if any Information shall be Actions. brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done

in

49° GEORGII III. 157. 3*9.9

in pursuance of this Act, every such Information shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast corqmitped, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That (ipthiogio thi$ Saving the Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejyfjicje Rights of th* or take away any Right, Property, or Jurisdiction of the Mayor, or"®^0*-Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London to, in,- and-Lon 0<' upon the River of Thames aforesaid, whether as Conservator of the f*id

River or in any other Respect whatsoever j nevertheless it shall lawful, as there shall be Occasion for effecting the Purposes of this Act, to cut and dig the Bank or Wall and Shore and Bed of the River of Thames, with such Approbation as aforesaid, within the Limits aforesaid, to the Dillance of Two hundred and Forty Feet from the Bank of the Paid River, extending from thence in any right Line beyond Low Water Mark into the Bed of the said River, and to lay or drive therein a Pipe or Pipes, Trunk or Trunks, for drawing Water from the said River of Thames, and also to construct and erect a Frame or Frames, as hereinbefore described, at, upon, or over the End or Extremity of the said Pipe or Pipes, Trunk or Trunks, for drawing, conveying, admitting, or receiving Water as aforesaid, and for inclosing and protecting the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Com- Dlrefling pany shall pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the what shall be City of London the Sum of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, as a Fine Pald to the or Acknowledgment for the Liberty of cutting and digging the Bank or London for Wall and Shore and Bed of the River of Thames beyond Low Water cutting into Mark, and for laying or driving therein a Pipe or Pipes, Trunk or the Thames Trunks, or for constructing, placing, and erecting such Frame or j’?1'1,' Water Frames as aforesaid, for the Purposes aLresaid; and also pay to the said a,lt' Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, their Successors,

Collectors, or Assigns ferever an Annual Rent or Sum of Five Pounds

and Five Shillings, after the said Bank or Wall and Shore and Bed shall be cut and dug for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Approbation as aforesaid j and such Annual Sum is hereby charged upon and made payable by and may be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors by Action of Debt or on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Steam Chelsea Wa-Fngine to be erected by the said Governor and Company for any of the reworks. Purposes of this Act, shall be made upon the belt and most unproved Construction for consuming its own Smoke, or otherwise the Chimney

of every such Engine shall be made of such Height or Elevation and of such Construction, as will effectually prevent any Nuijance or Annoyance happening to any Person or Persons living or residing in the neighbourhood of any such Engine by means of the Smoke arising therefrom, and that it shall not be lawtul :or the said Governor and Company to erect any Steam Engine other than such as shall be of fui h Conllruction as aforesaid, or having the Chimney thereof of such Height or Elevation

and

3200

[Public Act.]

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 157.

and Construction as aforesaid, any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall' be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 158.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Submit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester, to a certain Place in the said Forest called Cinderford Bridge.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the mak'ng and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Summit of the Hill above Churchwiiy Engine, in His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to a certain Place in the said forest called Cinderford Bridge, with Collateral Branches therefrom, as'hetein-after mentioned, will open an easy and commodious Communication with the Collieries of the said Forest, whereby the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, and other Products of the said Forest will be. greatly facilitated, and will also in other respectsbe of great public Utility: And whereas Roynon Jones the younger Esquire, Margaret Roberts Widow, William Fendalland Janies Jef Esquires, are Joint Owners and Proprietors for the Remainder now to come of Two several Terms of Ninety-nine Tears lately granted, and which commenced respedUvel.y on the Fhtorth and Fifth Days of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, of a certain Railway already formed and nearly completed, leading from the said Place called Cinderford Bridge towards and unto the River Severn, , r’ tLoc.&Perl] 35 7" at

3202 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

at or near a Place called Bullo Pill, in the Parish of Newnham in the said County; which last mentioned Railway is, during the said Terms, their own private Property, and was not made under the Authority of Parliament: And wherea* they the said Roynon Jones, Margaret Roberts, Wil-Ham Fen^allj and James Jelf, are willing and desirous at their own Expence, to thake and maintain the said firit mentioned Railway or Tram-road, and other Works, but cannot effect the fame without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Proprietor* fame. That the said Roynon Jones, Margaret Roberts, William Fendall, and Company!&c. Jamts 7e(fi and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and are hereby united into a Company for making, completing, and maintaining the said first: mentioned Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branches and other Works, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-afeer mentioned, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Corporate by the Name and Style of "The Bullo Pill Rail-" way Company," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and the said Company shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make, complete, and maintain, and from Time to Time to alter a Railway or Tramroad, passable for Waggons or other Carriages, from the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in His Majesty's Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester, to a certain Place in the said Forest called Cinderford Bridge; and also to make, complete, and maintain one Collateral Branch of Railway therefrom, to lead and extend from a certain Place in the said Forest called The Dam, to the Coalpits in the said Forest, called The Upper and Lower Bilson Works, and to make, complete, and maintain one other Collateral Branch of Railway, to lead and extend from the said Place called The Dam to a certain other Place in the said Forest called Kelmjley Green -, and to make, complete, and maintain one other Collateral Branch of Railway or Tramroad from the said first mentioned Railway or Tramroad hereby authorized to be made, to lead and extend from a certain other Place in the said Forest called Nofcld Engine to the Engines in the said Forest called Nofold Green and The Old Engine; and for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, Surveyors, and Workmen are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of or belonging to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and to survey and take Levels of the fame or any Part thereof, and to fee out and appropriate for the Purposes herein-beforej and herein-after mentioned, such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for making or altering the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branches hereby empowered to be made, and all such other Works, Matters, and Conveniences as they shall think proper andjneceffury for making, effecting, preserving, improving, completing, maintaining, and using the famei and also to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, take, carry away, lay, use, and manufacture any Earth, Clay, Stone, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, (leaving such Trees for the Use of His Majesty), Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branches or other Works

J*03

4.90 GGEORGII III. Cap. i$&.

Works hereby empowered to be made out of the Lands or Grounds of or belonging to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and which may be proper, requisite, or necessary for making, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, altering, or repairing the said Railway or Tram-road, Collateral Branches and other Works hereby empowered to be made, or which may hinder, prevent, or cbftruft the making, using, or completing, altering, extending, or maintaining the lame respectively, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and also co build, erect, and fee up, in, under, over, or upon the said Railway or Tramroad,

Collateral Branches and other Works hereby empowered to be made, or upon the Lands belonging to His said Majesty adjoining or near to the fame, such and so many Bridges, Piers, Arches, Tunnels, Aqueducts, Sluices, Floodgates, Weirs, Pens for Water, Wharfs, Houses, Warehouses,

Tollhouses, Landing Places, Weighing Beams, Cranes, Fire Engines, or other Machines and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniencies, as and where the said Company shall think necessary and convenient for the Purposes of the said Undertaking; and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend, or discooiinue the fame, and to make, divert, alter, widen, enlarge, and extend any Ways, Roads, Passages or other Works, or Conveniencies, as well for carrying or conveying of Coals, Stones,

Minerals, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Articles to and from the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branches, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, or which may be useful for any of the Purposes thereof, as also to place, lay, work, or manufacture the said Materials, on the Lands or Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Works or any of them shall be, or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done j and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences or Paf-l’ages over, under. O'- through the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branches, and to make, let out, and appoint tuch Roads and Ways convenient for haling or drawing of Waggons or other Carriages passing upon the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branches hereby authorized to be made, with Men, Horses, or otherwise, and proper Places for Waggons and other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, as they the said Company of Proprietors shall think convenient j and to construct, creel, and keep in Repair any Piers, Arches, and other Works, in upon and across any Rivers or Brooks for the making, effecting, preserving, improving, completing, using, maintaining, and repairing of the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branches and other Wotks Hereby authorized to be made, and to construct, erect, make and do all other Matters and Things which they shall think convenient or necessary for the (naking, effecting, altering, preserving, improving, completing, and using of the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branches and other Wotks to be made and constructed in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, they the said Company, their Deputies, Agents,

Servants,1 and Workmen doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, without making any Compensation for any such Damage to His Majesty for the fame (except as herein-after is mentioned); and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify v the said Company or their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, subject to such Provisoes and Restrictions as herein-after contained: Provided always, that where the Whe,c Ra;i said Railway or Tramroad hereby authorized to be made, shall cross any way oofiis"

Turnpike

32°4

Plan and Map lobe deposited with Clerk of the Peace.

Enabling the Company to deviate from the Line laid down in the Plan.

lirea 'th of he L;<nd to be taken for the Railway.

Land to be vested in the Pioprierors.

4.9* GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

Turnpike Road or public Highway, the Ledge or Flanch of the Railway (or th. Purpose of guiding the Wheels of the Carriages, shall not exceed One Inch in Heighth above the Level of the Road.

II. And whereas a Survey has been taken to ascertain the Practicability of making the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branches and other Works hereby authorized to be made, and a Map or Plan thereof hath been drawn; be it therefore enacted, That there shall be Two Parts of the said Map or Plan Severally deposited, one with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, and the other with the Clerk to the said Railway Company; to eicher of which Maps or Plans all Persons shall have liberty to resort, and to search for and examine the same as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks for every such Search or Examination the Sum of One Shilling; and a Copy of such Map or Plan shall also be deposited in the Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General of Woods and Forests.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors in making the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branches hereby authorized to be made, shall not deviate more than shall be necessary for that Purpose, and not more than One hundred Yards from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, nor cut, carry, or convey the fame Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branches into, through, across, under, or over any Part or Parts of the Land or Ground belonging to His said Majesty, other than such Part or Parts thereof as are described in the said Map or Plan, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the Time being, on previous Application in Writing made to him for that Purpose, signed by some Person duly authorized on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors; but nothing herein contained shall extend to restrain or prevent the said Company of Proprietors from making any Deviation from the Course or Direction of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Works hereby authorized to be made,' cr Alteration of the fame, in case the said Surveyor General shall consent thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Land and Ground to be used for the Purposes of this Act, shall not exceed Seven Yards in Breadth, except in such Places where it shall be judged necessary for Waggons or other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, or for raising Embankments, or for cioffing the Valleys, or in deep Cuttings, and in those Places only such Breadih of Land as shall beabfulutely necessary, or where any Ware-houfts, Cranes or Weighing Beams may beertifted, or where any Places may be set out or appropriated for the Reception or Delivery of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which shall be conveyed on the said Railway, and not above Sixty Yards in any Place, without the Consent of the said Surveyor General in Writing for that Purpose fiift had and obtained.

V. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon or after any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments of or belonging to His laid Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be set cut and ascertained for making the Lid Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branches or other Works hereby authorized to be made, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Lands, Grounds,

or

3205

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 158.

mr Hereditaments so set out and ascertained, and thej Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof in Possession, shall by for re of this Act vest in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors for ever, on Payment to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the yearly Sum herein-after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the Appointing said Company of Proprietors for putring-' this Act in Execution, shall be tfj1 fi. Gw n-ai held at the King's Head Inn in the City of Gloucrjler, on the Third Monday Ainmhiics'of next after the passing of this Act, at the Haur of Eleven in the Forenoon, u>e Company, and the Second and every other General Assembly, at such Times and

Places as shall at such First or any subsequent Assembly of the said Proprietors or the major Part of them be appointed; and the said Company of Proprietors at such respective Assemblies or the nvjoi- Part of them then present, shall have Power and Authority to make Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the aood Government of the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents and Workmen, for making, maintaining, and using she said Railway cr Tramroad, Collateral Branches, and other Works hereby authorised to be mad<^ and all other Conveniences, Matters, and Things relating thereto, and f< r and concerning all such Goods and Cotnmoditics as lh ill be conveyed ti creon, and also for the Management of all Persons •who shall be employed n the conveying of my Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles and Things upon uny Part of the said Railway or Tramroad, or Collateral Branches and other Works hereby authorized •to be made, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal and again to renew the said Bye Laws, Orders, and R.guiations, and to impose and inffft such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against the fame, as to the major Parc of the said Company of Pfopttct rs at such Meetings shall leeni meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, such Fires and Forfeitures to be levied and recovered by such Ways'and Means as herein-afrer mentioned; which Lid Rules,

Bye Laws, and Orders being reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and printed and published,shall be binding upon and oblierved by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity tojuftify all Persons who shall act under the lame, provided they be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any Directions in this Act contained; and every such General Assembly shall have Power to call for, audit and settle all Accounts for Money received, laid out and dtfbursed on account of the said Undertaking by the Treasurers,

Receivers, or Collectors of the Rates, and other Officer by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons employed by or concerned for cr under them in and about the said Railway or Tramroad hereby authorized to be made. Collateral Branches and other Works thereto belonging; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places as at such General Assemblies shall be thought proper and convenient.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Oftcem to the ■Company of Proprietors at any General Meeting assembled by virtue of

this Act, and they are hereby required from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers and Clerk, and such other Officers [Lee. Ss* Per.] 35 U as

3206 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

zs they shall think proper, and to take sufficient Security from every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk and other Officer having the Care or Custody of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove and again to replace any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or other Officer or any of them; and such Clerk shall attend the General Meetings and Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall Irom Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue and under the Authority of this Act; and that every Proprietor of the said Undertaking, shall and may at all convenient Times have Recourse to and perule and tnfped the fame, and may demand and have Copies thereof or of any Putt thereof, paying Eight-pence for every One hundred Words so to be copied; and if any such Clerk shall refuse to permit any of the said Proprietors to ir.spect or peruse any such Books at all convenient Times and Sealons, or refuse to make any Inch Copy cr Cop ies in a reasonable Time at the Rate aforesaid, he shall for evtry fuih Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, for the Benefit of the said Undettaking; and whenever any such Treasurer or Clerk shall die or be removed from or quit the Service of the said Company of Ptopiictors, it Brail be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being or the Majority of them, to appoint fume ocher fit Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Clerk in the Place of him or them so dying, being removed, or quitting the said Service.

Books of Ac-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That proper Books of Account and count to be other Matters relating to the said Undertaking shall be kept, and that

kept' all such Books shall be deposited and kept under the Direction of the said Company of Proprietors lor the Time being, at such Place or Places as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct; and every Proprietoi; or Proprietors at all reasonable Times shall have free Acctfs to the lame for his, her, or their Inspection, without Fee 01 Reward.

Bo«er to take Anc^ 'n Consideration of the great Charge and Expence which the

It.tes, ace. said Company of Proprietors will sustain in making and maintaining the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branches and other the Wotks hereby authorized to be made; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fur the said Company of Proprietors, from Time to Lime ard at all Times h reafter, to ask, demand, take, recover, and receive to :n i for their twn U c and Bon fit, for the Tonnage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandiz-s and other Things which shall be carried ot conveyed upon the fame Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branches, or upon any Put or Paicd thereof the Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; that is to say.

For all C al, C ke, Culm, Stone, Coal-Cinders, Chalk, Marie, Sand, Lime, Clay, Allies, Peat, Linie-ltone, Iron-stone, Iron, or other Ore,

and

Tarmac*

Rates.

GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

■znd other Minerals and Bricks, the Produce of the said Forest, which shall be hauled or carried on the said Railway or Tramroad hereby authorized ■to be made, from any Place or Places whatsoever within the said Fore it, to or near to the said Place called Cinderford Bridge, such Sum ss the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence per Ton for such entire Distance:

For all Coal, Coke, Culm, Stone, Coal Cinders, Chalk, Marie, Sand,

Lime, Clay, Allies, Peat, Lune-tlone, Tron-ltone, Iron, or other Ore, and other Minerals and, Brick$ the Produce of the said Forest, which shall be carried or borne upon the said Railway or Tramroad hrreby authorized to be made, from one Place to another within the said Forest, such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct or ap- _ poinr, not exceeding Sixpence perTjn per Mile:

And for all Timber, Goods, Commodities, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever, to be hauled or carried on the said Railway or Tramroad hereby authorized to be made, whether the Produce if the said Forest or not, and for Payment for the Carriage of which Provision is not hereinbefore made, such Sum or Sums as the said Company of P.opriators shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, not exceeding Sixpence per Ton per Mile.

And in all Cases where there shall be a Fradion of a Ton, a Proportion Drclannj of the said Ratys shall be demanded and taken for such, Fraction, a cord- Fia'a oi'a ing to the Number of Quarters of a 'Pon contained in such Fraction; and * loa. 3"d * where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton, such Fiadion shall mV.'fccT * be deemed and considered as a whole Quarier of a Ton; and in all Cafis where there shall be a Fradion of a Mile in the Ddtance which any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall pass upon the said Railway or Tram, road hereby authorized to be made, such Fraction shall, in ascertaining the said Rates, be deemed and considered as Half a Mile; and in order to ascertain such Distances, the said Company of Proprietors shall caufs 10 be measured the said Ra lway or Tramroad hereby authodzed to be made, and Stones or Pods wiih proper Inscriptipijs to be erected and mdetained on the Sides of the lame, at the Didance or One Mile iron* each other, or at such other Didance as the said Company shall tmnk fir.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Rates herein authorized to be Mimv-rcf demanded and taken shall be paid to such Person or Person, at such Place ^r‘ns or Places at or near the said Railway or Tramroad hereby author!.-.ed to be made, in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Company of Proprietors at some General or Special Assembly or Ademblies shall direct or appoint; and in cafeof Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such Rates or any Part thereof on Demand, to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company may (ue fur the fame by Action of Debt cr upon the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or the Person or Persons to whom such Rates ought to have been paid, may and he or they is and are hereby authorized to seize the Goods or other Things for or in respect whereof any such Rates ought to have been paid, or any Part thereof, and the Waggon or other Carriage laden therewith, and detain the fame until such Payment shall be

-3-207

F

32o8 4.9* GEORGII III. Cap. 158*

be made, and also until Payment made of all Arrears of any Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, as the Case may be, to the said Company, together with the reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention; and if such Goods shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold as the Law directs in Cases of D:Itrel's for Rent •, and the said Company of Proprietors or the major Part of them, shall have full Power from Time to Time, at any General Assembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates, and again to raise the lame as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Rates before mentioned, as often as shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

'^owered^to"1* 'c further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-

;{*a^ the Rate#. pany, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any of their General Assemblies, by Writing under their Common Seal, at any Time or Times to let to farm the Rates hereby made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Railway or Tramroad hereby authorized to be made, unto any Person or Pci suns for any Term or Time they shall think proper, not exceeding the Term of Three Years from the Commencement of any Lease, and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual; and the Lessee or LelTces thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Ldfees shall appoint to collectc and receive the Rates so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease be deemed Collectors of the Rates so ler, but for the proper Use of such Lessee or Lessees, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said, Company of Proprietors.

Owners of XII. And, for the better ascertaining and more easily collecting the °an \c- ^aic* ^ates > *3e lf father enacted, That the Owner or Owners, or Person count in Writ- or Persons having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage passing upon jug of Lading. the said Railway or Tramroad or any Parc thereof, shall give an exact and true Account in Writing, signed by him or them, to the Collectors of the said Rates, at the Place or Places where they shall attend for that Purpose, of what Quantity of Goods or other Things as aforesaid, shall be in such Waggon or other Carriage respectively, and with respect to such Waggon or o'her Cu riage, f om whence brought, and where the same are intended to be unloaded or left; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to give such Account to any such Collector demanding the fame, or shall wilfully gve a Life Accounc, or shall deliver any Part of his Goods at any other P.ace than what is or are mentioned in such Account, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates or any Part of them, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Goods and other Things, andfo in proportion for any less Quantity than - a Ten which shall be in any fu. h Waggon or other Carriage respectiVelv,

of which futh Account shall be so retufed to be given, or which shall b' fraudulently delivered out as aforesaid, (as the Case shall happen to '. vc and above the respective Rates dirt sted to be paid for the same l'j vi.uk haeuf.

XIII. And.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

XIII. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Goods and other Things to be charged with the Payment of such Rates as aforesaid, be it further enacted and declared, That One hundred and twenty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed, rated, oreffimated as and for One hundred Weight; any Usage to the contrary nocwithllanciing.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shal] arise be* tween any Collector of the said Rates, and the Owner or Person having the Charge of any Waggon or other Carriage, or (he Owner of any Goods or other Things, it shall be lawful lor any such Collector to Hop and detain any such Waggon or other Carriage, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or caoie to be weighed, measured, or gauged such Waggon or other Carriage, and all such Goods and other T hings as shall be therein contained respectively; and in case the same shall upon such weighing, measuring, or gauging, appear to be of greater Weight or Quantity than what is let forth and contained in the Account given thereot as aforesaid, then the Owner or Person giving in such Account, shall pay the Colls and Charges of fuih weighing, measuring, and gauging, all which said Costs and Charges upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as die fold Rates are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if such Goods or other Things shall appear to be or the fame or less Weight or Quanticy than the Account given thereof by the said Owner or other Person, then the said Collector shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging, and shall also pay to such Owner or Person, or toihe Owner or Owners of such Goods or other Things, such Damages as shall appear on the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath any One of His Majesty's Jultiers of the Peace of and for the said Coorty, is hereby empowered to administer) to have aril'en from such Detention, and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Collector, the same shall be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors by Action*of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmwjicr.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever, except as herein-after is excepted, shall have free Liberty jto use with Horles, Cattle, and Carriages, the Roads, Ways, and PalLges to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of conveying any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things, to or from the said Railway or Tramroac} hereby authorized to be made and every Part thereof, without paying any Thing for the Use of such Roads, Ways, and Passages, and also to pais upon and use the said Railway or Tramroad hereby authorized to be made, with Waggons or other Carriages properly constructed respectively as htrein-after mentioned, upon Payment cf such Rates as shall be demanded by the said Company of Proprietors, not exceeding the respective Sums herein-before for that Purpose mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company determined by virtue of the Powers herein granted.

XVI. And, in Consideration of the Powers and Privileges hereby gran ed to the said Company of Proprietors; be it further enacted, That the Miners of the said Furdt, (except as htrein-after is excepted) shall

[Lee. & Per.J 35 have

320*

Weight of Tonnage a Ice i tamed.

If any Difference concerning Weight, Collectors may weigh or measure Waggon*.

Railway hereby authorized to be fi ee on Payment <jt Rates.

Railway from Cinderford Bridge \'o the Sevcrn, to be free for certain. Rates, etc.

%2XQ

'But loch last mentioned Railway not to be a publick Way for any other Perhui,

Timber grow* ing in His Majesty’a

c/

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

have Liberty during the Continuance of the said present or any future Terms and Interest of them the said Company of Proprietors therein, to use the said private Railway or Tramroad leading from Cinderford Bridge aforesaid, to the River Severn at or near Bullo Pill aforesaid, as well for the hauling and carrying their Coals thereon, as also for hauling and conveying thereon Timber and Wood to be bond fide applied and employed by them for the Use of their said Coal-pits, Mines, and Quarries, and that all Timber, Wood and Bark to be feiled and (tripped in the said Forest under the Direction of the said Surveyor General, shall and may during the Continuance of such present and future Terms and Interest be hauled, carried, and conveyed upon and along the fame Railway or Tram-road, upon Payment of such Rates as shall be demanded by the said Company of Proprietors, not exceeding the respective Sums herein-afterin that behalf particularly mentioned, (that is to lay); for all Bark to be stripped within the said Forest, and for all Coal of and belonging to the said Mi-ners, and for all Timber and Wood to be by the said Miners bond fide applied and employed for the Use of their Coal-pits, Mines, and Quarries within the said Forest, which shall be hauled or carried upon the said private Railway leading from Cinderford Bridge aforesaid to the said River Severn, at or near to Bullo Pill aforesaid, at any Time during the present or any future Term and Terms, and Interest of them the said Company of Proprietors of and in the said private Railway, such Sum or Sums as they the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, not exceeding Four Shillings and Sixpence per Ton for the entire Distance: and for all Timber and Wood to be felled in the said Forest, under the Direction of His Majesty's said Surveyor General, and which shall be carried or conveyed upon the said private Railway, at any Time during the Continuance of the said present or any future Term and Terms and Interest of them the said Company of Proprietors of and in such private Railway, such Sum or Sums as they the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, not exceeding Two-pence per Foot for the entire Distance.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make the said last-mtntioned Railway or Tramroad or any Part thereof, a publick or common Railway or Tramroad, or to be used by any Person or Persons whomsoever, without the special Licence of them the said Company of Propritw tors, other than and except such Miners as aforesaid, and only for the Purposes aforesaid, and other than and except for the Conveyance of Timber, Wood, and Bark to be felled and stripped within the said Forest, under the Direction of the said Surveyor General as aforesaid; but that on the contrary the fame Railway or Tramroad, with all Roads, Ways, and Passages belonging thereto, shall be, remain, and continue (except so far ard only so far as aforesaid) the private Property of them the said Company of Proprietors to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in such and the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XVIII. And whereas it is expedient that all Timber growing in His Majesty's Forcfts, should be, as far as is puflible, reserved for the Uses of the Navy j and also, that as much of the Lands of His Majesty's said

Forcfts

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

Forests as is fit for the Growth of Timber applicable to such Uses, should be employed in the Production thereof, and the Timber growing or to be produced thereon protected from Injury and Depredation j be it further enacted, That no Coal, Stone, or Iron-Ore shall be carried upon or along the said Railway hereby empowered to be made, or any Part thereof, from any Fit, Mine, or Quarry, the Owner or Occupier of which, after the said Main Line shall be completed, for or in respect of the sinking, opening, or using such Pit, Mine, or Quarry, shall claim to be entitled to and shall receive any Timber or Wood of the said Forest growth; and that no Coal, Stone, or Iron-Ore shall be carried upon or along the said Main Line or Branches of Railway hereby empowered to be made, from any Pit, Mine, or Quarry to be hereafter sunk or opened at the Distance of more than One hundred Yards from the said Main Line or Branches of Railway, without the Consent in Writing of the said Surveyor General for the Time being, on a previous Application to him in Writing, and signed by the Miner or Miners desirous of opening such Pit, except in the case of any Pit, Mine, or Quarry to be hereafter sunk or opened in any of the Plains, or flat, wet: and marshy Parts of the said Forest, called and known by the Name of Greens, the Coal, Stone, or Iron-Ore dug and got from which last-mentioned Pits, Mines, or Quarries, so to be hereafter sunk or opened upon any of the said Greens, it shall be lawful to carry upon or along the said Railway hereby empowered to be made, or any Part thereof, although the fame may be at a greater Distance than One hundred Yards from the said Main Line or Branches of Railway, and may have been sunk or opened without such previous Application to and Consent of the said Surveyor General as aforesaid; and every Owner or Occupier of every such Pir, Mine, or Quarry, offending herein, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Coal, Stone, or Iron-Ore which shall be so taken, carried, or conveyed as aforesaid, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity; and every Carrier (not being Owner thereof) knowingly carrying or conveying the fame, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and all such Coal, Stone, or Iron-Ore shall be seized, taken, and forfeited, and the said several Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed in respect thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to His Majesty's Use.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein

contained shall affect, alter, or restrid in any way, or be construed to affect, alter, or restrict any of His Majesty's lawful Rights to any Share of the Produce of any Mines opened or to be opened and worked in the said Forest or any Composition for the fame, or otherwise, or any Powers, Jurisdiction, or Authority which by Law appertained to His Majesty with respect to the opening and working of such Mines, and to the Produce thereof, and which have lawfully been or may be exercised on behalf of His laid Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His Officer of the said Forest, called and known by the Designation of the Keeper of His Majesty's Gawles, or the lawful and sufficientDeputy or Deputies of such Officer. r

XX. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to

limit

3211

Forest, to be for the Use the Navy. &c.

Not to affect

His Majesty's Rights to any Share of the Produce of Mines, &e.

This Act not to abridge the Rights of Pile

$212

Majesty under *o C, *. and

4.8 G. 3. &c.

Clerk to deliver to the Surveyor Ge-jicral, ike.

I.ills of Free Mine'?, ike, uling the Kail#ay.

Penalty cji

Proprietors and Ccller-tors pet «»iting fuel! Minas 10 pais.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 158.

limit or abridge the Right now veiled in His Majesty, by an Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the Forest of Dean; and an Act of the Fcrty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New Forests, to inclose, fevtr, and improve, plant, and hold in Severalty any Part of the Waste or Open Lands of the said Fared of Bean, for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, freed and discharged from all Rights, Titles, Privileges, and Claims whatsoever, as exten-fively and in such Manner as is authorized by the said two last-mrntioned Acts or either of them; and that in case any Pit, Mine, or Stone Quarry for the digging and getting of Coal-, Stone, or Iron-Ore therein and therefrom, shall have been or at any Time hereafter shall be opened within any Part of the said Waste, or epen and uninclosed Lands which shall or may be deemed at any Time hereafter proper so to be inclosed as aforesaid, the Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers, and the Miner or Miners co.teemed or in any way interested in such Pit, Mine, or Stone Quarry, on receiving Notice in Writing from the Surveyor General for the Time being, that such Lands are intended to be inclosed for the Purposes aforesaid, and by virtue of the said Act«, Hull be and is and are hereby required, within S.x Calendar Months from the Dace of such Notice, to relinquifti and abandon the Working of any such Pit, Mine, or Stone Quarry, or in Cases whtre the said Surveyor General Ihaft signiry in Writing his Consent thereto, to fence oft" the fame from the rest of the said Lands, and the Road leading thereto on each Side, and in such Manner as shall be required by the Lid Surveyor General, and so as not to leave more than the Width of Seven Yards for such Road between ihe Fences on each Side thereof; in which Cafe, with such Content, it shall be lawful to continue to work such Pit, Mine, or Stone Quarry, notwithstanding any such inclosure of the Lands in which the same shall be ficuated.

XXI. And be it further enacted, that the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors or Persons appointed to collect the Tolls, shall on Monday Morning in every Week deliver unto the said Surveyor General or his Deputy, or any Person to be employed by such Deputy ro obtain the fame, a List in Writing of the Name and Names of all and every Free Miner or Free Miners, whole Coals, Stone, or Iron Ore, llnil bave been carried through (heir respective Gates in the preceding Week, and of the Carrier and Carriers hauling and conveying the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor General or his Deputy shall f.otn Time to Time make out and give to the Ckik if the laiu Company of P. opiietors, a List of the Names of all and every the Free Miners who shall hereatter open any Pit at the Diltance of mote than One hundred Yards ftom the said Main Line or Branches of Railway hereby authorized to be made, without such Application to and Consent of the said Surveyor General or other Perf.in duly authorized as aforesaid, and slfo of all and every the Free Miners who shall, after the Ccflipi.tion of the said Main Line of Railway hereby authorized to be made, uaim and receive such Timber for sinking, opening, or working any Pit, Mine, or Quarry within the said Fureft, and whole Names the aid Clerk (hill cause io be written on aBaard under a Superiaipuon denoting that such Persons claim and receive such Timber, and fix the fame up to public

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. i

View at each Gate on the said Railway where the Tolls shall be collected; and if any Collector shall at any Time or Times permit or suffer any Coal, Stone, or Iron-Ore, knowing the same to be the Property of any Person or Persons named in the said Tabie, 10 pals Inch Gate or Gates, the said Company of Proprietors shall so teit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the said Collector any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to the Use of His said Majesty, for each and every such Offence; and if the said Deputy Surveyor or any Person employed by him, or such Collector or Collectors, shall fuspect any Coal, Stone, or Iron-Ore hauled or carried on the said Railway or Tramroad, 10 be the Property of any such Free Miner or free Miners, or of any Person who shall have purchased the rfame from, or obtained the fame under colour of the Name or Privilege of such Free Miner, although such Fast shall be denied by the Carrier, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Surveyor or his Assistants or such Coi-lc-dtor to seize any such Coal, Stone, or Iron-Ore; and in case such Seizure shall be made by such Collector, he is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the Did Deputy Surveyor, who is also hereby required to cause Information to be made of such Seizure before any One or more of His Majesty's justices of the Peace for the said County of Gieucester, which Justice or Justices shall, after due Notice and Summons to the Party informed against, have Power to hear and determine the said Complaint, and to summon all and every other Person or Persons to appear before him or them, and to give Evidence upon Oath thereon; and upon such Hearing the Proof chat such Coal, Stone, and Iron-Ore was not the Property of a Free Miner claiming or receiving Timber or Wood from the said Fortft, or was not dug ci rafted in such Pit opened beyond the Dili ;e of One hundred Yards from the said Main Line or Main Branches, without the Consent in Writing of the said Surveyor General as aforesaid (excep as afore-staid), shall rest upon the Owmr offech Coal, S:onr, or Iron-Ore, or the Carrier thereof; and in case such Seizure fli.ili appear to such Justice or Justices to have been iiregular and illegal, or to have been made without a reasonable Ground of Suspicion, such Justice or Justices shall have Power and Auth rity to award such Satisfaction to the Party injured as he or they shall think fit.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Coals, Stone, h on-Ore or other Articles, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, to be carried on the said Ra Iway hereby authorized to be made, shall be unladen or delivered within the said Foitft, unless where it may be necessary to transfer the fame from one Railway Cart to another, or to some other Carriage, by directly loading the One into the other to proceed immediately; and unkfs at such other Place or Places, where either of che principal Lines of Railway shall interfed or communicate with any King’s Highway in the said Forest, which, on Application in Writing to the said Surveyor General, shall be consented to by him, at which last-mentioned Places of Depofu so to be consented to, no Inclosures, Buildings, or covered Warehouses shall be permitted to be erected or made; and that no Timber Wood or Bark of any Sort, other than such of His Majesty's Timber Wood and Bark as shall have been felled and stripped in the said ..Fortft ur.der the Authority and Direction of His said Majesty's Surveyor General, shall be loaded or carried on or along any Part of the said Railway hereby authorized to be made within the said Forest, under the Penalty of [Loc. & Per,'] 55 T any

No Gods to De unladen in the Foiffi: except, dec*

3214-

Inspectori to

be appointed who may Search Cart*, Arc. and detain fufjH&ed ii'erfous.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

*ny Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, if the Driver (Fall be the Owner of such Carriage, or of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings if he foaii be the Driver only, for each and every such Offence, and also of the Forfeiture of such Timber, Wood and Bark, such Penalty and Forfeiture to be to the Use of His laid Majesty, and to b- recovered as aftermentioned, five and except that it shall be lawful for the said Miners of (he said Forest, by themselves or their Agents, or by the said Carriers, to haul and bring into the said Forest such Timber and Wood as shall be necessary for the Use of the Coal-pits, Mines, and Quarries within the said Forest, and to be bond Jide used in getting the Produce thereof; but in which cale the Person or Persons for whom the same shall be brought, shall cause at the least Two Days previous Notice in Writing to be given to the Deputy Surveyor of the said Forest, of the Time of carrying the fame, and of the Parts of the fai f Railway over which the fame is intended to pals, by leaving inch Notice at his Dwelling House or delivering it in Person; and for the Conveyance of which from the Entrance of the said Forest to the Pit, Mine, or Quarry where the same shall be unloaded or uled, reasonable 7'ime to be specified in Writing by the said Deputy Surveyor, not exceeding Six Houis, shall be given ■, and any Person offending ag. inst the Exception cr Privilege aforesaid in any Manner, shall be considered a wrong Doer, ab initio, and be subject to the Penalty and Forfeiture hereinbefore imposed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's said Surveyor General for the 7'ime being, from l'ime to Time to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as he shall think necessary, ■for the Purpose of preventing Thefts and Frauds on the said Railway, Tramroad and other Works hereby authorized to be made, and also for inspecting, enquiring, and reporting to the said Surveyor General or his Depury, whether the Conditions herein mentioned and directed, in Consideration of the Liberty and Privilege hereby given, have been by the said Company of Proprietors duly kept and performed; and each of such Persons so appointed shall and may from 7'ime to Time, as often as they or either of them shall fee Occasion, flop, detain, examine, and l'caich any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, going or travelling on the said Railway or Tramroad, or other Works hereby authorized to be made, which there shall be Reason to suspect hath ary Timber or Bark stolen or unlawfully procured from or out of the said Forest, and also to apprehend and detain or cause to be apprehended and detained any Person or Persons who may be reasonably fu<peded of having or conveying of the fame, and such Person or Persons shall be fas soon as conveniently may be) conveyed before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester; and if such Person or Persons shall not give such an Account and makr* Proof of the Manner of his, her, or their coming by such 7imber or Baik, which shall upon Investigation be faiisfadtory to such Justice or Justices; or if such Person or Persons shall nor, upon being required lo to do, produce ihe Party or Parties from whom he, file, or they received the fame; or if such Person or Persons shall produce the Party or Parties last aforesaid, and upon the Whole of the Evidence it shall appear to the Satis-fafti. n of such Justice or Justices, that the Person or Persons so suspected did, at the Time of his, her, or their receiving such Timber, into his her, or their Possession, believe or had reasonable Cause to believe that the fame

3215

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

fame was unlawfully come by or obtained, such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemesnour, and being the Driver and Owner of every such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding •Ten Pounds, and not being such Owner any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, such Forfeitures to be applied and disposed of to and for the Benefit of H;s laid Majesty.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company or Proprietors shall on the First Day of "January in every Year, pay or cause o •be paid unto the said Surveyor General or his Deputy for the Time being, for the Use of His said Majesty, a Sum ac and after the Rate of One Guinea per Week for and towards the Costs and Charges which will be •incurred by His said M.ijrfty, in appointing and keeping such Inspectors; and also the further Rent or Sum of One hundred Pounds yearly, lor the Liberties and Privileges hereby given, such Payment for the said Ptfpeclors to commence from and to continue only during such Time as such Officer shall be appointed and employed for that Purpose by the said Surveyor •General, and the said yearly Rent from the Twenty-fifth Day of D amber in the Year of ou 1 Lord O e thousand fight hundred and ten, or from any earlier Period at which the said MainLine of Railway hereby authorized to be made shall be completed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum at and after the Rate of One Guinea per Week, and also the said further Rent or Sum of ■One hundred Pounds yearly, herein before directed to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors unto the said Surveyor General or his Deputy for the Time being, for the Use of His said Majesty, shall be charged on the Tolls, Rates, or Duties hertin before granted; and in case either of such Sums shall be in Arrearand unpaid for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the same shall beCome due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Hi.' Surveyor General or his Deputy to appoint one or mote Person or Persons to receive the said Tolls, Rates-, or Duties, and to be and continue in the C Jkftion and Receipt thereof, until such Sum or Sums, and all Arrears thereof, with the Costs and Charges of receiving and recovering thereof, shall be fully paid and satisned, or the fame may befued for and recovered from the said Company of Proprietors, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General or his Deputy, for and in the Marne of His said Majesty, to seize and distrain any Waggons, Carriages, or other Goods and Effects of the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, which shall be found on the said Railway or other Wotks hereby authoriz d to be made, and to detain the fame until Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Dif-trels shall be fully made, and if such Distress shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after the same shall be taken, and Notice thereof given in Writ ng to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, or left for him at his last or usual Place of Abode, then such Waggons, Carriages, or other Goods or Effects so distrained, shall and may be appraised and fold, in such Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Diltrels for Rent.

Payment so Infps-flors, so 1 ue Privilege* hereby given.

Declaring how the said Payments shall be recovered from the Company*

3*i6

Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy tm-yiowereH to lay Collateral Iane3 of Railway.

Company not

to interrupt Sn lo.urts,but give their Support to them.

Stranpere not

to travel fclonp the

Railway on Horieback,

No Waggon to p.rs on Railway un-Jess conllrufted as directed by the Com-ysny.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

XXVII. And be it further rnafted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend' so as to prevent or restrain the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or the said Surveyor General for the Time being respectively, at their and his Dffcretion, to lay any Collateral Lines of Railway, at the Expence of their respective official Departments, to join and communicate with the Main and other Lines of Railway herein-before authorized to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, for the Carriage of Timber and Wood to be felled in the said Forest, under the Direction of the said Surveyor General, making a reasonable Satisfaction for any Injury which may be done to the Railway of the said Company of Proprietors, by the Weight or Size of Timber earned theron.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, their Servants or Agents, shall not in any Manner whatsoever impede, interrupt, or prevent the Surveyor General of the said Forest, or any Person to be employed by him in railing or making Inclosures for the Growth or Supporc of Timber or Wood in the said Forest, under and by virtue of the said Statutes passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His Lid late Majesty King Charles the Second, and in the last Session of Parliament, but that the said Company of Proprietors, t! eir Servants and Agents, shall and will at all Times give their Support and Countenance to the making and keeping up such Inclosures, according to the Spirit, true Intent and Meaning of the said Statutes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (save and except the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents or Servants, or others in Company with them, or the said Surveyor General and his Deputy and Servants, or the Inspectovs to be herein-after appointed) shall ride, lead, or drive, or cause to be rooe, lead, or driven upon the Railway or Tramroad, or Collateral Branches hereby authorized to be made, or any Part thereof, any Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Als, or shall lead or drive or cause to be led or driven thereon any Cow or other Beast, Cattle, Sheep, or Swine, or any other Beast, (except only in croC-sing the fame at Places to be appointed for that Purpolr), he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass upon any Parc of the said Railway or Framroad hereby authorized to be made, with any Waggon or other Carriage whatsoever, unless the fame shall be constructed agreeably to the Orders and Regulations of the said Company of Proprietors, which Orders and Regulations shall be affixed on some conspicuous Part of every Tollhouse erected on such Railway or Trainroad, for the coileding of the Rates by this Act imposed, (except in crofting the fame for the convenient Occupation of the adjacent Grounds, or in passing any publick or private Carriage Road which may happen to cross the said Railway); nnd that if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass upon any Part of such Railway or Tram-road with any Waggon or Carriage, not construtted in the Manner herein-before directed (except as before excepted), he, Ihe, Or they so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to the Lid Company of Proprietors.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i$ 8. 32

XXXI. And, for the better Regulation of th" Owners of Waggons and

Owners so pu-

other Carriages, and otheri employed by or under them respectively, and for the more eal'y Detection of any Thing by them done contrary to the ^heir vv:lg. Directions of this Act; belt further enaiicd, That every Owner of any go» Waggon or other Carriage passing along the said Railway or Tramroad hereby authorized to be made, shall cause his or her Name and Place of Ahode, and the Number of his or her Waggon or other Carnage, to be entered with the Clerk to the said Company, and shall also cause lucii Name and Number to be painted in large White Capital Letters and Figures on a Black GroundThreeIncheS high at the least . and of a proportionate Breadth, on Lme conspicuous Part of the Outside of every such Waggon or other Carriage, and shall permit and suffer every such Waggon or other Carriage to be gauged or measured at the Expence of the said Company, whenever it shall be required by them or any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose; provided, that no such Waggon or other Carriage Ihafl be gauged or measured more than Four Times in any one Year; and every Owner of any Waggon or other Carriage which shall pass on any Parr of the said Railway or Tramroad without having such Name, Figure, and Index thereon as herein-before directed, and every Person who shall aiicr, erase, deface, or destroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or who shall retufe to permit and suffer the same to be gauged and measured, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of

every Waggon or Carriage pilling upon the said Railway or Tramroad hereby authorized to be made, shall be and is and are hereby made atr-fwerable for any Damage, Spoil, or Mischief that shall be done by his, her, or their Waggon or other Carriage, or any of the Waggoners or other Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame relpe&ivtly, unto the said Railway or Traixroad, or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or by loadrng or unloading any Waggon or other Carriage, or any other Trespass whatsoever; and the said Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, shall for every such Damage, upon Conviction of such Personor Persons before any Justice of the Peace, either by the ConfelTion of the Party or Patties offending, or upon the Oath or Oaths ol One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administ-r) pay to the said Company r f Proprietors the Damages to be afeenained by such Justice, provided that such Damages db not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and also shall over and above such Damages forfeit and pay to the Irifotmer any Sum not exceeding Forty Shill ngs, and all Costs, Charges, and Ex-pern es attending such Cor.viction, which Damages, Penalties, and Costs shall be levied by Distreft and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Ow not such Waggon or other Carriage, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hu d and Seal of such Justice; and the Overplus (if any) after such P- nalrv, Damages, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale aie thdufted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such (Ft) s ard Chattels; or if such Damages shall exceed the Sum of f ive Pound, then md in such Cale the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or othe-r Camagr shall and may be prosecuted for the fame in any Court of Record n W ej}m:nfter ■, and if a Verdict shall pass against him Of ner, or Judgement be given against him or her upon Demurrer or by Dclaulr, the Plaintiff in such Case shall recover his Damages thereby fut-lji Csf-iVr.J 35 2 rained

Owner® of Wdg*OH«tO be account* ?.ble icr Damage® don by their Mea, etc.

.32.1.8 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 15%.

tained with full Costs of Suit: Provided always, that in case the Owner or Owners of any Waggon or other Carriage as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any P nal y or to make Satisfaction for any Damage by rtafon of any wilful Neglect or Default done or committed by his, her, or their Servant or Servants, such Servant or Servants shall be liable to repay I ch Penalty or Satisfaction to such Owner or Owners; and in case of Nonpayment upon Demand thereof, and Oath made by such Owner or Owners of the Payment by him, her, or them of such Penalty or Satisfaction, and that the fame hath not been tepaid to him, her, or them by such Servant or Servants although demanded, (such Oath to be made before One Justice of the Peacr), the fame Penalty and Satisfaction shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Servant or Servants, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Paid Penalty and Satisfaction when recovered, shall be paid to such Owner or Owners in discharge of such Penalty and Satisfaction so by him or them paid, for the wilful Act or Default of such Servant or Servants as aforesaid; and in calc no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice of the Peace Ihil! and is hereby required to commit such Servant ot Servants to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

Company or

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon or other Ca--Co— riage shall be placed or differed to remain on any Part of the said Railway th/paHagt on or Tmmroad or other Works, so as to obstruct the ^affage thereof, and the thrRailway. Person having the Care of such Waggon or other Carriage shall not immediately upon Notice given, remove such Waggon or other Carriage, he shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Sh.llings fur every Hour such Obstruction shall continue after the making of such Request; and it shall be lawful for any Agent or Officer to the said Company to cause any such Waggon or other Carriage to be unloaded if necessary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper for preventing such Obstruction, and detain such Waggon or other Carriage and the Loading thereof, or any Part of such Loading, until the Charges occasioned by fuGh Removal shall be paid; and if such Payment shall not be made within the Space of Fiye Days, then it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, to sell and dispose of such Waggon or other Carriage with the Loaning thereof, in such Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent in Arrear, rendering to the former Owner of such Waggon or other Carriage the Overplus, after such Expences and the Charges of such Sale Ihafi be deduded.

Feisty on

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person IhallTuffer the ftnSing°the Loading of any Wacgon or other Carriage using the said Railway or Tram-Passage on the road h reby authorized to be made, to lie over the Sides of such Waggon or Rahway, etc. 0 hrr Carriage respectively, or shall overload any such Waggon or other Ca^ri igr so a to obstrud the passing of any other Waggon or other Carriage, and shall nor immediately upon Notice to him given for that Purpose remove such Ooltrudi n; or ifany Person shall throw any Stones, Rubbish, or other Matter or Th ng into or upon any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad, or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay lor every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilful!v, mal.ciously, and to the Prejudice of the Paid Undertaking break, throw down, dt (troy, steal, or take away any Part of the Paid Railway or T ramroad, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons ate directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Courts may, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branches within the Paid Forest hereby empowered to be made, as also all and every other Collateral Branch to be made with such Consent as aforesaid by the Paid Company of Proprietors, by virtue of this Act, shall be by and at the Expence of them the said Company of Proprietors fenced and kept fenced on both Sides thereof from the Lands and Grounds adjoining or through which the same shall pass, when and in such Manner as the Paid Surveyor General or his Deputy, or any Inspector duly appointed, shall from Time to Time direct; and that immediately upon Notice by the said Surveyor Genera), his Deputy ot Inspector, for that Purpose given to the Clerk of the said Company or Collector at the nearest Gate, the said Company shall repair the fame under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in cal'c such Defect or Fence shall be on a Collateral Branch leading from the Paid Main Line into any Inclosure for the Growth of Timber, the Gate fit upon the Entrance into such Branch shall be kept locked by the said Surveyor General, his Deputy or Irtfpedor, and no Carriage allowed to travel thereon until such Deled shall be repaired, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, such lati mentioned Penalties to be applied to His Majesty's Use; and if any Question shall arise as to the reasonable Time within which such Defect of Repairs shall be made good and completed, the same shall be determined by such Justice of the Peace before whom any Complaint herein shall be made.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their own proper Colls and Charges, within One Month next after Notice from the said Surveyor General to be to them for that Purpose given, make, ered, and let up, and from Time to Time maintain and support, such and so many convenient Gates in and upon such Part of the said Railway hereby authorized to be made, as may be necessary or requi-lite i and also all Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages over, under, or by the S de of the said Railway, of such Dimensions and in such Manner as shall be requisiteor necessary; and all such Gates, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, and Drains so to be made, shall from Time to Time and ac all Times thereafter be supporced, maintained, and kept in sufficient Repair and Condition by them the said Company of Proprietors; and in case the said Company of Proprietors shall refule or nrgltd so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General to make, erect, and set up all such G.=tes, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Paffiges, and to maintain, repair, and support the fame from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so that in making and maintaining such Gates, Bridges, ArcheSjCulverts, Ditcht6, Drains, and Passages as aforesaid, the said Rail-

32T9

Punishing Person* deftrojring Works, cic.

Forest Fences to be mule at the Expence os the Companf.

Proprietor* make and erect Gates, etc.

3220

Caret to He

Cu t and faf-tcne alter Wajsonj th.ui have passed.

Recovery of forfeitures.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 158-

way and other Things hereby authorized to be made by the said CompanT ot Proprietors, shall not be obstructed or hindered for any longer Space o Time, or in any other Manner than shall be necessary for the doing thereof j and if any Dispute shall arise about such Costs and Charges, the same shall be settled and allowed by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said County, and shall be repaid to such Surveyor General within the Spate ot Two Calendar Months next after the same shall have been so set-tied and allowed, and an Account and Demand in Writing shall have been delivtred and made thereof by the said Surveyor General or his Deputy, to and fr >in the said Company of Proprietors, by Delivery ofluch Account to the Treasureror Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors for the time being; anti in Default of Payment of the said Costs and Cha'ges within the Time'aforesaid, such J offices shall and they are hereby required, by Wanant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors for the Use of His said Majesty, rendering to the said Company of Proprietors the Overplus, after deducting the reasonable Charges of mak ng such Distrelsand" Saie as aforesaid; and the said Surveyor General, upon Ilefuial or Neglect of the said Company of Proprietors to pay the said Costs ana Charges as aforesaid, shall and may a.so have such and the like Remedy against them for the Recovery thereof by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cases is by this Act directed.

XXXVIII. And be itfurtther enacted, That all and every Person or Persons opening any Gate to be set up across the said Railway or Tramroad shall, and he, lhe, and they is and are hereby required and directed, so soon as he, she, or they, and the Waggon or other Carriage (had have passed through the fame, to (hut and fallen the fame, and every Person neglecting so to do shall so feit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered as htrein-after mentioned; and the Maney anfing by such Forfeiture or Forfeitures shall be applied nM inner following, (that is to fav), One-half thereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Halt to the said Surveyor Gcneial for the Use of His Lid Majesty; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanuing.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures for any Offence against this Act, or any Rule, Bye Law, or Order to be; made by the Lid Company, ( lie Manner of levying and recovering whereof is net h<rein othei wife directed), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any J; dice of the Peace for the said County of Gtcucester, or Place where the Off nee shall be committed, either by the Cotff ffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Oa h of any credible Witness, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Cha'tels of the Party or Parties offending, determined by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Joffice, which Warrani luth Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant; and the Overplu- (atier any such Penalties or Forfeitures and the Charges of such D.lb f and Sale are recovered and dedefted) shall be returned upon Demand to tbt Owner or Owi of such Goods and Chattels; and in case fuss dent Distr fs cannot b> found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not b fori; with paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his H no and Seal, to carse such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place wherein

>' 4 the

3221

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice shall dircd, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not herein-bcfors particularly directed, shall go and belong to the said Company and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Deleft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action upon the Cafe.

XLI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act; be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen j (videlicet),

Towit f ‘ TiE it remembered. That on the Day of

t‘ in the Year of our Lord

* A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of

* His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County [cr, Place, as the

* Cafe may if J [ specifying the Offence, and Time and

* Place when and where the fame was committed'} contrary to an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign o( King George the Third, inti-

* tultd, [here fetforth the Title of this A£f\. Given under my Hand and

* Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certicrari or any other Wiit or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsemherej any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLin. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said Company, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, may within Two Calendar Months after such Order or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions to be held for the County or Place where such Cause of Appeal shall happen or arise, first giving Fourteen Days Notice at the lead in Writing of such Intention to appeal, to the Parties interested in such Complaint; and the said Justices shall in a summary Way hear and determine the said Appeal at such Session, or if they think, proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Court of Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the said County or Place, and if they fee Cause may mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, and may order \JLtc. (A Per.] 36 A any

Diiliefs not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form, etc.

Form of Convictia*.

Proseedin?* not to be qn-Qicd for Want of F orm.

Allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sefilons, ire.

3222 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 158.

any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and may also ord r any such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable, and may also order such Costs to be paid to the Party aggrieved by the Party aggressing, as they in their Judgement shall think just and rejsonable.

Limitation of

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Informa-Afl.ons. tion shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Pedon or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authoiities, or of any Orders made, given ordiiefted, in, by or under this Act, unless One Calendar Month’s previous Notice in Writi g shall be given by the Person or Persons intending to commence and prosecute such Action, Suit, or Information to the said Company of Propnetois, or to their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, nor unl-fs lufti Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced wnhin Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed} or in case there lliull be a Continuation of Damage, then within Thiee Calendar M tmhs next alter the doing or committing such Damage shall cealeand not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action shall arise and not e fewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Sjir, or Information shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Tiial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear ‘to have been lo done, or if such Action, Suit, or Information shall have been brought or commenced before or after the respective Times before limited for bringing or commencing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become, nonsuit or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or it upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Main Line of the said intended Railway or Tramroad by this Act authorized to be made, shall be made and completed fit for general Use, or shall be fenced off, before the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and that if the same shall not be then made and completed or fenced as herein-before directed, this Act and all the Powers hereby given shall become void and of no Effect.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to beaPublick Act, and shall be judlcally taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Limiting the Tims for con pleting the Railway.

PublLk Act

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mast Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO Q.UADRAGEIMO NONO.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 159.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the River IVye, at or near to a Place called Lid-brook, in the Parish of Ruardean in the County of Gloucester, to or near to a Place called the Lower Forge, below Newern, in the Parish of Lydney in the said County; and for making other Railways therein mentioned, in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Railway or Tram Road from the River Wye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parish of Ruardean in the County of Gloucester, to Miery Stock, thence along the Eastern Side of the Brook, to Park End, and through Whitemead Park, in His Majesty's Forest of Dean, to or near to a I'lace called the Lower Forge, below Nevern, in the Parish of Lydney in the said County; and the making and maintaining of the following Railways or Tram Roads, to branch from the said Railway or Tram Road, that is to lay, one Railway or Tram Road from KidnalPs Mill in the said Parish of Lydney, North-Eastward through Yorkley Bottom and Mosely Green in the said Forest, Jo Phelp's Meadow in the fame Forest; one other. Railway or Tram Road from ’‘ark End Bridge to the Birches in [Loc. is Per.J 36 P the:

3226

Subscribcrj

Name*.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159,

the fa'd Forest, avoiding Whiten ad Park Inclosure; one other Railway or Tram Road from P irk Lnd Bridge aforesaid, to the Coal Pit on the South West Side of Scroll's T;imp in the said Forest; one other Railway or Tram Road from near Park Paid Bridge aforesaid. North-Weft ward to Milk-wall in the said Forest; one o;’.er Railway or Tram Road from oppofue the Lodge Ioclofuie. up Brookhall Ditches in the said forest; one other Railway or Tram Road, from White Ley to Bixbead Quarries, through the Slade 'in the said Forest; one other Railway or Tram Road from Cannop Bridge, up, through, and to the H.ad of Howler Slade in the said Forest; one other Railway or Fiam Road from the Corner of Vellets Inclosure, to the Top of Wimblow lade in the said Forest; and one other Railway or Tram Road from or from near a Place called Mitry Stock, to the Summit at Churchway Engine in the said Forest; will not only open an easy and commodious Communication between the R ver Severn and the River Wye, and the Collieries in the said Forest; whereby the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, and other Products of the said Forest, for the Supply of the Cities and Counties of Hereford and Gleuce/ler, wdl be greatly facilitated and rendered less expensive, but will also in other Respects be of great public Utility: And whereas the several Persons herein-atcer named are deftrous at their own Costs and Changes to make and maintain the said intended Railways; but inasmuch as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Abel W.od Walkin', Abraham Turner, Baker Gabb junior, Charles Powell, Charles Phillips ( lerk, Charles Morgan, David Mujbet, Edward Bolton Clive, Edward Clarke, Edward Prothero, Francis Cooke, George Clarke Symonds, George White, George Nicholas, George Winter, Henry Clive, Sir John Geeres Cotterell Baronet, John Tom-linfon, John Spicer, John Watt:, John Prothero, John Sherborne, John Chief went, John Tamplin, John W.nter, James Ashe Gabb, James Lance, James IVainewright, Joseph Pitt, Mifom White, Nathaniel Soxon, Philip Prothero, Nathaniel Hawkins, Richard Philip Scudamore, Robert Robbins, Richard Hook, Richard Nailor, Richard I Edit combe. Reverend Wiliam Stephens, Richard White, Samuel Hewlett, Spencer Newcomb Meredith, Thomas Powell Symonds, Thomas Halford, Thomas Holder, Thomas Browning, Thomas Packer, Whiston Powell, William Powed, William Phillips, Walter Henry Hill, William Jones, William Vizard, William Robbins, and William James, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and AfOgns, shall be and hereby are united into a Company for making, completing, and maintaining the said Railways, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after mentioned, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Corporate by the Name and Stile of the Lydney and Lidbrook Railway Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority, from and after r.he passing of this Act and at all Times thereafter, to purchase and hold Lands and Hereditaments to them and their Successors and Alligns, for the Use of the said Undertaking and Works, and also to (ell or dispose of the said Lands and Hereditaments again, without incun. ig any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby

authorized

49° GEORGII r III. Cap. 159. 322J

authorized and empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents,

Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make, complete, and maintain a Railway or Tram Road, to be called the Lyducy and Lidbrook Railway, paQable for aggons and other Carriages, and to be constructed as herein-after is mentioned, from the River Wye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parish of Ruardean in the County of Gloucester, to Miery Stock, thence along the Eastern Side of the Brook to Park End, and through Whileme d Park, in H;s Majesty's Forest of Dean, to or near to a Place called the Lower Forge, below Newcrn, in the Parish of Lydney in the said County; and to make and maintain the following Railways or Tram Roads, to branch from the said Railway or Tram Road, that is to say, one Railway or Tram Road, from Kidna/l's Mill in the said Parish of Lydney. North-Ealtwa <1 through Berkley Bottom and Mosely Green in. the i'aid Forest, to Phelp’s Meadow in the fame Forest; one other Railway or Tram Road from Park End Bridge to the Birches in the said Forest, avoiding JVbitemc ^d Park Inclosure; one other Railway or Tram Road, from Park End Bridge aforesaid, to the Coal Pit on the South-West Side of Scroll's Tump in the said Forest; one other Railway or Tram Road, from near Park End Bridge aforesaid, Norrh-Westward to Milkwall in the said Forest; one other Railway or Tram Road from opposite the Lodge Inclosure, up Brookball Ditches in the said Forest; one other Railw.iy or Tram Road, from White Ley to Bixhead Quarries, through the Slade, in the said Forest; one other Railway or Tram Road, from Cannop Bridge, up, through, ard to the Head ot Howler Slade in the said Forest; one other Railway or Tram Road from the Corner of the Vcllets Inclosure, to the Top of Wimblow Slade in the said Forest; and one other Railway or Tram Road, from or from near a Place called Miery Stock, to the Summit at Churchway Engine in the said Forest, and for the Purposes aforesaid; the Tjle;r power said Company of Proprietor*., their Deputies, Servants, Agents, Surveyors, and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Ground> of or belonging to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, H:s Heirs or Successors, or of or to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whatsoever, and to survey and take Levels of the fame, or any Part thereof, and to let out, ascertain, and appropriate for the Purposes herein-before and herein-after mentioned, such Parts thereof as ihey snail think necessary and proper for making the said Railways, and all other Works, Matters and Conveniences hereby authorized to be made; and also to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, take, carry away, lay, use, and manufacture any Earth, Clay,

Stone, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, (leaving such Trees for His Majesty or other the Owner or Owners thereof). Roots of Tree*, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making the said Railways or other Works, out of the Lands or Grounds of or belonging to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of or belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, adjoining or being convenient or contiguous thereto, and which may be proper, requisite, or necessary, for making, carrying on, continuing. maintaining, or repairing the said Railways and other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct the making, using, or con-pleting, extending, or maintaining the fame respectively, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; also to make, build, erect, and set up, in, over, under, or upon the said Railways, and other Works, or upon the Lands adjoining to or near to the fame, such and so 5 many.

3228 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 1^9.

many Bridges P.ers, Arches, Tunnels, and Toll Houses, where and in such Manner as 'he laid Company of Proprietors shall think necessary and convenient lo the Purposes of the said Undertaking and also to mak?, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences or Passage' over, under, or through the said Railways or Tram Roads; and also to make and let out proper Places for Waggons and other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, as they the said Company of Proprietors shall think convenient; and to conltruct, erect, and keep in Repair any Piers; Arches, and other Works, in, upon, and across any River or Brooks, for the making, effecting, preserving, improving, completing, using, maintaining, and repairing of the said Railways or Tram Roads, and other Works; and to conltruft, erect, make, and do all other Matters and Things which they shall think convenient or necessary for the making, effecting, preserving, improving, completing, and using of the said Railways and other Works to be made or constructed in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; they the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making full Satisfaction, in Manner herein-after mentioned, to the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in, any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be taken, uffed, removed, diverted, or prejudiced, for all Damages to be by them lultained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act, (other than and except the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Successors or AITigns) in as far as His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors are to be compenfand by the Payments herein-after mrntioned, for the Liberties and Privileges given by the Act; and this ACb shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoevtr, lor what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted; those Powers subject nevertheless to such Provisoes and Restrictions as hereinafter mentioned and contained.

■ways cross H Provided always, That where the said Railways shall cross any

Roads the Turnpike Roads or public Highways, the Ledge or Flanch of such Railways

Thrich of the or prara Roa£]s for the Purpose of guiding the Wheels of the Carriages exceed°onc not exceet^one Inch in Height above the Level of the Road.

inch in

Height.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or

Houses and empower the said Company ot Proprietors, or any Person or Persons to^e'in'u'red a^'ng or under their Authority, to take, use, injure or damage, for !L\Th illt WrP°‘es of the; said Railways, or other Work-, or for any other the as are men- Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building which was erected or ironed, &c. built at or before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which was then set apart and used as or lor a Gamen, Orthard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, o Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Persons intciclled thertin respectively.

Plan and

Book of re-

IV. And whereas a Survey has been taken to ascertain the Practicahility authenticated m^ing the said Railways, ami orher Work , and a Map or Pan, by the Speaker w’!^ a Book of Reference theieto, ha been made be it therciore further of the House ena&sd, I hat there shall be iiiree Parts of the iaid Map or Plan and of Commons. It,ink

3229

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

Book of Reference thereto, which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and feverailv '\lepofited, One with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, and One with the Clerk of the said Railway Company, and One other with the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, to either of which Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Persons shall have Liberty to resort, and to examine or make Extracts from or Copies of the same as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks for Copies of or Extracts from the said Books of Reference after the Rate ot bixpence for every Seventy-two Words; and either of the said Maps or Plans and Book of Reference so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or elsewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, upon Eight Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall and he is hereby required from lime to Time to produce the

Map or Plan and Book of Reference to be so deposited with him as

aforesaid before the Commissioners herein-afrer mentioned, or any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may be

then and there given in Evidence, such Clerk having a reasonable Sum of Money allowed for his travelling Expences, Absence from Home, and Attendance on such Occafior.s.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors in making the said Railways shall not deviate more than shall be necessary for that Purpose, nor in any Instance more than One hundred Yards from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, and set forth in the said Book of Reference, nor cut, carry, or convey the fame Railways into, through, across, under, or over any Part or Parts of the several Lands or Grounds now or late belonging to or reputed to belong to the several and respective Persons named or described in the said Book of Reference, other than such Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds as are mentioned in the said Book of Reference in that respect, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom such Lands amt Grounds do or shall rdptftively belong, or if the Land or Ground wanted for making any Deviation as aforesaid shall belong to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, on previous Application in Writing made to him far that Purpose, ligned by forne Person duly authorized on behalf of the said Railway Company; but nothing herein contained shall extend to restrain or prevent the said Company of Proprietors from making any Deviation from the Course or Direction of the said Railways or Alteration of the fame, in case all the Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom the Lands or Grounds to be made Ule of foT the Purposes of such Deviation or Alteration shall belong, shall consent thereto, nr if the same shall belong to the King’s most Excellent Maj; (tv, His Heirs or Succefifors, then in case the said Surveyor General dial I consent thereto.

VI. P/ovided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors may make the said Railways and othe Works, £ler. & Per.J 36 C into

Not to deviate from the Line laid down in Plan, with out the Con. sent of Land Owners.

Land Owners

omitted in

Book of Rtfw

323°

rence, not to obstrud making the Railways, See.

Breadth of the Land to be taken for the Railway.

On Payment of a certain Sum to His

iWajrfty>

Lands, See. to vett in Proprietors.

Bodies Politick, &c. em-powei d to ‘ fell ana convey lands.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

into, through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whonfsoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Name or Names shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners hereby appointed, and be by them certified under their Hands to be by Mistake omitted in the said Book of Reference, or that instead thereof the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom such last-mentioned Lands or Grounds do not belong, have or hath been by Mi flake inserted therein, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act shall not exceed Seven Yards in Breadth, except in such places where it shall be judged necessary for Waggons or other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, or for railing Embankments for crofting the Valleys, or in deep Cuttings, and in those Places only such Breadth of Land as shall be absolutely necessary, or where any Warehouses, Cranes, or Weighbeams may be erected, or where any Places may be let out or appropriated for the Reception or Delivery of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be conveyed on the said Railways, and not above Sixty Yards in Breadth in any Place, without the Consent of the Owners of the Lands or Hereditaments, adjoining to the said Railways, or, in case the same shall belong to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the Surveyor General as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon or after any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments of or belonging to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be let out and ascertained for making the said Railways and other Works, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for providing and conftrndling the Wharfs and other Works and Conveniences herein-before authorized to be made, or any of them, such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so set out and ascertained, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof in Possession, shall by virtue of this All vest in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors for ever, on Payment to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of the yearly Sum herein-after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, not belonging to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be fee out and ascertained for making the said Railways and other Works, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for providing and conftrndling the Wharfs and other Works and Conveniences hereinbefore authorized to be made, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, llulbands, Guardians, Erustees and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whom-foevtr, not only for and on behalf of themselves, chcir Heirs and Successors, but also for and on the Behalf of Cestuique Trusts or Wards, whether Infant', Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiocs, f emes Covert, or other Person or Ptrfns, and to and for all F mes Covert who are or shall be seized, poss Hed of, or interested in their ,wn Right, or entitled to Dower or other Iuten.fl therein, and to and for all and every other Per-

fen

q0 GEORGII III. Cup. r <Jq. 3^3

Jon or Persons whomsoever, who is or are or shall be seized, possessed of, or intereded in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments as last aforesaid, which shall be so set out and ascertained lor the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, and convey the lame and every Part thereof unto the said Company of Proprietors; and that all such Coutrafts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law Statute,

Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever, so conveying as aforesaid, aTe hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do by virtue or in pursuance of tin's Act, and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances (other than those which concern any Purchase or Exchange between any such *espective Land Owners) so to be made as aforesaid, Iliad be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors} and shall be made according to the following Form } videlicet,

I A.B. of in consideration of the Sum of porm 0{

* to me paid by - do hereby grant and Conveyance

‘ release to the said Company of Proprietors all [defer ibing the Premises to the ton-

* to be conveyedJ and all my Right, Title, and Interest in and to the P30/’

* fame, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said (. ompuny of Pro-‘ prietors and their Successors for ever, by virtue and according to the

* true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the Forty-ninth Year ‘ of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, [here set forth the Title

* of this Act}. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and

* Seal the Day of

6 in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And which said Conveyance shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time, when re-queded, deliver attelied Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, and shall have and receive the Sum of Six-pence pet Sheet for every such attdled Copy, reckoning One hundred Words to every Sheet.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in making the The Com-said Railways or other Works hereby authorized, there shall be Occasion mon»or to cut through, take, or use any Part of any Commons or Wades not Lands belonging to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, ^cb°n'

the Conveyance of such Parts of such Commons or Wades by the Lord Lords of or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being, of the Manor or Manors the Manors, in which the fame ate situate, to the said Company of Proprietors, shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance thereof (without the Commoners or other Persons intereded therein joining in such Conveyance); and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors respectively are hereby authorized and required to make and execute Inch Conveyances accordingly, on the Receipt of his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the Purchase Money as herein-after mentioned, or on the fame being tendered to him, her, or them, subject to all the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions herein contained with respect to the Payment of other Monies for other Lands taken or used by the iaid Company of Proprietors; and the said Commissioners shall ascertain what

3232

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

what Proportion of the Purchase Money shall be due to the Paid Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Copyholders, or other Persons interested in Inch Commons or Wastes, for his, her, or their Imereit in such Lanes, and such Proportion shall be thereupon paid to him, her, or them, for ids, her, or their own Use, or depouted in (he Dank of England, in Manner by this Act directed as the Gale may require.

Satisfoftion

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every' Body or Bodies Po-

to be made. litick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees and other Person or Persons herein-before capacitated to fell or convey Lands or other Hereditaments, and any other Owner or Owners, other than and except the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments, through, in, or upon which the said Railways, or other Works hereby authorized, shall be made, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands and H ediratr.ents, and for the Damages to be sustained by making and cotn-pie; rig the said Works, in gross Sums; and in case the said Company o; Proprietors, and the said Parties interested in such Lands or other Hereditaments cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners hereby appointed in such Manner and subject to such Verdict of a Jury, if required, as is herein-after directed.

C-immif-

XII. And whereas Differences may arise between the said Company of

I forfet- Proprietors, and the several Persons, Owners of and Persons interested tli.ig knifcr- jn ,),e jjan,js ai,j Hereditaments which shall or may be affected or prejudiced by the Execution of the Powers hereby granted, touching the Purchase Money to be paid or Recomp-nce to be made to them r jspectively, be it therefore enacted, That the Right Honourable the Lord Warden, Verderors and Conservator of His Majesty's Forest of Bean for the Time being, the Reprefetitatives in Parliament for the several Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and Monmouth, the Cities of Gloucester and Hereford and the Town of Monmouth for the Time being, the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Gloucester for the Time being, Matthew Adcanc, Stephen Oakley Alky, Thomas Ambrose, the Right Honourable Charles Bathurst, Charles Bathurst, William Hi/ey Bathurst» Poole Bathurst, Thomas Barber, John Barber, Charles Bullock, Reverend William Bo ugh ton, John Bough ton, Thomas Browning, William Browning, Peverend William Black, Reverend Thomas Birt, Thomas Blunt, Sir Thomas Crawley Boevey, Thomas Crawley Boevey, William Crawley v Boevy, Reverend Char es Crawley Boevey, Maynard Colchester, Joseph Cadle, Richard Brown Cheflon M. I). Reverend Joseph Lheston, Joseph Camp tin M. D. Sir Henry Cojly Knight, Reverend Dunccmbe Pyrke Davis, James Davis, Edward Davis, fames Davis junior, John Dew, George Dew, Richard Donovan, James De Vifme, Charles Evans,

Evans, William Finer Ellis, William Pend all. Reverend William Fryer,. Wiliam Fowler, JJjn William Fowler, Alfred Fowler, John Fryer, Reverend Richard Foley, Maurice Fitzgerald, William Fryer, henry Hooper Fryer, Sir Berkeley William Guise, Reverend Powell Guise, Guif', John Griffiths, Kedgwia Ikfiyns of Plat-well, Kedgwitt Hofhyns of Landinabo, George Hunfray, George Catfar Hopkinson, Charles Hopjinpn Edmund hopkinson, James Hall, Roy non Jones, Roynon Jones junior, Reverend Edward Jones, Reverend Henry Prc-wje Jmts, George Jones, S.r Edwin Jeynss Knightj Samuel Jeynes, James jeif. Reverend 8 William

49' GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

William Jones, John James of Newnham, John James of Redbrooke, Thomas James, Charles James, Joseph Lloyd, Joseph Lloyd junior, Thomas' Lucas, James La-wfon, John Hodder Moggridge, Thomas Morris, Richard Naylor, James Sutton Olive, Reverend James Parsons, EdmundProbyn, Reverend John Probyn, Reverend William Probyn, Thomas Probyn, Henry Probyn, Joseph Pyrke, Reverend George Pvrke, Thomas Pidcock, John Pidcock, John Plaijled, John Partridge, William Partridge, John Partridge, James Powles, Job n Pew’es, James Rooke, Henry lioffer, Rickard Ryder, Philip Robinson, Philip Robinson junior, George William Shawjiip, Reverend Charles Sandiford, Thomas Sargeav.nt, Joseph Sivayne of Nexnham, Robert Thompson, John Tomlinson, Thomas Tovey, John Biby Tovey, Thomas Taylor, Reverend Thomas Thomas, Richard Taylor, John Turner, Thomas Turner, Charles Brandon 7rye. Job Thatcher, William Vaughan, Philip Vaughan, Reverend Harry Williams, Thomas Levey Wight-wick, John Wade, John Wilkins, Richard White, Daniel White, John Wint/e, Reverend Richard Wether ell, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for settling, det training, and adjusting all Questions, Matters, and Differences which shall or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors and the several Persons as aforesaid.

XIII. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, be it further enacted, That when any of the Commissionets hereby appointed or to be elected in Manner herein meat tioned shall die or refuse to ad, the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint any Person in the Place of every Commissioner dying or refuting to ad; and all such Commissioners Co to be appointed shall from the Time of their respective Appointments have the like Authority in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act as if they had been expressly named Commissioners in and by this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall at any Time neglect or re-(use upon any Vacancy to appoint a new Commissioner, or that for Want of a proper Number of Commissioners in the Neighbourhood it shall become difficult to ptocure a Meeting or Meetings for executing the Powers of this Act, or in case the Commissioners nominated in this Act, or hereafter to be eluded under and by virtue thereof, shall be reduced to a less Number than Twenty, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to 'lime to make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace assembled at any Ouatter Session to be holden for the said County of Glouiester-, and the justices to whom such Complaint shall be made are hereby authorized to receive and hear the said Complaint, and upon due Proof thereof being made to them, to nominate and appoint such fit and proper Pefons as they in their Discretion shall think fit to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and toe said Commissioners lo nominated and appointed shall from thenceforth jtave the like Powers and Authorities as if appointed by or usider the Authority of this Act.

[/.ee. Cs? Per.] 36 D

3233

Election of new Commissioneri.

Quarter Seffiotn to nominate Cental ilfioners in certain Cases.

3234

Commissioners rr.ay aft as Justices of the Peace.

Qualification of Commissioners.

Oath.

49® GGEORGII III. Cap. 159.

XV. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Commissioners who are or shall be Justices of the Peace for the said County shall and may, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of this Act during the Time of his holcing any Place o1 Profit arising out of the Rates to be collected by virtue of this Act, or during the Time of his being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, or concerned or interested in any Contract or Bargain made or to be made for the Purposes of this Act, or in any case where he shall be in anywise interested or concerned in the Matter in Questton, nor unless he shall reside in the County of Gleuajler, and shall be seized in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee, at the Time of such his acting, of an Estate of Freehold or Copyhold of Inheritance, or both, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Fotty Pounds over and above all Rep:izes, except Property Tax, or unless he shall be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds, or unless he shall be eideft Son or Heir apparent of a Peer or of a Person qualified to serve in Parliament as a Knight of the Shire; nor shall any Person (not being an Heir apparent as aforesaid) aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (otherwise than by giving Notice of the first Meeting of the Commissioners, and administering an Oath or Affirmation in the Words following to the other Commissioner^), until he shall have taken such Oath or Affirmation before any One or more of the said Commissioners, who is or arejiereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (that is to lay),

‘ T A B. do swear [or being One of the People called Quakers, do so-

* -*■ lemnly affirm] That 1 am truly and bona jide in the actual Pofitffion

* and Enjoyment [or Receipt J of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds

* above Reprizes, except for Properly Tax [or possessed of or entitled to ‘ a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds]; and ‘ that 1 will without Favour or Affection truly and impartially, according to the belt of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform the ‘ Powers and Authorities veiled in me as a Commissioner by an Act made

* in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

‘ lfctfori^ f^e of lb" AS], ‘So help me GOD’.

And an Entry or Memorandum of such Oath being taken determined by the Commissioner shall be made by and certified under the Hand of such Clerk, which Certificate shall be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Oath having been taken in all Courts whatsoever; and if any Person by this Act declared incapable to act as a Commissioner fl ail nevertheless prefutne to act as such in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall ds allowed; and such Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty

without

3235

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting whatsoever of the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times be had for putting in Execution any of the Powers or Authorities vested in them by this Act, un-lel's previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given and insertedin I'omeNewfpaperorNewIpaperscirculatedinthesaid County of Gloucester at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and that every Meeting of the said Commiiliouers to be held by virtue of this Act shall be public, and that no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said Commissioners or any of them in the Execution of this Act (except in such Cases as are hereby otherwise directed), shall be valid, unless the same shall be made or done at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and that all Powers and Authorities of what Nature soever by this Act given to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by a Majority of the Commissioners present at every such Meeting, such Meeting on all Occasions not confiding of less than five Commissioneri.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Application in Writing being made by the said Company of Proprietors or any Five ormore of them, ot by the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Hereditaments to be taken for or affected by the said Railways or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, or any of them, requesting or desiring them to appoint a General Meeting of the Commissioners, the Commissioners so applied to shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, within Fourteen Days after such Request or Application made, to give Notice in Manner aforesaid of a General Meeting to be held at such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days nor more than Twenty-eight Days from the Day on which such Request shall be made to them as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to assemble at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put this Act and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in them in Execution, and shall then adjourn rhemselves, and afterwards meet at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners there assembled shall think proper or convenient; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be had or held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to any other Time then and from Time to Time as often as the Case shall happen, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners shall and may, by Notice to be given in Manner aforesaid, appoint the Commissioners to meet at the Place where the lait Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, on that Day Fortnight after the Day on which the said la(t Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, although they shall not be assembled at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time and at all Times upon such Request made as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing signed by them

and

Notire of Commissioners Meetings to be gives.

On Application of the Broprietorsor Land Own- \ ers Commissionera to meet.

PowertohoU

ocoaflonal

Meetings.

3236 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

and published in Manner aforesaid, to summon a Meeting of the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, for the settling and ascertaining. such Damages as are herein directed to be settled and ascertained, and for other Purposes, noc-withstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjou’innent of the said Commissioners.

Proceedings

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of to be entered the said Commissioners shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to in a Book. j-ept for tjjat purpose> such Book or Book*- to be open at all seasonable Times for the Inspection of any Person interested in the said Proceedings, or his or hrr Agent or Solicitor, and desirous of seeing anti examining the fame, without Fee or Reward, and such Entries being signed by such Number of the said Commissioners respectively as are empowered by this Act to make such Orders or carry on such Proceedings, shall be deemed Originals, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Commissioners may and are hereby required at their first: Meeting to appoint, out of 1 hree Persons to be appointed by the said Company of Proprietors, such One of the said Three Persons as the said Commissioners shall think proper to be their Clerk, and from Time to Time may remove any such Person, and on such Removal or in case any such Clerk shall die or quit the said Employment, the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee for the Time being shall, w'rhin the Space of One Calendar Month, after Notice in Writing for that Purpose to be given by the said Commissioners, nominate Three other Persons, and give Notice thereof unto the said Commissioners from whom such Notice in Writing was received, and the said Commissioners shall and may appoint such One of the said Three last-named Persons as they shall think proper to be their Clerk, and in like Manner a Clerk to the said Commissioners shall be (ront Time to 'I'ime nominated and appointed as Occasion shall require, and such Clerk shall be paid for his Care, Expences, and Trouble in the Execution of his Office by the said Company of Proptietors; and such Clerk as shall be removed or die or quit the Service as aforesaid, his Executors or Ad-niinillrators, shall within Two Cakndar Months afttr Notice in Writing to him or them respectively given by the said Comtnilliouets, produce and deliver up to such Commissioners all Books, Accounts, Papers or Writings whatsoever relating to the Execution of his Office, which shall be in his or their Cuitodyor Powc; and every such Person neglecting or refusing to produce and deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings after such Notice as aforesaid, shall fot every such Neglect or Refusal respectiv ly forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Cods of Suit in any or His Ma-jessy’s Courts of Recoid at Westmin/lcr, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager oi Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners aftfng in any Question, Matter, or Difference which shall or may arise, are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands, with the Consent of the Parties concerned, to determine and adjull from Time to Time what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company of

11 Proprietors,

Commissioners to settle Differences.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.t59.

Proprietors, to the Boti'es Politic, (Corporate, or Collegiate, Fsrfca.or Persons respectively who shall be so entitled or interested as air re’ald, lor t: absolute Putchafeof the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be set our. ascertair.ed for making the said Railways and other Works and Conveniencies, or any Part thereof, and other the Purposes of this Act, and also to determine and adjust what other din inch Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors as a Recempence for any Damages which may or shall at any Time or Times whatsoever be sustained by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons respectively, being Owners of and interested in any Lauds or Hereditaments by Reason or Means of the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained, by the said Company of Proprietors, or by their Agents, Workmen or Servants, or for any other Matter or Thing whatsoever for which a Recompence or Satisfaction is by this Act directed to be made, in case such Price or Value, Damages and Recompence respectively cannot be settled, adjusted, and agreed for by and between the said Company of Proprietors or their Agents and such Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid; and if the said Company of Proprietors, for and on the Part and Behalf of themselves or any such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, for and on his, her, or their Part or Parts, shall refuse to submit any such Matter to the Determination of the said Commissioners, or shall be dissatisfied with any Determination which shall be by them made as aforesaid, or if any such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested or intitled as aforesaid, shall refuse to receive, upon due Tender thereof made, such Purchase Money or such Recompence as shall be determined to be paid, or shall, upon Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Off cers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the lall or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Hereditaments, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement as shall be convenient for promoting the said Undertaking, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises which they are or shall be in Possession of, or to the Inteteft which they claim therein, then and in evefy such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to issue a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals to the Sheriff of the said County of Gloucester\ and in case the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff shall happen to be one of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office of Truit or Profit under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matters in Question, then to some one of the Coroners of the said County not interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner respectively to impannei, lunimon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff or Coroner is accordingly hereby required to impannei, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returned for the Trialsof Ilfuesin Plis Majesty’sCourts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, not being lets [Loc. & Per.'] 36 E than

3238 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

than Nine nor more than Twenty Days after such Warrant or Warrants ./hail be served upon the said Sheriff or Coroner; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheiitf or Coroner or their Deputies respectively shall return ether honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured, to attend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Wic-ness or Witnesses touching the Matters in CRieflion, either by or before them the said Commissioners, or by or before any Jury or Juries as aforesaid, as the Case may be; and the said Commissioners may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places or Matters in Conttoversy, which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) shall enquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame; and the said Commissioners shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies, or Recompence to be assessed by such Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes againl! the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and against all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever; and if any such Sheriff or Coroner, or his or their Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefi. than Five Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall net appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refute to be Iworn and examined, or give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no nafenable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, shall, lor every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for the Benefit of the Party in whose Behalf such Person wasio summoned.

Expences

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict of Commif- shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any liters and Lanus or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Jury‘ Damage to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Per-

form, than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company of Piuprietors, or determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then ah the Expences of calling such Commissioners, fiumnor.ing Rich Jury, and taking such Inquests, shall be settled by tire said Commissioners, and be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors; but if any Verdict shall be given or made for the lame, or for a lets Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the Rid Company of Proprietors, or than had been determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or in case no

Damage

3*39

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

Dimage shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute is for Damages only, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of calling a Meeting of such Commissioners, summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be settled in like Manner by the said Commissioners, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Coils and Expences having been so settled shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, where the same shall exceed such Colts and Expences, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder._of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so afifelled or adjudged, or otherwise such Colts and Expences in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so afeer'ained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that whenever any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence or otherwise have been prevented from treating w.th the said Company of Proprietors, such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company cf Proprietors ia Manner aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons making Complaint and requeuing such Jury shall, before the said Coni-missioners shall be obliged to ilUie out their Warrant or Warrants for the summoning such Jury, first enter into a Bond with lullicient Sureties to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Penalty of One hundred Pound', or in such other Penalty as the said Commissioners thali appoint, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pound', to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Cofis and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inqueit in the Proportion and Manner herein-before mentioned.

XXIV. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not be obliged by virtue of this Act to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, (or any Damage or Injury by him, her, or them sustained or supposed to be sustained in consequen.ee of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, unless Notice in Writing hath been or shall be given in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Clerk, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Juries respectively shall award all Determinationsjudgements, and Verdicts which they shall respectively make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, concerning the Value ot Lands or Hereditaments, icparately and distinctly from the Consideration of any other Damages sustained by or to besustained by any Person or Persons in con-i'equence of the Exern ion of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall diltmguiih the Value let upon the Lands and other Hereditaments, and the

Persons refuelling a Jury to enter into a Bond to prosecute.

Notice of Injury to be given to the Proprietors, before Complaint to the Commissioners.

Verdict of Value of Lands and Damages to be afeeriained separateiy.

324°

Jury to be under the fame Regulations as in the Courts at Westminster, Sic.

Verdict to be recorded.

Lands to veil in Company upon Payment of Money assessed.

49® GEORGGIT III. Cap. 159.

the Money assessed or adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, separately and apart from each other.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Jury and Juryman as aforesaid shall be under and subject to the fame Regulations, Pains, and Penalties, as if such Jury or juryman had been returned for the Irial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at liejlminfltr, and that all and every Person and Persons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence before the said Commissioners, or before any such Jury as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or l'ersons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury, by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Determinations of the said Commissioners, which shall be submitted to and acquiesced in by the Parlies concerned, and all'o the Verdicts of the Juries, and the Judgements of the said Commissioners thereon as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to and be kept by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, and shall be deemed Records to all Intents and Purposes, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to insped the fame, paying for each Inspection the Sutn of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, and to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, paying for every Copy or Extrad after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words.

XXVIII. And in order that the said Company of Proprietors may not be impeded in the Prosecution of their said Undertaking, by Means of any such Proceedings before the said Commissioners or Jury, be it further enacted, That either upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money by the said Company of Proprietors, or on their giving such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve for Payment of any Sum of Money which shall have been agreed upon between the Parties, or ad-juiled and determined by the said Commissioners, or assessed by such Juries in Manner respectively as aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands or other Hereditaments, or as> Recompence for the yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages as herein-before mentioned to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and Premises, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein or entitled to receive such Money or Compensation respectively, at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for, determined, or assessed, or upon the said Company of Proprietors previously giving such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve for the future Payment of such Sum of Money as aforesaid, or if the Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments shall not be able to make a good Title thereto to the Satisfaction of the said Company of Proprietors, or shall relule to receive the Sum or Sums awarded to him, her, or them by the said Commissioners or Jury, or to execute a Conveyance, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Person entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then

-2 r and

32 + 1

49° GEORGII III. Cap. island in any of these Cases, upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, or in case cf an annual Rent to be paid upon the said Company of Proprietors giving previously such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve for the future Payment of such Money as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners or Jury as aforesaid, and in all or any of the said Cases as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments respectively (or even before such Payment or Security given by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof); and immediately upon or after such Payment or Security shall be made or given as aforesaid, such Lands, Tenements, and other Herediataments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust, and Interest of any lerl'on or Persons therei.., shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the foie F.operty of the said Company ot Proprietors and their Successors to and for t! e Purposes of this Act for evet; and luth 1 :u nt, or the giving of such Security for tho fame as aforesaid, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder of his, her, or their Issue, and of every other Person whosoever therein; provided nevertheless, that before such Payment, or Security as aforesaid, shall have been made, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security, for the Purpose of making the said Railways, or other Works, without the Confenc of such Person or Persons respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers hereof for the Purposes hereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall mount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accounfant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Ljaney and Lidbrook Railway Company, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as any Five of the said Commissioners shall, by V\ riting under their Hands, dm ft and appoint, pursuant to {he'Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be figmfied by an Order made upon a Petition to he preferred in a summary Way., by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance nr Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame L^nds, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such [Lee. isf Per36 F Money

Application

when the Compensation amounts to S&10O.

3*4*

Application-of Compensation Money when lets than £200. and exceeding £10.

Application where the Money is left than t£i o.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 159.

Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purehale of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and thelikeUfes, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food settl' d or limited, or such of them as at the lime of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be ex’sting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean'lime and •until such Purehale shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purehale of Ihree Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Batik Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said L.ands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were actually made.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or toany Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rems and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, ox their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before tiireded, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery-

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be applied to the Use of the l'erlon or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them fli-U think fit j or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, ihen to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the

3243

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

the Uie and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIL. And be it farther enacted, That full Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors for all Tythes, both Great and Small, which would have been ilfuing from or out of any of the Lands which shall be taken or made use of for the Purposes of this Act, to the several Persons who now are, or at any Time hereafter might have been, entitled to such Tythes, according to their respective Interests therein, (other than and except such Tythes as shall belong to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to whom no Compensation is intended to be hereby made); such Tythes to be eftitnated at the average Value of the lad Four Years, commencing at Michaelmas Day One thousand eight hundred and four, and ending at Michaelmas Day One thousand eight hundred and eight, such Value to be ascertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is hereinbefore directed to be ascertained: Provided always, that such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to l'piritual Persons by an Annual Rent.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Lands or Hereditaments to be tiled for the Purposes of this Act shall happen to be in Mortgage to any Person or Perfom, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, upon Application being made to them by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, after the same shall have been so agreed for and adjusted or affctied in Manner aforesaid, for such Lands in Mortgage, in Part of the Principal Money that shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, unto such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, cr their Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that upon Receipt of such Sum or Sums, such Mortgagee or Mortgagee*, his, her, «r their Executors or Administrators respectively, shall acknowledge the Receipt of such Sum or Sums of Money by an Indorsement to be made upon the Back of such Mortgage or Mortgages, and signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, In the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in Satisfaction of so much of the Principal Money due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded forthePurchafeof any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Company of Proprietors, or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Nam* and with the

Compensation to be made in lieu of Tythe*.

For paying off Mortgages on Land* used by the Company.

In case of not making out Titles, or if Person* cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

3244 49* GEORGII Ul- Cap. iSQ.

the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments (describing.them, if they are known, and if they are not known, then generally to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, without any Beicriptioa of them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which fakl Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to inch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, determined by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to older the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick

Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Piyment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Effaces, Title or Interest of such Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall fees* just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashieis of ifn Bank of En*i; nd who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby requited to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are rtceived to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where ny

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall {hicftfon shall a,jfe touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Vi-lc to"8 lbeBank of Lngland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Money to be General of the Court of Chancety, in pursuance of this ^dt, for the paid, the Per- Pmchafe of any Lands or Hereditaments, orj of any Estate, Right, or Info’1. who shall terest in any Lands, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance i hereof, Pofltfllon of or 10 any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the the Land-, Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons he. entitled, who shall have been in Possession of the Lands, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satiifadliun of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, 'and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession wa a wrongful one, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Court of

XXXVI. Provided aiways, and be it further enacted, That whereby

Chaiu-i ry Reason of any Disability or I capacity of the Person or Persons or Cor-P° ',ion’ enti,led ,0 an? Lands> or Hereditaments, to be purchased Ex •n tr the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame shall

P i bate* be required to be paid in.o the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied

to be pa d. in the Purchase of other Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences oi all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together withkthe necessary Costs and Charges of

*H5

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 159.

of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the Paid Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVII. And whereas by the Means of Purchases which the said Company of Proprietors are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, they may happen to be seized of more Land or Ground than will be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of such Land or Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors before they shall sell and dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces ofiLand or Ground; and in ca(e such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purctiafe or re-purchase the fame respectively, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, by some Person or Persons not interefred in the said Piece or Pieces of Laud or Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatever be sufficient Evidence and Pr >of that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused b>, he Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case miv be); and n cale such Person or Persons shall be desirous or purchasing or 2-purchasing the fame, and he, (lie, or they, and the said Company of Proprietors shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein before directed with respect to the disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Company of Proprietors in pur-ftiance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Company of Proprietors, mutatis mutandis, and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Company of Proprietors of such Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the Purchaser or Putchafers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for the Misappdcation or Non-application of such Money.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors in the first Place to raise and contribute amofigft themselves, in such Proportions as they shall think proper, for making and completing the said Railways, and the Ways, Wharfs, and other Works and Conveniences belonging or requisite thereto, the Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds, except as herein-after mentioned, of which the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Thirty-five thou-fatid Pounds, shall be reserved for as many of the Free Miners of the said Forest as shall be willing or desirous, on or before the First Day of August next after the passing of this Act, to subscribe to the said Undertak-['Loc. is? Per.~\ 36 G tng,

Proprietors to give the first Offer of Land n»t wanted to the Persons from whom purchased.

Proprietors to raise Money amongst themselves for making the Railways and other Works.

3246

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

ing, and shall so notify such their Defireto the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and that the same shall be divided into Shires of Fifty Pounds each, except the Shares herTn-before directed to be set apart for, .2nd which shall be actually purchased by the said Free Miners, which shall be divided into Shares of Ten Pounds each; and that such respective Shares shall be numbered in regular Progrelfton, and tverv such S lare shall always be disttnguished by the Number to be applied to he lame; and that no Person subscribing thereto, or becoming a Proprietor in such Undertaking, do become a Proprietor of lets than One Snare, nor any such Free Miner of more than Five Shares of Ten Pounds; and that the said Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons fora sing and contributing the fame, and their several and respectiv’ Executors, Ad-mmistrators, Successors, and Assign , to their and e'ety of neir proper Use and Benefit, proportionality to the Sums they dial I lev era. Jy roifeand contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Suco-lfors, Executors, A'limiiilrators, and Assigns, who shall feverafy lublcribetur one or more Share or S1' res, or such Own or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof towar s carrying on and c mplctn g the said Undertaking, and other the Pu’pose •»! the said Subscription, shall be entitled to and receive, aft r the said U derusing shall be completed, the entire and net Distributton ot an equal pr p rtioriable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Pr >(i:s and Advantages that shall and may arileand accrue by the Rates and u her ..urn* of Money to be rai ed, recovered, or received by the said C. ompany of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act-, and every Body Poliic.Corpor ..c, and Collegiate, Person or Persons, having such Property in the laul Under a-king as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein directed and appointed; an d ail and every the bhares and Proportions of all B idies Pol tic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Person or Persons, ot and in the Under.aking, oj the Joint Stock Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Pcifoual Estate, and uaiifmillible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Prop.rty.

Application

XXXIX. And be itTurther enacted, That all the Money to be raffed by be raised' *° l^e Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and applie in the fi (t Place for and towards tue Payment, DiEharge and Satisfafti-m of all C-ifts, Charges, ana Expences in applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act and all the necessary Expeaces preparatory and relating thereto, and ,di the R eft >ue and Remainder of such M nev for and towwds making, completing, and maintaining the said Eailwa.s, Ways, Wharfs, and oilier Work', and other the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use, latent, .01 Purpose whatsoever.

Nawee «f And, for the better fecufing to the several Proprietors of the said

Proprietors to Undertaking their ie poftive Shares therein, be it further enacted, That beenteredaud the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby rtquired, at ibrir-ShaVes their first r.r°me (uKequent General AffrmbN , to c:u!e the Names and delivered to PI0Per Additions f the several P. rfons who shall be then entitled to the

them. Shates in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares or the

Amount of all the Subscriptions which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share Avail be distiru gutlhed, to he fairly and distiuftly entered in a Book to be kept by the

Llcrfc

3247

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. i59.

•Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry made to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall cause a Ticket or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Shaie or Shares to which he or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more for every such Ticket or Instrument; and such Ticket or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; buc the Want of such Ticket or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof; and which said Ticket or Instrument may be in the Words or to the Effect following; videlicet,

« THE LYDNEY AND LIDSROOK RAILWAY COMPANY. Form of

* Number * ’ ' Tlc^et’

‘ , T, HEs>E are to certify, that A.B. of

* is a Proprietor of the Share or Number

* being One Share of the Lydney and Lidbrook Railway, subj'fl to the ‘ Rules, Regulations, and Orders of the said Company of Proprietors,

‘ and that the said A.B. his (or her) Executors, Administrators, (or Sue*

* ceflors), and Assigns, is and a e entitled to the Profits and Advantages ‘ of such Share. Given under the Common Seal of the said Company,

‘ the Day of in the Year of our Lord

XLI. And be it further enacted, That al' and every Body or Bodies Subscriben Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, and his, her, or their to be deemed Success irs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall have sub- Proprietor*, ferined for, or shall become entitled to and be in the actual Poireftion of, yoteVor* one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be deemed a every share. Proprietor for every such Share, and shall have a Vote for and in respect of

every such Share, subject to the Rvftridions herein-ater mentioned, in the General and Special Alfetnbliesof the said Company ol Proprietors to be held, as herein riirt&ed f-r carrying cn the said Undertaking, or relative thereto; which Vote shall and may be given by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or their Poxy or Proxies (such P oxy or Proxies being a Proprietor or Proprietors of one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking), duly constitut d un er his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or Common Seal if a Corporation, or in cates of Infancy under the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, and chat every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as it such Principal or Principals had voted in Person, and being an Infant h.id been of full Age; the Appointment of which Proxy shall and may be made in the Words or to the Effect following; (varying the fame so as to meet each partial ar Cafe); videlicet,

I A.B. one of the Proprietors (or, we A. B and C.D. Guardians of Form of the E.F. one of the Proprietors) of the Lydney and Lidbrook Railway, do , Pp|.n‘Jj ent hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint G. H to be my (or his or ° xy’

* or) Proxy, in my (or his er hei) Absence, to vote and give my (or

* his

j 248 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159*

‘ his tr her) Assent or Dissent to any Business, Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, which shall be mentioned or proposed^ at any Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Railway, or any of them, in such ‘ Manner as he the saidG. H. shall think proper, according to his Opinion

* and Judgement, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any Thing

* appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof, I (er we, have hereunto

‘ set my Hand (or our Hands), the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

All Oneftiom And that every Election of Committees and Officers, Questions, Matters, to be decided any Tilings whatsoever, which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered by the Maj°- jn a,y General or Special Alitrmbly of the said Company of Proprietors r.ty o otea. ^ held by virtue of this Adit, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prefenr, computing one Vote to every Snare as aforesaid; and that at every such Assembly one of the Proprietors present shall be appointed President or Chairman, who shall not only have such Vote or Votes as a Proprietor as aforesaid, but shall also, in case of an equal Division, have the Decisive or Casting Vote: Provided always nevertheless, that no Persons shall have mote than Twenty Votes in his or her own Right, not more than Twenty other Votes in Right of any Proxy or Proxies.

Free Miners not to have Votes for Shares of Ten Pounds.

XLII. Provided also, That no Free Miner, in respect of any Share or Shares of Ten Pounds each, shall be deemed such a P oprietor as to be competent to vote within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act. ,

Proprietors may raise an additional Sum, if necessary.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Thirty-five thousand Pounds herein-before authorized to be raised shall be found inefficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Railways, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, and delaying all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money, for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds; and every Subscriber towards raising such further or other Sum of Money shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, in respect of every Share in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land interested in all the Profits and Powers of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Sum he, (lie, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intent* and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be fob* feribed for and raised, had originally been Part of the said Sum of Thirty^ five thousand Pounds, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; but no Part of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be raised by Shares of Ten Pounds each to bfc set» apart for Free Miners-or any other Person or Persons.

Companviray XI.IV. Povided always, and belt further enacted, That it shall and may Twenty thou. law^ to antl for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they shall think

49° GEORGII ill. Cap. 159. 3249

think it meet and expedient, to borrow the Whole of the said Sum of Pound* Twenty thousand Pounds or any Part or Parts therecf upon Promissory jo' fromifloiy Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company ol Proprietors, and all such Notes(hah be made payable in such Manner and at such lime or Times, and with such legal Rate of Interest, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and all such Notes shall be made either with or without a Power in the respective Holders thereof to have an Option of becoming Proprietor of one Share of Fifty Pounds in the said Undertaking, in lieu of the Principal Money by such several Promissory Notes to be secured, or so much or such Part thereof as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, and the Person or Persons advancing such Money on the Security of the said Notes, shall jointly agree upon: Provided always, that no Person shall in any Case be admitted to be a Proprietor of any Share in the said Undertaking, in lieu of a less Principal Sum of Money than Fifty Pound*, advanced on the Security of such Notes, and the Terms and Particulars upon which the respective Holders of such Notes shall be entitled to such Option of becoming a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, shall be fully esprelled and let forth in the said several and reflective Notes.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates authorized Ratetto be to be demanded and taken by virtue of this Act, shall be a Security security for for each and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed as afore- the Money said, with Interest to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time borruwed-be entitled to such Securities, and all Persons to whom any such Securities as aforesaid shall be given shall be equally entitled to a Claim or Lien on the said Rates, in Proportion to the respective Sums of Money advanced and lent by them respectively on the Credit of the said Rates, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of the Date of any such Notes,

XLVI. Provided always, That in case the said Company of Proprietors Power to raif* shall be defiTotis of raising the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds Money by herein before authorized to be raised, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage Mortgage, of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, by an Order of any General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking ns to them shall seem meet and convenient; and the said Company of Proprietors, or the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, after an Order of any General Assembly, are hereby authorized and empowered to assign th e Property of the said Undertaking, and the Rates arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, or any Par* thereof, (the Costs and Charges of aligning the same to be paid out of such Rates), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance the fame, ail which laid Mortgages or Assignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Words or ^o the Effect following; (that is to lay,

1Loc. & Per.] j6 H

* Number

3250

Form of Mortgage.

49* GEORGII III. Cap.t59*

c Number N ' ' '

« ny virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of 15 King George the Third, intituled, [herefet forth the Title of this Act]

‘ We, the Lydney and Lidbrook Railway Company, incorporated by and

* under the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

r to us in Hand paid by

* of do assign unto the said

* his (or her) Executors, Administrators, and

* Assigns, the said Undertaking, and all and Angular the Rates arising

* by virtue of this Act, and all the Estate, Right, Tide, and Interest of

* and in the fame, to hold unto the said

‘ his (or her) Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Suntv

* of together with Interest for the

‘ fame after the Rate of for every

* for a Year, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given

£ under our Common Seal this Day of

* in the Year of our Lord

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Mortgage or Assign ment shall be made, shall be equally entitled, one with the other, to his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the said Rates and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Assignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason of Priority of any such Assignments, or on any other Account whatsoever, and a Memorial of every such Assignment, containing the Date, Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and the Rate cf Interest, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, which said Bcok or Books shall and may be perused at all seasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking, or other Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward; and all and every Pei ion or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, which Transfer shall and may be in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to say).

Torn of

T ransfer.

(or we) of

A in Consideration of the Sum of paid by of

a certain Mortgage,^Number Lidbrook Kail way Company to bearing Date the Day of the Sum of

{or otir) Right and Property therein, to the said his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of in the Year of Our Lord

do hereby transfer made by the Lydney and for securing and Interest, and all my

And every such Transfer shall, within Twenty-eight Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof, in like Manner as the original Mortgages or Affigiuneots, for which the said Clerk shall

49° GEORGII I. III. Cap. 159. 3251

belaid such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; and after such Entry made, every Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made such Transfer to make void, relcafe, or discharge the fame, or any Sum or Sums of Money thereon due or thereby secured, or any Part thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money Interest of which shall be borrowed by Mortgage as aforesaid shall be paid half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, in Preference to any Interest or j>a;j ;n Pre-Dividends due and payable by virtue of this Act to the said Com- ference to the pany of Proprietors, or any of them, and shall from Time to Time be Dividends, or fully paid and discharged or provided lor, before the yearly or other ue

Interest or Dividends due to the said Proprietors* or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided; and in case the fame or any Part thereof shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Thirty Days next after the same shall become due and payable as aforesaid, and after Demand made, that then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required on Request to them made by any Creditor whose Interest shall be so in Arrear, by an Order under their Hands to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole or such Part or Parts of the said Rates as are liable to pay such Interest so due and unpaid as aforesaid, and the Money so to be received by such Person or Persons is hereby declared to be as so much Money received by or to the Use of such Person or Persons to whom such Interest shall be then due, until the fame, together with the Costs and Charges of re* covering and receiving the Rates, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and after such Interest and Costs shall be paid and satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver and Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall cease and determine, or otherwise the said Interest so due and unpaid as aforesaid shall be sued for and recovered, with Costs, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLVIII. Provided always, That no Person to whom any such Morjj Mortgao-ee* gage or Assignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, fha not to vote o« be deemed a Proprietor of any Share, or shall be capable of aftin^ account of or voting as such either as Principal or by Proxy, at any MeetinS lent of the said Company of Proprietors, for or on Account of his or her, * having lent or advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit ol such Assignment.

XLLX. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of p;r^ anj the said Company of Proprietors, for putting this Act in Execution, other General shall be held at the Kings Head in Refs on the Third Tuesday next after Assemblies, the passing of this Act, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, and the Second and every other General Assembly shall be held at such Time and Place as the said First General Assembly shall appoint, and the like General Assembly shall be held on such Day and at such Place as the said Proprietors at each next preceding General Assembly shall appoint, all such Meetings being at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon; and the said

3252

Committee to be eledied.

General Assemblie* for •tooling

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

said Company of Proprietors at such respective General Affenvblies, together with such Proxies as shall be then present, shall choose and elect, out of such of the said Proprietors as at the Time of such Election shall respectively be possessed in their own Right of Stock to the Amount of Two hundred and fifty Pounds at the lealt in the said Undertaking, One Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors as herein directed, and to confil! of Nine or more Persons, three of whom liiall at all Meetings of the Committee be a Quorum, and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority at any such General Assembly to remove and displace any Person or Persons who shall have been chosen a Member or Members of the said Committee, or any Officer or Officers under them, and to choose and elect others in case of Death or other Vacancy, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules or Directions which may have been prescribed and laid down by virtue of this Act with regard to their Proceedings among!! themselves, as they shall think proper, (the Method cf calling General or Special Assemblies, and their Time and Place ot Meeting, and voting, and appointing Committees, only excepted), and shall also have Power and Authority to make such new Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the good Government of the said Company of Proprietors, then Ap s and Workmen, for making, maintaining, and using the said Railways or other Works, and all other Conveniences, Matters, and Things that shall be made for the fame, and also for and concerning all such Goods and Commodities as shall be conveyed thereon, and also for the well-governing of all Persons who shall be employed in the conveying of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and other Articles and Things, upon any Part of the said Riiiways, or other Works, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal, and again to renew the said Bye Laws, Orders, and Regulations, and to impose and inihft such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending again!! the fame, as to the major Part of such General Assemblies shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence; such Fines and Forfeitures to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as hereinafter mentioned, which said Rulet, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be binding upon and observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to jullify all Persons who shall act under the fame, provided they be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any Directions in trris Act contained; and every such General Assembly shall have Power ro call for, audit, and settle all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on Account of the said Undertaking, by the Treasurers, Receivers or Collectors of the Rates, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them in and about the said Railways and the Work* thereto belo. ging, but no Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be given or have any Power in or as to the Audit and Settlement of Accounts, and the fai . Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such 1 lace or Places as thall at any such General Af-i'emblies be thought proper and convenient.

I. Provided alsvays, and be it further enacted, That if at any such General Assembly there shall not be Persons present who shall be possessed

49° GEORGII III. Cap. is 9.

ftffed of or entitled unto at lead Thirty Shares or Subscriptions of Fifty Pounds or upwards, in the said Undertaking, either asPiincipals or Proxies, no Choice of a Committee, nor any Removal of a Person or Persons in the Room of such of the Members of the said Committee who shall die or decline to act, shall be made at that Time, but in such Case there shall be another Assetnbly of the said Company of Proprietors, at the same Place, upon that Day Fortnight, and if a sufficient Number of Proprietors, as Principals, or by Proxies, shall not then attend, the said General Assetnbly shall stand adjourned to the same Place on the Third Tuef-day next following; and such Choice, Removal, or new Appointment of any Member of any such Committee shall then take Place, and not before; and such Committee so before appointed shall continue to act, and have the fame Powers as they had and were possessed of, until a new Committee shall be appointed as aforesaid; and in case of failure of the assembiing of a sufficient Number of Proprietors, having such Shares or Subscriptions as Principals or Proxies at such Fnft General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such Second Assetnbly in Person or by Proxy shall forfeit to the said Company of Proprietors, for every Share or Subscription of Fifty Pounds which he or she shall possess in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Five Shillings, to be deducted out of his or her next succeeding Payment of Iuterefl or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking, as the Case may happen; and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Three Months next after the making of such Default, then the Payment of the said Forfeiture of Five Shillings may be recovered and enforced by the Ways and Means herein-after appointed for the Recovery of any other of the Penalties or Forfeitures imputed by this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear that for the more effectually putting this Act in Execution, a Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Proprietors who may each of them be possessed of or entitled unto Five Shares or Subscriptions of Fifty Pounds or upwards at tile least in the said Undertaking, to cause Ten Days Notice at the least to be given thereof in some Newspaper usually circulating in the said County of Gloucester, or by giving to each Proprietor, or leaving at his or her usual Place of Abode, a Notice in Writing, signed by such Proprietors, or by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requeuing such Special Assembly, and the Time when and Place where the same shall be held; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors with respect to the Matters so specified only; and all such Acts of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them, met together at every such Special General Assembly (provided such major Part shall be possessed of at least Thirty Shares or Subscriptions of Fifty Pounds each, in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies), shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had [_Loc. iif Per]. 361 been

'3*53

Committee* to consist of Thirty Shares.

Assemblie* of Proprietors may be specially (Onvened.

3254 49° GEORGII WE Capii59.

been done at a General Assembly at the Time herein-before appointed for

holding the same.

Officers to

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the Company Company of Proprietors at any General Meeting assembled, and they to be appoint- are jjerejjy required from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and such other Officers as they shall think proper, and shall take sufficient Secutity from every such Treasurer and other Officer having the Care or Custody of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act for the due Execution of his Office, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove and again to replace any such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers, or any of them, and such Clerk shall attend the General Meetings and Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, and the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors, and of the said Committee by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act, and that every Proprietor of the said Undertaking shall and may at all convenient Times have Recourse to and peruse and inspect the fame, and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, paying Eight-pence for every One hundred Words so to be copied; and if any such Clerk shall refuse to permit any of the said Proprietors to inspect or peruse any such Books, at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies in a reasonable Time, at the Rate aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking; and whenever any such Treasurer or Clerk shall die, or be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors, it shall be lawful for the Committee of such Proprietors for the Time being, or a Majority of them, to appoint feme other fit Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Clerk in the Place of him or them so dying, being removed, or quitting the said Service, until the then next General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, when such Appointment shall be confirmed, or another Treasurer or Clerk shall be no* minated and appointed in his or their stead.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of and to carry on the fame, as they shall from Time to Time find necessary for those surpoles, so that no such Cal! do exceed the Sum of Five Pounds upon each Share, and so as no Calls be made but at the Distance of One Calendar Month at the least from each other, which Monies so called for shall be paid to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct for the Use of the said Undertaking and such Committee shall, until the next General Assembly, to beholden in Manner as aforesaid, meet at such Times, and at such Places, and from Time

Powers of the

Committee for making C^Us.

3^55

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 159.

Time to Time adjourn themselves to such other Time as the shall think fit, and at all Meetings of the said Committee, One of the Members present shall be appointed President, or Chairman, and all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, discufled, or considered at such Meetings, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes; but no Member of such Committee, although he may be a Proprietor of many Shares in the said Undertaking, shall have more than One Vote in the said Committee, except the President or Chairman, who in case of an equal Division shall always have a Second and the Carting Vote j and in order to defray the Expence of the Meetings of the said Committees, it shall be lawful for the said Committees, and they are hereby allowed to expend or retain to themselves a reasonable Sum of Money out of the Capital Stock of the said Proprietors for their Expenres in attending such Meetings; and the said Committee shall have Power and Authority to direct and manage all the Affairs of the said Committee, as well in buying and purchasing Lands and Hereditaments and Materials forathe Use of the said Undertaking and Works, as in employing, ordering, and d'reSing the Works and Workmen, and in placing and displacing under Officers, Clerks, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and in making all Contracts and Bargains touching the said Undertaking, so that no Purchase, Bargain, or other Matter be done or tranl'acted without the Concurrence of a Majority of the said Committee as aforesaid then assembled; and every Owner or Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their Shares and Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum aforesaid for every Share, at such Time and Place as aforesaid, of which One Calendar Months Notice at the leaf! shall be given, by publishing the fame in some one such Newspaper as aforesaid, or by giving Notice in Writing to such Proprietor, or leaving the fame at his or her usual or last Place of Abode, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for, by the tirft Call to be made by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place appointed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection* or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for after the first Cali as aforesaid, at the Time and Place so appointed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings for every 1-ifty Pounds of his, her. or their respective Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Time appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and at the Place so to be appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid* then he* iste, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof, and all Money advanced by him, her, or them to and for the Use and Benefit of the other Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and all such Forfeitures shall be sold at a public Sale by the said Company of

Proprietor*

2,2 $6 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159-

Proprietors so- the most Money they can get for the fame, and the Pro-dnee shall be equally divided among!! the rest of the said Company of Proprietors in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in tnelaid Undertaking.

Subscribr-sto

LIV. Provided always, That no Advantage shall be taken of the For-‘XS f£'ture any Share or Shares of the said Undertaking until Notice shall Shares are be given by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors to

forfeited. the Owner or Owners thereof, or Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their usual or last Place of Abode, nor unless the lame shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, which shall be held after the End of Two Calendar Months after the Forfeiture shall happen to be made, and every such Forfeiture shall be an Indemnification and Discharge to and for every Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, after such Share or Shares final 1 have been deemed to be forfeited by a General Assembly, but not before, again!! all Actions, Suits, or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contraft or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the rest of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the said Undertaking.

Directing the Proceedings in the Ac-ti»us for Calls.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in any Action brought by the said Company of Proprietors again!! any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company of Proprietors, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company of Proprietors to declare and allege, that the Defendant or Defendants being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company of Proprietors in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount unto, for such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon luc’n or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Cale may happen to be), whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action, it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls, was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in Fast made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Act, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls or any other Matter whatsoever, and the said Company of Proprietors shall thereupon he entitled to recover what shall appear due, unlel$ it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum ol Five Pounds for every Sum ot Fifty Pounds, cr was made within the Distance of One Calendar Month from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgement shall be given for the said Company of Proprietors in any such Action, Execution shall not be flayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants with Two sufficient Sureties shall first become bound to the said Company of Proprietors by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in whu* such Judgement shall be given, in double the Sura adjudged to the said Company of Proprietors by such Judgement, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect, and also if the said Judgement 5 be

3257

4.9* GEORGII III. Cup. 159*

be affirmed, or the said Writ of Eror be Non-profied, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Costs adjudged by the said Judgement, and all Costs and Damages to be awarded for delay of Execution.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee Committee to nominate and appoint out of their own Body one or more a)’ aPP"'^ Sub-committee or Sub-committees (every such Sub-committee to consist of ""s" w;tb' * Five or more Persons), who shall have full Power and Authority to enter pow’erto into r.nd make any such Contracts or Agreements on behalf of the said make Con-Company of Proprietor-- as aforesaid, and to hire and employ any Agents, tracts> &c-Workmen or Servants in and about the said Undertaking, and to do, ex* ecute, and pe;form all other Matters and Things whatsoever in and about the said Undertaking, which the said Committee are themselves hereinbefore authorized to do, or such of them as the said Committee shall think proper to entrust to the Care and Management of any such Sub-committee or Sub-committees, save and except, nevertheless, the appointing of Clerks, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors, and other principal Officers, and the audi:ing and ft'.tling of the Accounts of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors, and other principal Officers, and making of Cafs for Money upon the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, a id that it shall be lawful for the said Committee for the Time being to order an 1 di <Ct such Compensation or Recompence to be made to the said Sub-comm ttee or Sub-committees, from Time to Time, as they shall think reasonab’e; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commiitee, by an Ortier or Reiidution for that Purpose to break up and dissolve any such Subcommittee or Sub-committees, or to remove and displace any Member or Members thereof, and to appoint some other or othe s in his or 1 heir Place and Snad, when and as often as such Committee shall think proper and expedient; and such Sub-committees shall have full Power and Authority to meet from Time to Time, and adjourn-from Place to Place, as they shall think proper, and as Occasion shall require, for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, and all Powers and Authorities hereby vtfted, or which shall by the said Committee be veiled in any such Sub-committee or Sub-committees within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall and may be exercised by the major Part of the Members present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Three, and at all Meetings of such Sub-connnittees respectively,

One of the Members present shall be appointed President or Chairman, and all Questions shall be decided by the Majority of Votes, and the President or Chairman shall have the casting Vote in case of an equal Division, although he may have given One Vote before.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That such Committee shall from comm;ttce to Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to, and be subject to the be underCon* Examination and Controul of the said General and Special Assemblies of troul of Ge-the said Proprietors as aforesaid, and shall pay due Obedience to all such n‘:rai Affem-Orders and Directions in and about the Premises as shall from Time to b 1C5,

Time be made by the said Proprietors at any such General or Special Assembly, such Orders and Directions not being contrary to any express Directions or Provisions in this Act contained.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That proper Bocks of Accounts and Books of Ae other Matters relating to the said Undertaking shall be kept; and that eomttube [Ik. b* Per.] 36 K all

$2$S 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

all such Books and other Matters shall be deposited and kept under the Direction of the Committee for the Time being, at such Place or Places as the Paid Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct, and every Proprietor or Proprietors at all seasonable Times shall have free Access to the fame, for his, her, or their Inspection, without Fee or Reward.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any •before Shares Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen to die before such completed Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced on Executo s any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been possefled of may complete or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise how e amt' and in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in relped thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case, the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunarics, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other l’erlon or Persons entitled to the Estate and Etfeds of such deceased Owner, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners shall noc have left Afiets sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians,

• shall relufe or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Ttullees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who shall or may be entitled to his, her or their Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, ler> or their Life time by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the lame can be sold for; and in Cafe no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted on such Condition as aforesaid, then and in such case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the rest of the said Company of Proprietors in Trull, for and for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

Shares may

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several be fold. Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and his, her, or their respective Executors or Administratms, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned and provided, and the Form of Conveyance

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 159. 3259

Teyance for such Sales shall he in the following Words or to the like Effect; (varying the Names and Descriptions of the contracting Parties as the Case may require :)

I A.B. in Consideration of

* paid to me by C.D. do hereby bargain, fell, and transfer unto the Form of Cot-

said C.D. Share or Shares, as the Case may be] of TeJance-

the Undertaking called The Lydney and Lidbrooh Railway, to hold to

* him the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject

* to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame Con- bitions as I held the fame immediately belore the Execution hereof;

* and I the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share or 4 Shares, subject to the same Rules, Orders, Reltridions, and Conditions. As Witness our Hands and Seals the

* Day of

And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk of the said Proprietors for the Time being Hull have entered in the said Books a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, to be kept for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, and have tef-tified or indorfi-d the Entry of such Memorial on the said DeeJ of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and unless and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such P11, chafer or Purchasers shall have no P.,rt of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid unto him, her, or them, or any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money After a Call shall have been mide by such Committee as aforesaitl, 110 Person or Per- folTundl fons fh li fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they after the Call shall possess in the said Undertaking, upon the Penalty of forfeiting his, be answered. her, or their repedive Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Prop ietors, in Trull for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she, or they at the Time of such Sale or Transfer shall have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so foid or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared at a General Assembly in Manner before directed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Deeds for or Forgranting respecting the Shares of the Company of Proprietors aforesaid shall be worn ou: or damaged, then upon the fame being brought and shewn oncTlre de. at some General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, such stroyed or Deeds may be cancelled and destroyed, and other similar Deeds given worn out. under the Seal of the said Company of Proprietors to the Person or Persons in whom the Property of iur.h Deeds and the Shares therein mentioned shall be at that Time veiled, or in case such Deeds shall be burnt or totally destroyed, that then upon due Proof thereof, like Deeds shall be given to the Person or Persons who were the Owner or A Owners

3260 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

Owners of or entitled to such Deeds so burnt or destroyed, so as that a due Entry of the Transfer of such Deed or Deeds (if any such have been made) shall have been entered by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors in Manner herein directed.

Proef to he

LXIII. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent

given of Title Transfer of Shares in the said Undertaking, by the Marriage and Death of 1 uired"^" aC" f>roPr‘etors) and it may be difficult to ascertain to whom the Dividend* Marriage! or arising or becoming due upon such Shares ought to be paid and do belong, by Will, nr be it therefore further enabled, That before any Person or Persons who LetteriofAd- shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking by mmistration. v;rtue of his or their Marriage or Marriages shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before a Judge in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before a Mailer or Mailers Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmited to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry fhereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by him for the entering of Transfers of Shares in the said Undertaking, and that before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking by virtue of any Bequelt or Will, or of any Letters of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will or the Probate Copy thereof, or such Letters of Admimllration, shall be produced and - shewn to the Law Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, or an Affi-

davit containing a Copy ef so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testatator or Tellatrix, or a Copy of the said Leters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, or both, a Copy of so much as aforesaid of such Will, and also a Copy of the said Letters of Administration in case Administration shall have been granted, with the Will annexed, shall be made and sworn to by the Executor or Executors of such Will, or by the Administrator or Administrators of the Estate and Effects of the Proprietor dying intestate, or to whom Administration shall be granted, with the Will annexed (as the Case may happen to be), before a Judge of One ofjHis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, a Mailer or Mailers Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmited to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall file and enter the fame in Manner aforesaid.

Rates of LXIV. And, in Consideration of the great Charge and Expence which

Tonnage. the said Company of Proprietors mull incur and luftain in making and maintaining the bid Railways, and other the Works hereby authorized to be made and maintained, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter to alk, demand, take, recover and receive, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors, for the Tonnage and Conveyance of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Things which shall be carried or conveyed upon the said Railways, or upon any Part or Parcel thereof, the Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned j that is to fayj

Tor

4.9* GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

for all Stone for the Repairs of any Turnpike Roads or other public Roads or Highways, and all Manure, such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two-pence per Ton per Mile:

For all Coal, Coke, Culm, Stone, Coal Cinders, Chalk, Made, Sand, Lime, Clay, Allies, Peat, Lime[Stone, Pitching and Paving Stone, Iron Stone, Iron, or other Ore and other Minerals, and Bricks, the Produce of the said Forest, which shall be carried or borne on the said Railways or either of them, from any Places or Place whatsoever within the said Forest, to or near to the said River Wye at Liclbrook, or to or near to the said Lower Forge, or to any other Place or Places of shorter or less Distancethan aforesaid, at which Place or Places such Goods shall be put down and deposited for Sale, or to be from thence conveyed by any other Means than on the said Railway or Railways, such Sum and Sums of Money respectively as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct and appoint to be taken for any or either of the said Kinds of Goods to such Place or Places respectively, not exceeding Three Shillings per Ton for such entire Distance; provided always, that the fame Amount of Tonnage be taken for the aforesaid Goods of the same Kind for whatever Distance they may be carried, subject to the Power for reducing or varying the fame herein-after contained.

For all Coal, Coke, Culm, Stone, Coal Cinders, Chalk, Marie, Sand, Lime, Clay, Ashes, Peat, Lime Stone, Pitching and Paving Stone, Iron Stone, or other Ore and other Minerals, and Biicks, the Produce of the said Forest, which shall be carried or borne along the said Railways, or either of them, to the Head of Howler Slade aforesaid, or to the Head of any other of the said Collateral Branches to be made from the said Main Line, to connect with any Road or Railway leading towards Colford or Monr.iouth, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton for the entire Distance:

For all Coal, Coke, Culm, Stone, Coal Cinders, Chalk, Marie, Sana, Lime, Clay, Aihes, Peat, Lime Stone, Pitching and Paving Stone, Iron Stone, or other Ore and other Minerals, and Bricks, the Produce of the said Forest, which shall be carried or borne along the said Railways or either of them to any other Piace or Places within the said Forest, and there put down and deposited for Sale, or to be from thence conveyed by any other Means than on the said Railways hereby authorized to be m ade, except such as shall be carried to the Head oi Howler Slade aforesaid, or to the Head of any other of the said Collateral Branches to be made from the said Main Line, to connect with any Road or Railway leading towards Colford or Monmouth, such Sum and Sums of Money respectively as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct and appoint to be taken for the Tonnage of any or either of the said Kind of Goods to such Place or Places respectbxiy. not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence a Ton for the entire Distance; provided always, that the fame Amount of Tonnage be taken for the aforesaid Goods-of the same Kind for whatever Distance they may be carded.

And for all other Goods, Commodities, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever carried on the said Railway s or either of them, whether the Produce of the said Forest or ro% such Sum or Sums at the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, not mare than Sixpence per Ton per Mile.

I I.ce. Per.] $6 L

And

3262 49’ GEORGII III. Cap.-i^q.

And in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton, a Propo’tion of the said Rates shall be demanded and taken for such Fra&ion, according; to the Number of Quarters of a 'l'on contained in such Fraction; and where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton, such Fra&ion shall be deemed and-considered as a whole Quarter of a I on; and in all Cafe* where there shall be a Fraction of a Mile in the Diltance which any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall pals upon the said Railways, or eictier of them, such Fraction- shall in ascertaining the said Rates be deemed and considered as Half a Mile; and in order to ascertain Inch Dillances, the said Company of Proprietors shall cause the said Railways to be measured, and Stones or Pods with proper Inscriptions to be erected and for ever maintained on the Sides of the fame, at the Distance of Half a Mile from each other, or at such other Distance as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall think fit: Provided always, that the Coal, called High Delf, raised on the South-West Side of Cannop Brook in or out of the said Forest (except that to be carried to the Head of Howler Slade, or to the Head of any other of the said Collateral Branches to be made from the said Main Line to conned): with any Road or Railway leading towards Colford or Monmouth), shall be subject and liable to the Payment of no more than One Half of the highest Rate of Tonnage, which shall from Time to Time be demanded and payable for the other Coal which shall be raised and carried on the said Railways from the Eastern Side of the said Brook: Provided also, that all Coal, 'Coke, Culm, Stone, Coal Cinders, and other Forest Produce to be carried on the said Railways hereby authorized to be made, or any of them, and which shall be brought from any Place or Places beyond the said Summit at Churchway, shall be subject and chargeable with the Payment of Three-fourth Parts only of the highest Rates or Tonnages hereby imposed on the same Kind of Goods, carried from Places on the Western Side of the said Summit.

Special F.x-

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in ^m'aVfor" contained shall authorize or empower the said Company of Pro-

Tenantfof1 rietoss to ask, demand, or receive for any Coal or Culm passing on any the Hon. C. Pait of the said Railways, or either of them, and which shall be raised Bathurst’s or gotten by or for the Use or Benefit of Thomas Pidcock, John Pidcock,

-ElUle‘- and George Homfray, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and any future Tenants of the Right Honourable Charles Bathurst, from the Estate of the said Charles Bathurst, any greater Rates of Tonnage than the following; (that is to say). For any Coal or ( uhn arising, or to be produced from the Collieries now occupied by the said Thomas Pidcock, John Pidcock, and George Homfray, as Tenants as aforesaid, carried along the said Railway to cr near to Lower Forge aforesaid, as far as the lame Railways will extend towards the kiver Severn, one Third Part only of the Rate of Tonnage wh-ch from Time to Time shall be demandable and payable fcr the Coal, called High Delf raised on the South-West Side of Earn'.p Bro.k, in the Forest of Dean, except that to be carried to the Head of Hou ler Slade, or to the Head of any other of the la d Collateral Branches to be made from the said Main Line to connect with any Road or

Ra I way leading t wards Colford or Monmouth, and for all Inch Coal or Culm ci.r ied al ing the said Railways to or towards a Place called the Middle 1 irge, one, Quarter only of the Rate of Tonnage paid for such High Hell Coal as aforesaid (except as before excepted), and for all such Coal <or Cu.m carried along the said Railways to or towards a Place called rhe

■Uppar

3*63

49’ GEORGII III; Cap. 159.

Upper Ftrge, one Fifth Part only of the Rate of Tonnage paid for such High Delf Coal as aforesaid (except as before excepted).

■LX

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Penalty on or Persons shall claim a Right to carry or convey any Articles on the c^ of*!:*-said Railways, exempt from or on Payment of the lower Rates, Tolls, empt;on f;0m or Duties before mentioned, who shall not be entitled thereto, or shall Rato?, use or dispose of any of the Articles liable to Exemption, or only to the Payment of such lower Rates, Tolls, or Duties, for any other Purpose than those in Respect of which such Articles are hereby exempted or made liable only to such lower Rates, Tolls, or Duties, and shall be thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace, every such Person so offending shall for any such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods and Chattels.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates herein authorized Rrt0,eryOf to be demanded and taken shall be paid to such Person or Persons at such Ratei.

Place or Places at or near the said Railways, in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Company of Proprietors^ at some General or Special Assembly or Assemblies, shall direct or appoint; and in case of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such Rates, or any Parc thereof, on Demand, to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may sue for the same by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe in any of His Maj fly’s Courts of Record; or the Person or Persons to whom such Rates ought to have been paid may, and he or they is and are hereby authorized to seize the Goods or other Things for or in reiptd whereof any such Hates ought to have been paid, or any Part thereof, and the Waggon, or other Carriage laden therewith, and retain the fame until such Payment shall be made, and also until Payment of all Arrears of any Rate which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, as the Case may be, to the said Company of Proprietors, together with the reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention; and if such Goods shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power, from Time to Time at any General Assembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates, and again to raile the fame, as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Rates before mentioned, either on the Whole or on any particular Species or Kind of Coal or otheT Fon:ft Produce, or other Goo.is to be carried on the said Railways, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Company faW Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and em- empowered powered, at any of their General Assemblies, by Waiting under their loleafeth* Comrnpn Seal, at any Time or Times to let to farm the Rates herrby Rat'8’ made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Railways, unto any Person or Persons for any Term or Time they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the

enceinent

Owners of W aggon«,

&c. to give an Account in Writing of lading.

Wei gilt of Tonnage, See. ascertained.

if any Difference concerning Weight, Coiled! ors may weigh or measure Waggons.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

Commencement of any Lease; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, and the Lessee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Perform as such Lell'ee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let, shall during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed CoL ledors of the Rates so let, but for the proper TJfe of such Lessee or Lessees, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for colletfling and recovering the same as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors, provided publick Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates, or any Part thereof, be given in Writing by the Lid Committee, or any Seven or more of them, or the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, by Advertisetnent published in such Newspaper, or by Notice to such Proprietors as aforesaid, at leak Twenty-one Days prior to any such General Assembly at which the said Rates, or any Part thereof, are proposed to be let as aforesaid.

LXIX. And, for the better ascertaining and more easily collecting the said Rates, be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage passing tipon the said Railways or any Part thereof respectively, shall give an exact and true Account in Writing, signed by him or them, to the Collectors of the said Rates, at the Place or Places where they shall attend for that Purpose, of what Quantity of Goods or other Things as afoTe-said shall be in such Waggon or other Carriage, and from whence brought, and where the same are intended to be unloaded or left; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to give such Account, or to produce his Bill of Lading, to any such Collector demanding the fame, or shall give a false Account, or shall deliver any Part of his Lading or Goods at any other Place than what is or are mentioned in such Account, w-ifh Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates or any Part of them, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings for every Ton of Goods and other Things, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton, which shall be in any such Waggon or other Carriage, of which such Account shall be lo refuttd to be given* or which shall be fraudulently delivered out as aforesaid, as the Cate shall Happen to be, over and above the respective Rates directed to be paid for the lame by virtue thereof.

LXX. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Goods and other Things to be charged w;th the Payment of such Rates as aforesaid, be it further enacted and declared, That One hundred and twenty Pounds Weight avoirdupois shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed, rated, or eft mi at ed as and for One Hundred Weight; any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall nrife between any Collector of the said Rates and the Owner or Person having the Charge of any "Waggon or other Carriage, or the Owner of any Goods or other Things, it shall be lawful for any such Collector to ft p and detain any such Waggon or o her Carriage, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cause to be weighed, meafuted, or gauged, such Waggon or other Carriage, and all such Goods and other Ti.ings as shall be therein contained respectively; and in case the fame fha.lt, upon luca weighing, meafuiing, or gauging, appear to be of greatet Weight or Quango tity

49°£*EORGII HI. Cap. 159. 3 26$

tity than what is fee forth and contained in the Account given thereof as aforesaid, then the Owner or Person giving in such Account shall pay , the Costs ;\u ! Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging; alt wh ch fain Coifs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the said Rates are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if such Goods or other Things shall appear to be of the fame or less Weight or Quantity than the same shall by such Account appear to be of, then the said Collector shall pay the Coils and Charges ci inch weighing, measuring, and gauging, and also pay to such Owner or Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or other Things, such Damages as shall appear to have arisen from such Detention; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Collector, the lime shall be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such ocher Manner as any of the Penalties or Forfeitures hereby iniposed upon the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents,

Servants, or Workmen, may be recovered and levied by virtue of this Act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whosoever shall Passage on have free Liberty to pass upon and ule the said Railways with Waggons the Railway* or other Carriages properly conilruded as herein-after mentioned, and to ule the Wharfs hereby auth *rized to be made upon Payment only Payment of-of such Rates as are authorized to be received by this Act, and Rates, subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers herein granted,

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, save strangers not and except the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, or Servants, or to travel on others in Company with them, or the Surveyor General or his Deputy and Servants, or the Inspectors to be herein-after mentioned, shall ride, ^',s°n lead, or drive, or cause to be rode, led, or driven upon such Railways or any Part thereof, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Mule, or Afs, or shall lead or drive, or cause to be led or driven thereon, any Cow or other neat Cattle, Sheep, Swine, or any other Beail or Animal, (except only in crofting the fame at Places to be appointed for that Purpose, and for the necessary Occupation of the respective Farms through which the fame Railways may be laid), he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall pass upon No Waggon any Part of the said Railways with any Waggon or other Carriage what- to pass on the forver, unless the same shall be construded according to the Orders and Railways ex-Regulations of the said Company of Proprietors, which Orders and Regulations shall be affixed upon a conspicuous Part of every Toll House eroded on such Railways for-collecting the Rates of Tonnage by this Act imposed, (except in eroding the fame for the convenient Occupation of the adjacent Grounds, and in passing any Publick or Private Carriage Road which may happen to crols the said Railways), and that if any Person or Persons shall pass upon any Part of the said Railways with [Lee. S38 Per.] 36M any

3266 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

any Cart, Waggon, or Cartiage, not confirudted in the Manner by this Act directed, (except as before excepted), he, she, or they so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to the said Company of Proprietors.

I.XXV. And whereas it is expedient that all Timber growing in His Majesty's Forest, should be as far as is possible referred for the Uses of the Navy, and also that as much of the Lands of His Majesty's said Forests as is fit for the Growth of Timber applicable to such Uses should be employed in the Production thereof, and the Timber growing or to be Coals not to produced thereon protected from Injury and Depredation; be it further

from m!"1 cnaftedj That no Coal, Stone, or Iron Ore shall be carried upon or along

the Owner*or any or elt*ler of Railways hereby empowered to be made, or Occupiers of any Part thereof, whether in or out of the said Forest from any Pit, which* shall Mine, or Quarry, the Owner or Occupier of which, after the said main Line?'0 mam ^’ne completed, for or in Helped of the sinking, opening, or

pitted receive u^nS such P:ti Mine, or Quarry, shall claim to be intitled to and shall Forclt Tim- receive any Timber or Wood of the fai.l Forest growth, and that no Coal, ker» &c. Stone, or Iron Ore shall be carried.upon or along either of the said Main Line or Branches of Railway hereby empowered to be made, from any Pit, Mine, or Quarry to be hereafter sunk or opened at the Difiance of more than One hundred Yards from the said Main Line or Branches of Railway, without the Consent in Writing of the Surveyor General for the Time being, on a previous Application to him in Writing, and signed by the Miner or Miners desirous of opening such Pit, except in the Cafe of any Pit, Mine, or Quarry to be hereafter sunk or opened in any of the Plains, or flat, wet, and nrarshy Parts of the said Forest, called and known by the Name of Greens, the Coal, Stone, or Iron Ore dug and got from, ■which last-mentioned Pits, Mine', or Quarries so hereafter to be sunk or opened upon any of the said Greens, it shall be lawful to carry upon «r along any or either of the said Railways or any Part thereof, although the fame may be at a greater Distance than One hundred Yards from the said Main Line or Branches of Railway, and may have been sunk or opened without such previous Application to and Consent of the said Surveyor General as aforesaid, and every Owner or Occupier of every such Pit, Mine, or Quarry, offending in either of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Coal, Stone, or Iron Ore which shall lie so taken, carried, or conveyed as aforesaid without such Consent as aforesaid, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, and every Carrier (not being the Owner thereof) knowingly carrying or conveying she fame shall for every such Offence forfeit and pav any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, and also such Coal, Stone, or Iron Ore final I be seized, taken, and forfeited, and the said several Forfeitures and Penalties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall be applied and disposed of to His Majesty's Use.

ReftningHis Majesty's Rights to Share of Mine I.

LXXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall affect, alter, reflrict in any way, or be construed to affect, alter, or restrict any of His Majesty's lawful Rights to any Share of the Produce of any Mines opened and work.d, or to be opened and worked in the said Forest, or any Composition for the fame or otherwise, or any Bower, Jurisdiction or Authority which by Law appertains to His Majesty, with re-

sped

22$7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

fnect to the opening and working of such Mines and’to the Produce thereof, and which has lawfully b en or may be exercised on Behai of His laid Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by his Officer of the said. Forest, called and known by the Designation of the Keeper of His Majesty's Gawles, or the lawful and sufficient Deputy or Deputies of such Officer.

I.XXVII. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to limit or abridge the Right now verted in His Majesty, by an Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the Poreft of Dean, and an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New Forefs, to inclose, lever, and improve, plant and hold in Severalty any Part of the Waste or open Lands of the faiii Forest for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, freed and discharged from all Rights, Titles, Privileges, and Claims whatsoever, as extensively and in such Manner as is authorized by the said Two Iaft-mentioned Act?, or either of them, and that in case any Pit, Mine, or Stone Quarry, for the digging and getting of Coals, Stone, or Iron Ore therein and therefrom, shall have been, or at any Time hereafter be opened within any Part of the said Waste or open and uninclosed Lands, which shall or may be deemed at any Time hereafter proper so to be inclosed as aforesaid, the Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers, and the Miner or Miners concerned or in any Way interested in such Pit, Mine, or Stone Quarry, on receiving Notice in Writing from the Surveyor General for the Time being, that such Lands are intended to be inclosed for the Purposes aforesaid, and by virtue of thejiaid Acts, shall be and is, and are hereby required within Six Months from the Date of such Notice to relin-quiill and abandon the working of any such Pit, Mine, or Stone Quarry; or in Cases where the said Surveyor General shall signify in Writing his Consent thereto, to fence off the fame from the rest of the said Lands and the Road leading thereto ©n each Side, and in such Manner as shall be required by the said Surveyor General, and so as not to leave more than the Width of Seven Yards for such Road between the Fences on each Side thereof, in which Cafe, with such Consent it shall be lawful to continue to work such Pit, Mine, or Stone Quarry, notwithstanding any such Inclosure of the Lands in which the same shall be situatecl.

LXXVI1L And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or Person appointed to collect the Tolls, shall on Monday Morning in every Week deliver unto the said Deputy Surveyor or any Person to be employed by the Surveyor General to obtain the fame, a List in Writing of the Name and Names of all and every Free Miner or Free Miners whose Coals, Stone, or Iron Ore, shall have been carried through their respective Gates in the preceding Week, and of the Carrier a.id Carriers haaling and conveying the same.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor General or his Deputy shall from Time to Time make out and give to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors a List of the Names of all and every

7 the

This Act

dial! not affeclfcheRitdiU granted to His Majesty by 20 C. 2.

& 45 G 3.

Clerk to deliver to the Deputy Surveyor Lifts of the Names of free Miners and Carriers using Railways*

Deputy Surveyor to give Lifts to the Clerk of free

Miners opening Pits, ike.

Penalty on Proprietors anil Collectors permitting such Miners to pass.

Empowering Deputy Surveyor to seize their Coals.

No Goods to be unladen in the Fore ft except, ike.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. isg.

the Free Miners who shall hereafter open any Pic at the Distance of more than One Hundred Yards from the said Main Line or Main Branches of Railway, without such Application to and Consent of the said Surveyor General or other Person duly authorized as aforesaid, and also of all and every the Free Miners who shall after the said Main Line shall be completed claim and receive such Timber, for (inking, opening, or working any Pit, Mine or Quarry within the said Forest, and whose Names the Laid Clerk shall cause to‘be written on a Board under a Superscription, denoting that such Persons clain^-und receive such Timber, and fix tile fame up to public View at each Gate on the said Railways, where the Tolls (l)ail be collected ■, and if any Collector shall at any 'Lime or Times permit or suffer any Coal, Stbne, or Iron Ore, knowing the same to be the Property of any Person or Persons named in the said Table, to pass such Gate or Gates,1 the said Company of Proprietors shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the said Collector any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to the Use of His said Majesty for each and every such Offence; and if the said Deputy Surveyor or ar.y Person employed by him or such Collector or Collectors shall Ivjfpeft any Coals, Stone, or Iron Ore, hauled or carried on the said Railways or either of them to be the Property of any such Free Miner or Fre.e Miners, Or of any Person who shall have purchased the fame from, or otherwise obtained the fame under Colour of the Name or Privilege of such Free Miner, although such Fact shall be denied by the Carrier, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Surveyor or his Allillants, or such Collector, so seize any such Coal, Stone, or Iron Ore, and in case such Seizure shall be made by such Collector, he is hereby required forthwith to give Notice therepf to the said Deputy Surveyor, who is also hereby required to cause Information to be made of such Seizure before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Gloucejicr, which Justice or Justices shall have Power to bear and determine the said Complaint, and to summon all and every other Person or Persons to appear before him and them, and to give F.vidence thereon, upon Oath, and upon such' hearing the Proof that such Coal, Stone, and Iron Ore, was not the Property of a Free Miner claiming or receiving Timber or Wood from the iaid Fore(l,or was not dug or raised in such Pit opened beyond the Distance of One hundred Yards from the said Main Line or Main Branches without the Consent in Writing of the said Surveyor General as aforesaid, (except as aforesaid), shall rest upon the Owner of such Coal, Stone, or Iron Ore, or the Carrier thereof; and in case such Seizure shall appear to such Justice or Justices to have been irregular and illegal, or to have been made without areasonable Ground of Suspicion, such Justice or Justices shall havePower and Authority to award such Satisfaction to the Party injured as he or they shall think fit.

’{d ttttn'oqqs

LXXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Coal infinite,-Iron Ore, or other Articles, Goods, Wares, or Merchan lizes0wfiS(raevtfr to be carried on the said Railways, shall be unladen or delivered said Foi eft, unless where it maybe necessary to transfer one Raiiway Cart to another, or to some other Carriage, bydiredly loading the one into the other to proceed immediately, and unleff fAiJjh. other Place or Places where either of the Principal Lines of Railway ftifatfi interfed or communicate with any King’s Highway in the Forestj wWdfY on Application in Writing to the Surveyor General, signed by fotne Person

3269

49* GEORGII III. Cap. igq.

son duly authorized on behalf of the said Railway Company, shall be consented to by the said Surveyor General, at which last mentioned Places of Deposit so to be consented to, no Inclosures, Buildings, or covered Warehouses, shall be permitted to be erected or made, and that no Timber, Wood, or Bark, of any Sort, other than such of His Majesty's Timber, Wood, and Bark, either belonging to His Majesty, or any Person or Persons who may have purchased the fame of Him, as shall have been felled and dripped in the Forest under the Authority and Direction of His Majesty's Surveyor General, shall be loaded or carried on or along any Part of the Railways within the said Forest, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds if the Driver shall be the Owner of such Carriage, or of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings if he shall be the Driver only, for each and every such Offence; and also of the Forfeiture of such Timber, Wood, or Bark, such Penalty and Forfeiture to be to the Use of His said Majesty to be recovered as after mentioned; save and except that it shall be lawful for the said Miners of the said Forest, by themselves or their Agents, or by the said Carriers, to haul and bring into the said Forest such Timber and Wood as shall be necessary for the Use of the said Coal Pits, Mines, and Quarries in the said Forest, and to be bond sids used m getting the Produce thereof, but, in which Cafe the Person or Persons for whom the same shall be brought shall cause at the least Two Days previous Notice in Writing to be given to the Deputy Surveyor of the said Forest of the Time of carrying the fame, by leaving the fame at his Office or delivering the fame in Person, and of the Parts of the said Railways over which the fame is intended to pass; and for the Conveyance of which from the Entrance of the Forest to the Pit, Mine, or Quarry, where the same shall be unloaded or used, reasonable Time shall be given not exceeding Six Hours; and save and except also that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Servants and Agents to carry Bark, although such Bark may not have been produced in the Forest from the Wharfs at or near Lidbrook aforesaid and Bishop's Wood along the said Main Line to the Termination at or near the Lower Forge aforesaid, upon giving such Notice as aforesaid to the said Deputy Surveyor and Inspector, in order that they or either of them may, and they or one of them is hereby required to attend the first loading thereof, and to enter the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and also to give to the Carrier or Driver of the Waggon or Carriage in which the fame mail be laden, a Ticket in Writing, signed by themor him, specifying the Weight or Quantity of such Bark, which said Carrier* or Driver shall proceed on his Journey without Delay, and shall deliver the said Ticket to the Clerk or Agent of the Company at the Extremity of the said Railway next the Severn, to be by him filed and preserved among the Papers of the said Company for the Inspection of the said Surveyor General, or other Persons appointed by him for that Purpose, and for the Conveyance whereof only Eight Hours shall be allowed; and any Person offending against the Exception or Privilege aforesaid, in any Manner, shall be considered a Wrong Doer ab initio, and , be subject to the Forfeiture arid Penalty herein-before imposed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Ma- Mpeftow to jesty’s said Surveyor General for the Time being from Time to Time to be appointed nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as he shall thisk recef- fe cacart, sS’ Fer.J 36 JS lary K a‘ *'

$27CJ y 49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 159.

and de- fary for the Purpose of preventing and detecting Thefts and Frauds cm Pe'fori^1^ the said Railways, Tram Roads, and other Works, and also for infoeding, enquiring, and reporting to the said Surveyor General or his Deputy, whether the Conditions herein mentioned and directed have been duly kept and performed by the said Company, in Consideration of the Liberty and Privilege hereby given, and each of such Persons so appointed, shall and may from Time to Time as often as they or either of them shall fee Occasion, flop, detain, examine and search any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage going or travelling on the said Railways or other Works, which there shall be Reason to suspect hath any limber or Bark stolen or unlawfully procured from or out of His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and also to apprehend and detain or cause. to be apprehended and detained any Person or Persons who may be reafohably suspected of having or conveying the fame and such person or Persons shall be (as soon as conveniently may be) •epnvqyed before. One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, and if such Person or Persons shall not give an Account of the Manner of his, her, or their coming by such Timber or Bark, which shall upon Investigation be satisfactory to such Justice or Justices, or if such Person or Persons shall not upon being required fp to do, produce the Party or Parties from whom he, she, or they received the fame, or if such Person or Persons shall produce the Party or Parties last aforesaid, and upon the whole of the Evidence it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that the Person or Persons so suspeded did at the Time of his, her, or their receiving such Timber into his, her, or their Possession, believe or had reasonable cause to believe that the fame Was at any lime and by any Person unlawfully come by or obtained, such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor; and being the Driver and Owner of every such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and not being such Owner, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be applied and disposed of to and for the Benefit of His said Majesty.

Surveyors LX&XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That General or nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to j^vy Board prevent the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and for the said ktetal^Lines" Surveyor General for the time being, at his and their Diforetion to lay any Collateral Lines of Railway, at the Expence of their Official Department to join and communicate with the Main and other Lines of Railway, herein-before authorized to be made by the said Company of Proprietors for the Carriage of Timber and Wood, and Bark, to, be felled and stripped in the said Forest, qnder the Direction of the Lid Surveyor General, and to carry such Timber, Wood, and Bark on the Railways hereby authorized to be made, for which a reasonable Payment shall be. made to the said Company of Proprietors, and also Satisfaction for any Tnjury. which may be done to the said Railways by the Weight or Size of Xfother carried thereon or otherwise, ..

Company to

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Prqprie-pay after the tors shall on the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, pay or cause-Rate of One. to pjjj unto t}je Surveyor General or his Deputy for the Time WeelTfcr being for the Use of His said Majesty, a Sum at and after the Rate of One such Iafpec- Guinea

49®GErORGII TIT. Cap. 159,

Guinea a Week, for and towards the Costs and Charges which will be incurred by His laid Majesty in appointing and keeping such Inspedois as are herein-before named, and also the further Sum of Three hundred Pounds yearly for the Liberty and Privilege hereby given, such Payment for the said Inspectors, to commence from and to continue only during such Time as such Officer shall be appointed and employed for that Purpose by the said Sui veyor General, and the said Yearly Rent of Three hundred Pounds from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, or from such earlier Period at which the said Main Line of Railway shall be completed.

LXXXIV. And, for the better Regulation of the Owners of Waggons and other Carriages, and others employed by or under them rel'pedively, and for the more easy Detection of any Thing by them done contrary to the Directions of this Att; be it further enacted, That every Owner of any Waggon or other Carriage paffi.ig along the said Railways shall cause his or her Name and Place of Abode, and the Number of his or her Waggon or other Carriage to be entered with the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and shall also cadfe such Name and Number to be printed in large White Capital Letters and Figures cn a Black Ground, Three Inches high at the least, and a proportional Breadth, on some conspicuous Part of the Outside of every such Waggon or other Carriage, and shall permit and suffer every such Waggon or other Carriage to be gauged or measured, at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, whenever it shall be required by them, or any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose, provided that no such Waggon or other Catriage shall be gauged or measured more than Four Times in any one Year; and every Owner of any Waggon or other Carriage which shall pass on any Part of the said Railways, without having such Name, Figures, and Index thereon, as herein-before directed, and every Person who shall alter, erase, deface, or destroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or who shall refuse to permit and suffer the same to be gauged and measured, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of every Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railways, shall be, and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil, or Mischief that>shall be done by his, her, or their Waggon or other Carriage, or any or the Waggoners or other Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, unto the Railways, or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or by loading or unloading any Waggon or ojJ^rC'ar* rlage, and for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be dope to,1 the Owners or Occupiers of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or, pthf^ Pt,oj* perty adjoining or lying near to the lame or any of them, or any. p^ier Trespass whatsoever j and the said Owner or Owners of such Waggqn pr other Carriage, shall for every such Damage, upon Conviction of such Person or Persons before any justice of the Peace, either by the Confef-lion of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer), pay to the Person or Persons ■injured, the Damages to be ascertained by such Justice, provided that such D..mages do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and ailb shall,

over

3 27*

tors, and also Thucchundsed Poiindi per Annum for the Privileges giren by this Act.

Owners to

put their Names on Outside their Waggons,

Owners of Waggons an-fwcrable for Damages,

327* 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

over and above such Damages, forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum npt exceeding Forty Shillings, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences attending such Conviction; which Damages, Penalties, and Colts shall be leved by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus (if any), after such Penalty, Damages, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, or If the said Damages shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, then and in such Case the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame in any Court of Record at Westminster; and if a Verdict pass against him or her, or Judgement be given against him or her upon Demurrer or by Default, the Plaintiff in such Case shall recover his Damages thereby fuftaiaed, with full Colts of Suir.

Owners to LXXXVJ. Provided always, That m case the Owner or Owners of any recover back Waggon or other Carriage, as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Servants an penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage, by reason of any Sum*paidfor w‘fful Neglect or Default done or committed by his, her, or their Ser-their Neglect vant or Servants, such Servant or Servants shall be liable to repay such •rDefault. Penalty or Satisfaction to such Owner or Owners, and in case of Non-payment upon Demand thereof, and Oath made by such Owner or Owners of the Payment by him, her, or them, of such Penalty or Satisfaction, and that the fame hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, by such Servant or Servants, although demanded (such Oath to be made before One Justice of the Peace), the fame Penalty and Satisfaction shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Servant, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, and the said Penalty and Satisfaction, when recovered, shall be paid to such Owner or Owners in discharge of such Penalty and Satisfaction so by him or them paid for the wilful Act or Default of such Servant or Servants as aforesaid; and in case no sufficient Distress C3n be had, such Justice of the Peace shall, and is hereby required to commit such Servant to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

Pmahy on

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon or other Car-Iciving Wag- riage, shall be placed or suffered to temain in any Part of the said Railways, *001’ c' or other Works, so as to obstruct the Passage thereof, and the Person having

the Care of such Waggon or ether Carriage, shall not immediately upon Requtft made remove such Waggon or other Carriage, he shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Hour such Obstruction shall continue after the making of such Reqiielt; and it shall be lawful for any Agent or Officer to the said Company of Proprietors to cause any such Waggon or other Carriage to be unloaded, if ne-ccssary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper for preventing such Obstruction, and detain such Waggon or other Carriage, and the Loading thereof, or any Part of such Loading, until the Charges occasioned by such Removal shall be paid; and if such Payment shall not be made within the Space of One Week, then it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of such Waggon or other

Carriage,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i^o. 3273

Carriage, with the Loading thereof, in such Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rept in Arrear, rendering to the former Owner of such Waggon or other Carriage the Overplus, after i'uch Expences and the Charges of such Sale shall be deducted.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall fulLr the loading ofany Waggon or Carriage using the said Railways, to lie over {(ruain[, tt*e the Sides of such Waggon or other Carriage, or shall overload any such using of the* Waggon or oilier Carriage, so as to obfiruft the passing of any other Works. Waggon or other Carriage, and dial I not, immediately upon Notice to him given for that Purpose, remove such GWlrudion; or it any Person shall throw any Gravel, Stones, Rubbilli, or other Matter or Thing info or upon any Part of the said Railways, or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, Oi damaging maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw Railway*, down, destroy, Ileal or take away any Part of the said Railways, or other Works to be eroded and made by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and confided, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or in Mitigation of such Punishmcnr, such Courts may, if they shall think fir, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her known Agent or Agents, till Satisfaction shall have been tendered as herein provided.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Companycm prittors shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, within One Month P°'very<l tu next after any Part of the said Railways shall be laid out and formed, ati Gatp* their own Colls and Charges, make, ered, and set up, and from Time. to- &c.umier Di-Time maintain and support such and lb inanv convenient Gates in and rection of the upon the said Railways, and atib all Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, k'nmifficm-Drains, and Passages over, under, or by the Side of the said Railways, e,i' of such Dimensions and in such Manner as the Lid Commissioners shall at any of titeir Meetings from Time to Time judge ntceflnry and appoint* or if the same shall be required within the said Fprtft, then in fuu.ht'

Manner as the said Surveyor General shall judge necetljify.an 1; apppi»£, in case there shall be any Dispute about the lame, for the Uft of tlja Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds rhrough.wiijch such Kqii*' waysshallbemade.orforprotedingthesaid LandsandGrouftdsfromTrefptdV or the Cattle or other PropertyofrheOwnersorOccupiersthereoffroineltray-ing or escaping thereout, by reason of such Railways or any other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, and all such Gates, Bridges,

Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Passages so to be made as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be supported, maintained, and kept in sufficient Repair and Condition by the said Company of Proprietor s, and in case the said Company of Proprietors shall refuse or neglect to make, erect, or set up such Gates, Bridges, Arches, Ditches, Drains [Lee. Per.'] 36 0 and

3 -’74-

Owners of

Lands empowered to erect Ga es, &c. on In-1 lutficiency of those erected by ihe Company.

49' GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

and Passages as herein-before directed, or to maintain and support the fame, or any of them when erected, set up, and made in Manner as aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed lor those Purposes respectively by the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor General, then and in ev. rv such Case it shall be lawful lor every cr any of the O whers or Occupiers of the said Lands or Hereditaments who shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Neglect or Refusal, or for the said Surveyor General to make, erett, and let up all such Gates, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as the said Comnuff.oners shall have before directed or appointed to be made, erected, and let up as aforesaid, and to maintain, repair, and support the fame from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, so that in making and maintaining such Gates, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as aforesaid, the said Railways, and other Things hereby authorized to be made or erected by the said Company of Proprietors, shall not be obstructed or injured for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner, than shall be necessary for the doing thereof; and all the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof (to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners) shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands or Hereditaments, or to the said Surveyor General who shall have so eroded and made, repaired or maintained, such Gates, Bridges, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as aforesaid, by the said Company ot Proprietors, within the Space of Two Calendar Months, next after the fame Hull have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand in Writing shall have been delivered and made thereof, to and from the said Company of Proprietors by delivery of such Account or Demand to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, and in Default of Payment of the said Costs and Charges within the Tune aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, far the Use of such Person or Persons who shall have so incurred such Costs and Charges, rendering to the said Company of Proprietors the Overplus (if any) after deducing the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to be settled by the said Commissioners, and tvry or any of the said Owners or Occupiers, upon ReTulal cr Neglect of the said •Company of Proprietors to pay the said Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall and may also have such and the like Remedy against them or any of them for the Recovery thereof by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cases is by this Act directed.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments through which the said Railways shall be made, or the Surveyor General in the Calc aforesaid, do or Thai! at any Time or Times hereafter apprehend that any of the Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages respectively which thefuid-Commilfnners or the said Surveyor General shall have, so directed or appointed to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, are insufficient either in their Number or Situation for the commodious LTe and Occupation of the respective Lands or Hereditaments through which the said Railways shall pass, then and so often, or in any such Cale it shall bjs lawful for any such Owreis or Occupiers, with the Consent and Approbation

3275

491 GEORGII III: Cap. 159.

probation of the said Company of Proprietors, upon Request made to them, or their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, or in Case of their Refusal for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Request, then with the Content and Approbation of the said Commissioners, to make, fix and erect at their own Costs and Charges any such other Gates, Bridges,

Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, or Passages in, upon, or near to the said Railways, in such Places as shall be found and adjudged most necessary and convenient for the better Ule, Cultivation, Improvement, or Occupation of such Lands or Hereditaments, and to repair and support the fame tit their own like Costs and Charges as Occasion shall require, so that the Passage through or along the said Railways be not prevented or ob-flrufted thereby for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than the fame would necessarily have been if such Gates, Bridges, Arche,

Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Pillages had been made or ereited by the said Company of Proprietors.

XCII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor Givers and General or his Deputy for the Time being, and the Lord Warden and Ocupur,to other Officers of the Forest for the Time being, and for the Owners and Occupiers of the tespective Lands or Grounds through which the said Railways shall be made, and his and their Servants and Workmen, Cattle and Carriages, at all Times to pass and repass over, upon, and across such Part of the said Railways as shall be made in and i pon or immediately adjoining to their said Lands or Grounds respectively, not damaging or obstructing the fame or the Passage thereof, but not to ule Railway Carriages, or do any Damage thereon.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Exempusm contained shall extend to subj: ft any Cart or Carriage, or Horse, or other Cattle used or employed in carrying or conveying Coal, Limed ne. Iron- Favor ot llone, Metals, Minerals, Timber, Wood, Materials, Goods, Wares, and Me(Tr». PiJ-Merchandizes, or other Articles to and from the present or any future coc^-Works and Collieries of Mcfiieurs Thomas Pidcock, John Pidcock, and George I-hnfray, in the Parish of Lydney aforesaid, or in the Parish of Newland, in the said County of Gloucester, as Tenants of the said Charles Bathurf, which shall only cross the said Railways, to the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties by this Act authorized to be taken.

XCIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That For fencing the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby empowered off Railways, and required, at their own proper Charges, after any Land shall be taken for the Use of the Railways, to divide and separate, and keep constantly divided and fepaiated the fame from the Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railways with good and sufficient Pods, Rails, Hedges, Ditches,

Mounds, or other Fences, and at their own Coils and Charges, from Time to Time, maintain and support the said Pods, Rails, Hedges, Ditches,

Mounds, and other Fences so to be made as aforesaid, in caie the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railways, or any of them respectively, shall at any Time desire the same to be fenced off,' or in case the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper to fence off the fame, infttad of Gates being erected as aforesaid; and the said Company of Proprietors shall also make and maintain all necessar-y Gates and Stiles in all such Fences to be made as aforesaid, all

9 such

3276

.49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

such Gates being made to open towards such Lands and Grounds; then and in every such Case the Powers, Provisions, Directions, and Regulations herein-before contained with respect to the Gates and other Works as aforesaid, shall extend and apply and be applicable to the making and maintaining of such Fences as fully and effectually to atl Intents and Purposes as if the said Powers, Provisions, Directions, and Regulations were now repeated and re-enacted with respect to' such Fences.

A, to fencin'^ XCV. Provided also. That so much of the Railways hereby empowered within the to be made as lies within the Fbrefl of Dean, as all ) all and every CoJ-l oreft. lateral Branch or Branches which shall or may at any Time hereafter be made by the said Company of Proprietors, extending from or leading thereto, shall be, by and at the Expence of them the said Company of Proprietors, fenced and kept fenced from the Lands and Grounds adjoining, or through which the fame shall pass, when and in such Manner as the(Sutveyor General or his Deputy, or any Inspector duly appointed, shall from Time to Time direct; and that immediately upon Notice by the said Surveyor General, his Deputy or Inspector, for that Purpose given to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors or Collector at the neatefi Gare, the said Company of Proprietors shall repair the fame, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor leQe than Five Pounds, and in case such Defect of Fence shall be on a Collateral Branch leading from the said Main Line into any Inclosure for the Growth of Timber, the Gate set upon the F.ntrance into such Branch shall be kept locked by the said Surveyor General, his Deputy or inspectot; and no Carriage allowed to travel rhercon, until such Defect shall be repaired, under thel Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds, such last-mentioned Penalties to be applied to His Majesty's Use; and if any Question shall atife as to the reasonable Time within which such Defect of Repairs shall be made good and completed, the same shall be detertninrd by the justice of the Peace before whom any Complaint herein shall be made.

Gates to be XCVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or thut and Persons opening any Gate set up across the said Railways, or if more fattened than One Person shall closely and immediately follow each oth-r, aller Wa"- rf,£n (hg jjft gf such Persons shall, and he and they is and are hereby have paded directed and required, so soon as he or they, and the Waggon or . iroughiliem, other Carriage shall have passed through the fame, to (hut and fallen mi Penalty of the fame, and every Person neglecting so to do shall forfeit and pay ■51* for every ftrcli Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied

and recovered as heTein-after mentioned, and the Money arising by such Forfeiture or Forfeitures shall be applied in the Manner following; (that is to say). One Half thereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Halt to the Poor of the Township or Parish where such OlTence Arall be committed, or if such Offence be committed withirt' the said Forest, th>n such other Half shall be paid to tha faitPSurveypr fjr the Use of His Majesty; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

'Penalty on XCVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Peting open1^" ^0Iis °Fen'nS any Braw Bridge or Swivel Bridge, erected by virtue of

Swivrl or thl*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159. 5277

this Act for the Passage of any Boat or other Vessel, shall from Time to Draw Time as soon as such Boat or other Vessel shall have passed such Bridge &c-

shut and fasten the fame, and that every Person neglecting so to do shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and in case any such Bridge shall be left open longer than necessary for the Passage of any Boat or other Vessel as aforesaid, through the Neglect or Carelessness of any Person belonging to any such Boat or Vessel, then the Master or Owner of such Boat or Vessel shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings on. due Proof being made before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Glonce[ler of such Neglect as aforesaid, and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully open any such Swivel Bridge or Draw Bridge when no Vessel is to pass through the fame, so as to interrupt the free Passage over the fame, such Person or Persons on being convicted thereof in the Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor leL than Twenty Shillings, to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger, or other To prevent Servant belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, ilaall give any Wba,fi‘,ger, Preference or shew any Partiality to any Person or Persons in loading or ^'refaence to unloading any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes at any of the Wharfs, Boats. Warehousis, Weigh Beams, Cranes, and other Machines belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be thereof convicted before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Louis of Ma or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors, and the Owner or n,is Owners of any Lands or Grounds near to, through, or by which the ^nlhdrowit said Railways or any of them shall be made, to erect and use any Wharfs, Lands. Cranes, Weigh Beams, or Warehouses in or upon his, her, or their re-lpective Wastes, Lands, or Grounds adjoining or near to the said Railways or any of them, and to land any Goods or other Tilings upon such Wharfs, or upon the Banks lying between the fame and the said Railways, or any of them, and also to make and use proper and convenient Places for Waggons, Carts and other Carriages to lie and turn in and pass each other, so that the making or using thereof do not obstruct or prejudice the Passage of the said Railways or any of them, and that all Rates or Tolls which shall be paid for the Use of such Wharfs, Cranes, Weighbeams, and Warehouses respectively, shall be, and the same are hereby accordingly vested in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manors, or the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds who shall make and erefl the same as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Representatives, so that the Rates and Powers herein granted to the said Company of Proprietors be not thereby reduced, altered, or infringed.

C. And be it further enacted, That if any such Lord or Lords, ButiftWy Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners, shall not within the Space of Twelve refute when Calendar Months next after Notice given in Writing to him, her, or them, rfT1‘r"1 b>" or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, by or on behalf of'proSe!!17 ' [Loc. if Per.J 36 P of tori, the

32781

t' r.'pany of Proprietors may erect the same.

Penalty on Persone taking in or unr loadingGoods unless at a P ublick Wharf.

Rates of W hai sage

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

of the said Company of Proprietors, that any Part of such Wade#, Lands, or Grounds is necessary or proper to be used by them for the Purpose of erecting and making Wharfs, Warehouses, and Buildings for the Use of the said Railways, make, erect, and lay out, and from Tims to Time maintain and keep in good and fucftantial Repair, such proper and sufficient Wharfs, Warehouses, and Buildings, for the Use of the said Railways, as the said Commissioners iffemlded at a Meeting to be held as herein-before mentioned, or the major Part of them, shall think necessary on the respective Part or Paits of the Waste Lauds and Grounds described in such Notice, then, and in every or any such Case the said Company of Proprietors flnll have full Power and Authority without any Hindrance or Reftrsint whar-soever, to make Use of such Walks, Land', or Grounds, (not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building Hands, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk. or an Avenue to any House), for erecting and building proper and sufficient Wharfs, Warehouses, and Buildings, respectively, agreeably to such Notice as aforesaid, they the said Company of Proprietors full making Satisfaction for the lame, in such Manner as is herein-before diiefted with respect to any other Lands or Grounds which shall be taken or used by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of this Act, and then and in such Ca!e ail Rates or Tolls which shall be paid for the Use and Benefit cf such last-mentioned Wharfs, Cranes, Weighbeams, and Warehouses respectivrly, shall be and the same are hereby accordingly vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors.

CL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons working or employed in working any Waggon or ether Carriage upon the said R; ilways, shall load, unload, or take into any such Waggon or other Carriage any Goods, Wares, ai.d Merchandizes, or Commodities whatsoever, liable to pay any of the Tolls, Rates, or Duties herein-before mentioned, for the Purpose of evading the said Tolls, Rates, or Duties, or any of them, at any other Place or Places than at the Wharfs or Quays hereby authorized to be made, such Person or Persons, shall Lrfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor Ief= than Forty Shillings.

CII. And be it further enacted, That no more than the Sum of One Penny per Ton shall be demanded or taken by any such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Land Owner or Owners, who shall make, erect, or build any such Wharfs in pursuance of the Notice to be given by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors to such Lord or L.ords, Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners for that Purpose as af'oresaid, or by the Did Company of Proprietors themselves, under the Power herein-before'for that Put pole contained (as the Case may be), for the Wharfage of any Coals, Culm, Limtflone, Clay, Iron, Iron-Stone, Lead Ore, or any other Ores, 'I tmber, Stone, Brides, Tiles, Slates, Gravel, Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, Manure, nor more than Three-pence per Ton for the Wharfage of any other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Things what foev^r, where the same shall be respectively placed and remain upon any such Wharfs* and shall not continue thereupon for a longer Space of Time than Six Days, except Coals, Culm, Limestone, Clay, Iron, Iron Stone, Lead Ore, or other Ore, Timber, Stone, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Gravel, Hay, Straw, 1 Com.

3279.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

Corn in the Straw, and Manure, which may remain thereupon for One Month upon Payment of the said Three-pence per Ton: Provided never-ihelcfs, that in case any of the said Articles (halt be left and remain in and upon any such Wharfs for the Space of Ten Days over and above the Time hereby limited for the fame respectively, then the 0*ner or Owners cf such Articles shill pay to the Proprietors of fitch Wharfs One Penny per Ton for such Ten Days, and One Penny per Ton for every further Day which such Articles shall remain upon such Wharfs after the Expiration of the said Ten Days: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the hid Company of Proprietors to erect, repai', and use any C anes or Weighing Machines upon any such Wharfs lait mentioned, for the more convenient loading and unloading and weighing of any such Minerals or other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, in case the Proprietors of such Wharfs shall neglect or refuse to make and crest the fame for the Space of Three Calendar Months, after they shall have received Noiice in Writing for that Purpose from the said Company of Proprietors, or when so erected, neglect or refuse to keep the fame in Repair; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Charles Bathurst, his Heirs and Assigns, shall and will, and is-and are hereby required and authorized upon Notice in Writing to be given by the said Company of Proprietors to set apart, allot, and employ such Quantity of Land adjoining or contiguous to the Termination of the said Railways, at or near The Lower Forge aforesaid, as shall be ifeceflary for publick Wharls as aforesaid, and also shall and will at all future Times, on Application and' Notice in Writing made and given to him by the said Company of Proprietors, that the said Wharfs, are too small and insufficient for their Purpose, increase and enlarge the same to such Extent and in. such Manner as may be necessary, and in case any Difference of Opinion shall arise between the said Charles Bathurst and the said Company of Proprietors, whether the Land which shall be then already allotted and assigned, be cr be not sufficient and proper for fuchf Whtrfs, and for the Trade to be carried on upon the fame, such Difference shall be referred to and settled by the Commissioners appointed by or by virtue of this Act for settling Differences between the said Company of Proprietors and any Owner of Land to be used for the Purposes cf this Act.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Rates and Duties to be payable to the said Charles Bathurst, his Heirs or Assigns, for Goods to be landed and deposited on the Wharfs, to be made upon his Lands and Grounds, shall after the First Day of January, One thou-1‘and eight hundred and thirteen, be leL than the Sum of Five hundred Pounds a Year, the Deficiency, if any, shall be made good and payable unto the said Charles Bathurst, his Heirs and Assigns, from the said Company of Proprietors, by and out of the Foils and Duties hereby granted to them, and such Deficiency shall be paid and payable within Two Calendar Mmths next after the End of ever/ Year, to be reckoned on the First Day of January yearly, and commencing as aforesaid from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

Mr. Bathurst

to allow and allotLand for Wharfs on the Severn.

Eroprietors

ts guara teet t ie Wharfage to Mr Bath-urst from Jan. I, IteI ?, to be not lets than 500I. per Annum.

CV. And.

3280

Regulation!

respecting

private

Wharfs.

Not to prevent Messrs. Pidcock from erecting Wharfs on their own JLands.

Annual Rent to be paid for I.and charged on the Tolls and Rates, •with Powers for recovering the same.

49- GEORGII III. Cap. 159.

CV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons to make Use of any Wharfs, Cranes, Weigh beams, or Warehouses which shall be fee out, erected, or made by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor, or the Owner or Owners' of any Lands or Grounds adjoining or near to the said Railways, for his, her, or their own private Use only, or to set up, erect, or use any Cranes or Weighing Machines in or upon any such Wharfs, without the Consent of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners, unless such private Wharfs, Cranes, Weighbeams, or Warehouses shall be erected without the previous Consent in Writing of the said Company of Proprietors, and they the said Company of Proprietors shall deem the fame necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, in which Cafe the same shall or maybe used in the same Manner asifthefam$ had been sent out, erected, or made in pursuance and for the general Purposes of this Act.

CVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall prevent or be construed to prevent the said ’Thomas Pidcock, John Pidcock, and George Horn/ray, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all future Occupiers of the Lands now holden by the said Thomas Pidcock, John Pidcock, and George Homfrav, of the said Charles Bathurst from erecting and making without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, any Wharfs, Quays, Landing Places, Cranes, Weighbeams, or Warehouses, for their own private Use, upon any of the said Lands which shall not be wanted for making the said Railways, in like Manner as they might or could have erected and made the fame in case this Act had not been passed, and that it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to take or make use of the fame Lands for the Purpose of erecting and making any Wharfs, Cranes, Weighbeams, or Warehouses, without having first obtained the Consent in Writing of the said Thomas Pidcock, John Pidcock, and George Homfray, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or of such future Occupiers as aforesaid.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Three hundred Pounds per Annum, and also the said Sum, after the Rare of One Guinea n Week, payable as aforesaid to His laid Majesty, and also such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be payable unto the said Charles Ba-ihurst, his Heirs and Assigns, by the said Company of Proprietors, from and out of the said Tolls and Duties, shall be charged on the Tolls, Rates, or Duries herein-before granted to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and shall be paid by them as the same shall become due and payable, and in case any such annual Rents, or the said Sum payable, to the said Charles Bathurst, hi' Heirs or Assigns, shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the lame shall respectively become due and payable, it shall be lawful for the said. Commissioners assembled at a Meeting to be held as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, not being leis than Three, by an Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the said Tolls, Rates, or Duties, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons to whom such annual Rent or Rents and other Sum so in Arrear shall be due,

4Qe GEORGII III. Cap. 159. 3-81

the faiil Commissioners taking such Security frctn. ev'erv such Collector, for thr due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they shall judge proper ■and sufficienr, and the Power and Authority of every such Collector shall •continue until such annual Rent or Rents, or other Sums so in arrear, with the Colts and Charge? of recovering and receiving thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, or His said Majesty, or the said Charles Batburjl, his Heirs- or Assigns, to whom such annual Rent or Rents, or other Sum shall be due-anti oyving, may sue for and recover the fame vrith Colts ot Suit by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or ot&erwTfe it shall be lawful for him and them, and he and they is and are hereby empoweed to flize and dillrain any Waggons, Carriages, or other Goods and Effects of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, which shall be found on the said Railways, or in, upon, or about the Wbaris, Warehouse or other Works belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, and to detain the lame until Payment of such Rent or Rents, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Diitrefs, and if such Dill ref shall not be rroeemed within Five Days after the same shall be taken, and Notice thereof given in Writing, by affixing such Notice on feme public Place a: any of the Wharfs, Qua> s, or TolI-Y:uf s belonging to the said Company o( Prop aors, then such * Waggons, Carriages, or o her Good-, or Effects so liitraineJ, shall and may be ippraised and fold in such Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distref; or Rent.

CVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar the Per- Remedies for ft>n or Persons to whom such Annual Rents or such Sums ot Money fqr recovering of Damages shall be p 'yafcle as aforebtid, shall and may for the Recovery annua'- cll*a thereofufe more than one or ali of the Remedies by this Act given or ai’u

r L t> c t r 1 b l'am aesmay

provided for the Recovery of the lame. be g.-j,

CIX. And be it further enacted, Thut if at any Time or Times hereafter For making any Person or Persons shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their FecomK1"-Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Property, determined by reason of the Execution j|°rt of any of the Powers hereby given, and for which no Remedy is herein- beforeparticu-

before provided, then and in every such Case, the Reconipence or Sacis- larlyprovided

faction for such Damage shall from Time to Time be settled and afeer- for* tained in such Manner as herein-before directed in respect to any other Recompence or Satisfaction herein-before mentioned.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have

To compel

subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe to advance any Money for payment of or towards making and maintaining the said Railways, and the other Subscrip-Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and they are hereby Uoiu’ required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Parts or Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called fo" by the said Committee, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places as shall be directed by the said Company of Proprietors, or the said Committee in Manner before mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame at the Time and in the Manner required for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the fame in any Ceurc of Law or Equity.

[Lee. Cf iVr.] 36

3282 49° GEORGII III. Cep. 159.'

Wain-railways and all Fences with-in the Forest to be completed in Three Years.

Railway Company not to interrupt Inclosurte, hut give their support to them.

Recovery of Forfeitures.

CXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Corn* pany of Proprietors shall not, within the Space of Three Years next after the puffing of this. Ad, make and complete the Main Line from the River IV)e at Lidbroik to the Lower Forge, and the said Collateral Branch from Mtery Stock to the Summit at Churchwaythe said Branch leading to the Head of Howler Slade, and the said Branch leading to the Birches, and all'o all and every the Fences and Inclosures of the other Lines and Branches herein-before mentioned, if required so to do by the Surveyor General of the said Forest, unless the said Surveyor General shall signify his Consent in Writing to enlarge the Time for making such Fences and Inclosures only, then and in either of such Cases, this Act, and all Powers and Authorities hereby given, or enlarged Time, as the Case may be, lo far as respects such of the said Railways and Fences within the said Forest, or such Part thereof as shall not then be finished, shall cease, determine, and be no longer in force.

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, their Servants or Agents, shall not in any Manner whatsoever impede, interrupt or prevent the Surveyor General of the said Forest, or any Person to be employed by him in raising or making Enclosures for the Growth or Support of Timber or Wood in the said Forest, under and determined by virtue of the said Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of H s Majesty King Charles the Second, and in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty; but that the said Company of Proprietors, their Servants and Agents, shall and will at all Times give their Support and Countenance to the making and keeping up such Enclosures, according to the Spirit, true Intent, and Meaning of the said Statutes.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures for Ostences against this Act, or any Rule, Bye Law, or Order to be made by the said Company of Proprietors or Committee as aforesaid, shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Gtoucester, either by the Conftffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, (which Warrant such justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus alter such Penalties or Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deduded, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, determined by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County of Glbucester, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall go and belong to the said Company of Proprietors, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 159. 328.$

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Pe/fom ajy. for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself R,evc‘| b.y shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same i>fftrefs, t« be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or Want recover fpc-of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other cial Dima^ej. Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Parry or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action upon the Cafe.

CXV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall he convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn uo in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen , (videlicet,)

Gkuceftnshire, to wit.

} T5E it remembered. That on the 3 Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County \specifying the 0fence, and the Time and Phice when and where the fame was committed. j Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Form of Coavi&ioa.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had Procrctiingj and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for not to be want of Form, or be r.mov.d by Certiorari, or any other Writ or 'J^'e^or Procef whatsoever, into any of His Majtliy’s Courts of Record at West- 0 mmj.er or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwith-stanuing.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking Appeal, himself, herlelf, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, may, within Two Calendar Months after such Order or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Selflons to be heid for the County or Place where such Cause of Appeal shall happen or arise, lirft giving Fourteen Days Notice, at the lead, in Writing, of such Intention to appeal to the Parties interested in such Complaint; and the said Justices shall, in a summary Way, hear and determine the said Appeal at such Session, or if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County or Place, asd if they fee Cause iqay mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule,

Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and may also order any such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and may also order such Colts to be paid to the Party aggrieved, day the Party aggressing, as they in their Judgement shall think just and reasonable.

3284

Limitation

Action

Fublie Act.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 159.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities, or any of the Orders made, given, or directed in, by, or under this Act, unless One Calendar Months previous Notice in Writing shall be given by the Person or Persons intending to commence and prosecute such Action, Suit, or Information, to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, nor unless such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; or in case there shall be a Continuation of Dan age, then within Three Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damages shall cease, and not afte1 wards, and shall be laid or brought in the said County of Gloucester, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matttr in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action, Suit, or Information shall have been brought or commenced before or after the respective Times so limited for bringing or commencing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury flmll find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs shall become noniuit, or fuller a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, on a Demurrer or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the lame as any Defendant hath for Costs of tSuit in any other Cafe by Law,

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 160.

An Act to continue and amend several Acts for repairing Roads in the County of Dumfries, and converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money. £ioth "June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the jR Geo. j. c.j,. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for re.

pairing and widening several Roads, in the County of Dumfries, to continue in Force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliment j and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County, certain Trustees were appointed for making and repairing the High Road, leading from Grateney by Lockerbie to Moffat, and thence to the Confines of the County of Dumfries, with the Counties of Peebles and Lanark, and the High Road from Dumfries by Lochmaben to Moffat, and the High Road from Annan by Dumbretton, Kirktlebridge, Springkell, Auchenbedrig and Irving, to Crannellpath-foot, in the Road becween Longtown and Lang, holm; and a Branch of Road to leave the lait mentioned Road at Barngliefh-head, by Tomfbiclbourn, to the Coal Pits, near Gillnockie Bridge, belonging to His Grace the Duke of Buccleugh-, and another Branch of Road to leave the said Road from Annan to Langholm, at the Farm Houses of Burnfoot of Springkell, to pass through the Lands of Burn-foot, Blackwood Hottfe, Neuk, Brownmuir, Luce, across the River Annan, between Brydekirk and Dalebank, and through the Estates of Brydekirk Limekilns, Breckonwhat and Kelhead, till it joins the Turnpike Road from Dumfries to Annan, East of the Limeltone Quarry of Kelhead;

\_Lvc. y Per.] 365 and

3290

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within 41 Geo. 3. the said County: And by another Act passed in the Forty-first Year of C-S9- the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for refraining and

iwidening ibe' Reads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateney by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the confines of the county of Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties af Dumfries and Kircudbright, certain Trustees were appointed for making apd repairing the said Roads; and al so a Branch of Road leading offc.'ie said-Road from Grateney by Annan, Dumfries and Sanquhar, to Ayrshire, at the East End of the Town of Annan, through Annan Common and Stapleton, by the Bridge over the Water of Kirktle at Beltenmont, or by a new Bridge to be built over the Water of Kirktle, and to join the Turnpike Road from Grateney to Moffat-, anocher Branch of Road to strike off the fame Great Road to the East of the Village of Dornoch, by Woodhall and Stapleton, through Annan Common, to join the Road from Annan to Langholm another Branch to strike off the fame Road from Thornhill by Penpont and Minyhive, to the Confines of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; another Branch to strike off the fame Great Road to the Weft of Carron Bridge, and from thence to the Confines of the County of Lanark towards Elvanfoct -, and another Branch to strike off the fame Great Road at Mennock Toll Bar, by Wanlockhead, to the Confines of the County of Lanark-. And whereas great Progress has since been made in making and repairing the said Roads, and Branches leading from the same, except the said Branch to strike off the great Road last mentioned, to the Weft of Carron Bridge, and from thence to the Confines of the County of Lanark towards Elvanfoot, which was abandoned, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose, and are still owing upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts; but the said Roads and Branches cannot be kept in Repair, nor can the other Parish or Bye Roads in the County be made and repaired, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be continued and enlarged, and all the said Roads put under one Trust; and it would be of great Advantage to the Public, if the Lines of Road aftermentioned, branching off the Great Lines of Road above specified, were also included in the same Act, and Power given for making and repairing the fame under proper Regulations; and if the Statute Labour within the said County, were converted into Money, to be levied and applied in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, Geo3rC* That may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Ex-tepealed° 3’ cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that the said two recited Acts shall, from and after the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, be, and the lame are hereby repealed, and that from thenceforth this Act, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall commence and take effect, and be executed, and the same shall continue, for and during the Term herein after-mentioned, for levying the Tolls, for making and repairing the several Roads herein described, and in all Time coming, so far as rel'pests the other Matters herein contained.

Money now

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum or Sums of ef0;d c^‘t Money, which are now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, or

cither

49° GEORGII Iir. Cap. t6o.

either of them, together with Interestfor the fame, shall be charged and chargeable on the Tolls granted by this Act* and may be recovered in like Manner, as if the fame had been contrafted on the Creditof this Act, or secured on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person who is at present, or who shall be at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the afttial Possession and Enmyment, as Proprietor or Liferenter of Lands lying in the County of Dumfries, valued in the Tax Roll of the said County, at One hundred Pounds Scots, or upwards, or in their Abfer.ce, a Factor on their Estate in the said County for tire Time being, and tl! and every the elded Sons of such Proprietors and Liferenters, and the Provosts of the 'Royal Burghs of Dumfries, Annan, Lochmaben, and Sanquhar for the Time being, or in their AbsenCe, the next Senior Magistrate for the Time being, of the said Royal Burghs within the said County, and 'William Keir, in Miln-bolm, Matter of Woods and Works onrhe Estate of his Grace the Duke of Bucdeugh, and his Successors in that Office for the Time being, the Lessees of the Mines of Wankckhead for the Time being, and Gilbert TouMg of Youngfeld, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustres for surveying, making, repairing, ordering, and keeping in Repair the several Roads hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, the said Road from Grateney by Lockerbie to Moffat, and thence to the Confines of the County of Dumfries, with the Counties of Peebles and Lanark-, a Branch of Road leading therefrom, at or near Stenriefnll or Kilfbrodk, in the Parish of IVamphray, to go by Nether Boreland, Paddockhole, Debate, Dunnabie, Linnbridgeford, Conhefs, Chapelhill, Highmuir and Snah; and also a Branch of Road to strike off the fame Road at or near tJoddom Church by Hodden Town, Pellethill, the Bridge over Annan, leaving the Farm of Bogues to the Eastward by Clayhouses and Beckhead, to the Lime Quarries of Kel-head-, which said several Roads shall be called the first District of the Roads by this Act directed to be made or repaired; the said Road from Dumfries by Lochmaben to Moffat, and a Road from Lochmaben by the Bridges over Kinnel and Annan, to the Village of Lockerbie, from thence by the New Bridge over the Water of Milk to Dunnabiehafs, and from thence by Setthorns, Callifterhall, Bigholms, and Bloughburrifoot, to the Village of Langholm; which Laid Roads shall be called the Second District of the Roads by this Act directed to be made or repaired; the said Road from Annan to Cranndlpathfoot, in the Road between Longtown and Lamghelm, but with Power to alter and vary Part of the Line of that Road, by leaving the said Turnpike Road from Longtoivn to Langholm, at or near Irvingburn-bridge, from thence through the Lands of Kerr, Barngliejh, Berkleys, Brantath, the Parks of Springkell, and Part of the Lands of Alderbeck, and the Branch of Road therefrom at Barngliefh-head to the Coal Pits near Gillnockie-bridge; and the other Branch therefrom at the Farm Houses of Burrfoct of Sprtngkell, towards the Limestone Quarry of Kdhead -, which said Roads shall be called the Third District of the Roads by this Act directed to be made or repaired; the said Road from Dumfries by Ae-bridge to Moffat, which shall be called the Fourth District of the Roads by this Act directed to be made or repaired; and the said Road from Grateney by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, with the several Branches of Road therefrom hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, the said Branch of Road leading from the East End of the Town of Annan, through Annan Common

3291

to be chargeable on Tolls hereby grant-

Trudeej.

Fitil District.

Second District.

Third District.

Fourth District.

Fifth District.

3292

49# GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

mm and Stapleton, by the Bridge over the Water of Kirktle at Eeltenment, or by a New Bridge to be built over the Water of Kirktle, and toj jin the Turnpike Road from Grateney to Moffat; another Branch of Road to strike off to the East of the Village of Dornock by Woodhall and Stapleton, through Annan Common to join the Road from Annan to Langholm -, another Branch of Road from ’Thornhill by Penpont and Mitiyhive to the Confines of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; another Branch of Road to strike off the fame Road at Mennock Toll Bar, by Wanlockhead, to the Confines of the County of Lanark-, also a new Branch of Road, to strike of the fame Road from Grateney by Annan, Dumfries and Sanquhar, at or near Auld-girth-bridge by Throughgate-foot to the Water of Cairn, and from thence through the Lands of Speddoch to the Confines of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright at Marglolly; also a Branch of Road to strike oft the said Great Road between Brownbill and Carron Bridge, to the Lime Works of Chfeburn by Loch Etterick, till it joins the said Road from Dumfries to Moffat, between Parkgate and the South End of the Bridge ot Ae-, also a Branch of Road to strike of the said Great Road between Thornhill and Halftone, to run through the Estate of Queenjlerry, by the best Direction, to the Confines of the County of Lanark towards Elvanfoot -, and also a Branch of Road from Minyhive by Craigdarroch, to the Confines of the Stewartry of Kirkeudbright, leading to the County of Ayr -, which said several Roads last mentioned, shall be called the Fifth Dillrid of Roads by this Act directed to be made or repaired; and for repairing the Bridges on the said several Roads, or creding new ones where the same shall be necessary, and for levying and applying the Conversion of Statute Labour within the said County of Dumfries, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, and for pu.ting in Execution all the other Powers in and by this Act given and granted.

Trustees for

IV. And be it enacted, That as to all Matters occurring to be exe-Royal cuted within the Limits of any Royal Borough, or Burgh of Barony, in

Burghs. pursuance of this Act, the whole Magistrates, Dean, and Treasurer of such Borough or Burgh, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees jointly with the other Trustees before mentioned.

, V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person other than such

Oijparticular Proprietors and Life Renters, or their eldest Sons as aforesaid, shall be Trustees. capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner of Supply for the said County of Dumfries, or unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands or Heritages of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds per Annum, or be poftlfled of, and entitled to a personal Estate alone, or real and personal Estate together, of the value of Five hundred Pounds j nor shall any such last mentioned Person, not being qualified to be a Commissioner of Supply, be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same; that is to say,

c| do swear, that I truly and bond fide am, in my

* A own Right, (or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be), 4 in the actual Possession or Enjoyment of Lands or Heritages of the

* clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed or entitled to a personal

3293

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

• fonal Estate alone, or Real or Personal Estate together of the Amount

* or Value of Five hundred Pounds.

'So help me GOD’.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person not qua- Penalty do lified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee un- »et>"g as a der this Act, every such Person shall for every such acting forfeit and ^"qualified, pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling, over and above the Expence of Prosecution; which Penalty shall be recovered by Complaint

in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said County, before the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute of the County, or his Substitute, and shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Clerk or Treasurer; and in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant.

VII. And whereas Maps or Plans, describing the Lines of the said new For reftram-

Roads, and the Lands through which the fame lead, together with 'from'de-Books of Reference, containing Lids of the Names of the Owners and viating be. Occupiers of such Lands have been deposited at the O.fice of the Clerk yond acercain of the Peace for the County of Dumfries -, be it therefore enacted, That Diitance from the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference, shall remain in the the

Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End, that pi*

all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and pe-ruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extrafls thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the said Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said Roads shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Line described in the said Maps or Plans, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

VIII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Roads into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is, or are, or may be Owner or Owners of Land, over which the fame is fee out and described in the said Maps or Plans as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Books of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Three or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Dumfries, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

Trustees miy make Roadi through Grounds, although the Owners’ Names are not in the Books of Reference.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be bound to uphold Trustees to and keep in suitable Repair, out of the Tolls hereby granted and made repair both payable both the old and new Lines of Road leading Irom the Burgh of Dumfries to the Burgh cf Annan ■, and in case the said Trullets shall at a between* * General Annual Meeting afiemb'ed, determine to repair and keep in Dumfries and thorough good Order and Repair, that Parc oi the said Road leading Annan, from the Town of Dumfries by Ac bridge to Moffat, lying between the said [£«. (A PerJ\ 36 T Town

3294

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 So.

Town of Dumfries and Amisfield Burn, from the Conversion Money In lieu of Statute Labour, to be levied within the Parish of Dumfries, no Turnpike-Bar shall be erected thereon nearer to the said Town of Dumfries than the North-east End of the Bridge over the Water of Lochar.

Purpose* of this Act.

Power to take x. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall Ground "re^ ^e for Trustees, and any Person or Persons authorized by

rnove Houses, them, to mark our, and occupy, and take Possedion of such Part of the tec. for the Lands or Grounds in the said Lines of Direction of any of the said several Roads as shall be necessary for the Scite thereof, and also for the Scite of any Bridge or Bridges thereon, and for the Toll-houses and Turnpikes to be erected on the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof; and for Gardens adjacent to fur.h Toll-houses, not exceeding in the whole One Rood Scots Statute Measure, for each such Toll-house, and Garden; and the said Trustees, and any Person or Persons authorized by them, are hereby empowered to take down and remove any Houses or Buildings which shall be in the said Lines of Direction, or lb near thereto as to interfere with the making of such Roads, or with the building of such Bridges, the Side-Walls of which shall not exceed Twelve Feet in Height, giving to the Occupiers thereof Notice to remove therefrom, and paying such Price or Sum of Money for the Lands and Houses which shall be so occupied and taken PoirdTion of, pulled down and removed; and also for any Loss or Damage which may arise to the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees and such Owners and Occupiers respectively 5 and in case any Difference shall arise re-spedting the fame between the said Trustees and any such Owners or Occupiers as aforesaid, the Compensation Price or Sum to be paid for any such Lands or Houses, or for any Damage to be done as aforesaid, shall be settled and determined by a Jury in the Manner hereinafter ex-p re fled.

Trustees may errft Turr.ptkei and take Tolls.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at the First or any other of their General or District Meetings assembled, to direct and authorize the Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes presently on or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads to be continued; and also to credl, or cause to be erected a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes on, or across any other Part or Parts of the Roads hereby directed 10 be made or repaired; and also to erect or build such Number of Toll-houses at or near such Gates or Turnpikes as they shall think fit, (there being always the D'stance of Six Miles at least from One Gate to another on the fame Line of Road, unless One of them be necessary as a Pals-Bar to the other): And provided always, That no Gate or Turnpike shall be ere died within the Royalty of any Burgh, except under the Direction of the Trustees assembled in a special Meeting to be called for that Purpose by Advertisement in the Dumfries Journal: And provided also. That no Turnpike shall be erected or Tolls levied upon any Part of the said Roads lying within the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, except with Consent of a General Meeting of the Trustees appointed by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amending an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highwayst Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry, for that Purpose tirll

had

3295

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

had and obtained: And provided also. That no higher Rate of Toll shall be taken at any One Gate or Turnpike than at another on the fame Road and it shall be lawful for the Trustees appointed determined by this Act, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, and they are hereby empowered to demand, levy, and take the Tolls and Duties following at the said several Gates or Turnpikes erected, or to be erected, by them upon the said respective Roads before any Coach or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through the fame j (that is to say,)

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Chaise, Hearse, Calash, TolLt Sociable, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; drawn by Five Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; drawn by Three Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or ocher Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling:

For every Chaise, Gig, Chair, Curricle, or other like Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling:

For every Carriage, commonly called a Taxed Cart, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other like Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, che Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling, and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum ot Fourpence Sterling; for every Horse, Marc, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, with or without a Rider, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, Ades, Horses, or Fillies unfhod, the Sum of Eight-pence, per Score, and loin Proportion for any greater or lefsNumber:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling, per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

And which several Tolls and Duties aforesaid shall be accordingly levied and taken at the Gates or Turnpikes now in or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, from and after the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine.

XII. Provided always, That every Carriage drawn on Wheels of the Exemption Breadth of Nine Inches in the Tread or Feliics, and the hind Wheels ^rrhbr,oai rolling in a different l'raft from the fore Wheels, shall pass through all Whee*' the Gates or Turnpikes already erected, or to be erected by virtue of

this

3296

4.90 GGEORGII III. Cap. 160.

this Act, on Payment of One Half of the Tolls or Duties before specified.

Tolls red; d

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be raised and col-ui Trufiecj. ]c£ied upon the said several Roads as aforesaid, shall, and the larne are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trullees, and the lame, and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and assigned to and for the several Uses and Purposes by this Act directed, and to no other Purpose whatsoever (the reasonable Charges expended, or that shall be paid in, or about, or by reason of passing this Act being first deducted and paid in Manner hereinafter-mentioned); and ic shall and may be lawful for the said Trullees, or such Person or Persons as they at a General cr District Meeting assembled shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, to demand and take the respective Tolls or Duties hereinbefore granted and made payable; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, the said 1 rultees are hereby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint for that Purpose, to levy the said Tolls or Duties by Distress of any Horse or Horles, or other Cutle or Carriages upon which such Tolls or Duties are by this Act imposed, and to keep such Cattle or Carriages so distrained until the said Tolls and Duties, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; but in case the same shall not be paid within toe Space of Four Days after such Distrefi shall be made and taken, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the said Space of Four Days, to appraise and fell the Cattle or Carriage so distrained by public Roup at the Turnpike or Toll-house where the Toll ought to have been paid, returning the Overplus on Demand, if any be, to the Proprietors of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, after deducting such Tolls or Duties, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, appraising, keeping, and felling the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall andmay be lawfulto and for the said Trustees to erect, or cause to be erected One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes on the Side or Sides of the said Roads hereby directed or intended to be made or repaired, and across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame; and also a Toll-house or Toll-houses at each such Gate or Turnpike, and there to take and receive such Tolls and Duties as are by this Act granted and made payable, before any Person shall be permitted to pass through such Side-Gates, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Side-Gate, shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pass through the next Gate or Turnpike on or across the Road on which such Side-G ite is erected Toll free, (provided the fame be within Six Miles of such Side-Gate,) on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at N ight to T wclve of the Clock in the succeeding Night; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to build Fences, and suppress any Bye-Roads that do noc appear to be of Importance to the Public, or to Individuals, in order to prevent any Person or Persons travelling the Roads, hereby directed to be made or repaired, from avoiding the Payment Of any Tolls or Duties granted by this Act: Provided always, chat if any Side-Gate shall, after Two Years’Trial, be found not to produce more than Five Pounds Sterling yearly, over and above the Expence of collecting the fame, that then, and in that Cafe, Inch

Side-Gate

Trullees may erect Side-Gates.

3 297

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

Side-Gate shall be removed or discontinued: And provided that no Person shall be subject to the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted for or on account of eroding any Part of the said Roads, who shall not have travelled, or have to travel thereon more than Two hundred Yards; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to apply such Sum or Sums of Money, as they may think equitable, from the Rents or Toll Duties levied at the said Side-Bars, towards keeping in Repair the Roads on which such Side-Bars are erected.

XV. And be itfurcherenacled, That the Produce of the Tolls or Duties Application arising within each Distritft of the said Roads, shall be applied by the said of Tolls.

Trustees (after deducting the Charges of Management, and a proportional

Part of the Expence of obtaining this Act) towards making, amending, repairing, and upholding the Roads within, the particular District where such Tolls or Duties shall respectively be collected, or to the repairing and building new Bridges thereupon, where the same shall be found necessary, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Turnpikes Ground requifue for the Scite of the said Roads and Bridges, and of all teftedin and every of the Gates or Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Fences already Trustees. erected, or which shall be erected and built upon or across the said Roads,

or the Sides thereof, by virtue of this Act, and the Materials of such Roads, Bridges, Gates or Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Fences, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to dispose thereof as they shall think proper, and to bring Actions, or prefer Bills of Indictment in their Names, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treassurers for the Time being, against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take away, break down, destroy, damage, or spoil such Gates, Turnpikes, Toil Houses, or Fences, or the Materials thereof, or any of them, or disturb them, the said Trustees, in the Possession thereof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it e nailed, That the said Trustees, at any of Trustees nuy their Generalor District Meetings, may, and they are hereby authorized and (efTcn the empowered from Time to Time to order and direct the Tolls or Duties Tolls-hereby granted and made payable to be Colltfted, received, and taken, in

such Parts and Portions, under the Restrictions hereinbefore mentioned, and also to lefien and reduce the fame from Time to Time as they shall think fit, and also from Time to Time to raise the said Tolls or Duties again, so as not to exceed the Tolls or Duties hereinbefore granted; blit no such Reduction or Increase shall take place unless public Notice thereof be given by Advertisement Two several Days in one of the Edinburgh Newspapers, and in the Dumfries Weekly Journal, Thirty Days before such General or District Meeting: Provided also, that until the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, or this Act, shall be paid off, such Tolls shall not be lessened or reduced without the Confenc of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixths of the Money remaining due on the Credit of the said Tolls.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no PersonorPer- Tolls to be fons having paid the Tolls or Duties hereinbefore granted, or lessened, paid but one* cr reduced as aforesaid, at any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, shall on the a Day*

£Loc. & Per.] 36 U , fame

3298

Unlefsreturn-ing «ith a new Loading.

Exemptions from Tolls.

49 0 GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

fame Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) be subjeift or liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties again at the fame Gate or Turnpike, for the fame Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calafla, Sociable. Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by the lime Horses or other Bealls of Draught, or for the fame Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Als, or any other Sort of Cattle for which fitch Tolls or Duties shall have been paid: Provided nevertheless, that Stage Coaches, Diligences, Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other like Carriages, and all Plorfes and other Bealls of Burthen passing or returning on the same Day with a new Loading, shall be subject to the Payment of the Tolls or Duties each Time of passing or returning through any of the Gates or Turnpikes with such new Loading excepting Carriages laden with Lime, or Marie, or other Manure, which shall pay once a Day only.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with any of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid, for parting through any of the Turnpikes or Gates already erected, or to be erected by virtue of this Act, who shall not travel above Two hundred Yards on the said Roads, nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken at any of such Turnpikes or Gates, for any Carriages going unladen, for, or carrying, or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying Stone, Brick, Lime, Wood, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Highways, or any of the Bridges, erected, or to be erected thereon, or any other Roads or Bridges within the said County, or any of the causeways within or belonging to the fame, nor for any Carts, Waggons, Wains, or Horses, or other Beads of Burden, belonging to, or used by any Occupier or Occupiers of Land, which shall or may be padrng from one Part to another of the fame Farm, or carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying any Dung, Mould, Comport, or other Manure, to be laid upon any Fields, or Lands, of any such Occupier or Occupiers of Fields, or burrow Roods, on which no Offices or Barn-yards are erected fortheUfeof the said Fields or Lands, or carrying any Corn in the Straw, Hay, or Grass, being the Produce of the said Fields, or Roods, to the Place where the said Corn in the Straw, Hay or Grass is usually kept, or used, by the said Occupier or Occupiers, without prejudice, nevertheless, to the said Tolls or Duties being paid, for the said several Commodities, when carried for Sale, or after being fold;nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, nor for any Carts, Waggons, Wains, Horses, or other Beads of Burden, going empty for Coal, or Lime, but only upon their returning with a Loading, nor from any Person or Persons who shall pals through the said Turnpikes, in going to or returning from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, within the Parishes where they severally live, on Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor for Persons who shall pass the said Turnpikes in attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall be buried in the Parishes where they shall respectively die, nor from any Clergyman going to perform, or returning from his Duty, at any Church or Chapel, or to or from vifuing his sick Purilhioners, nor for Horses or other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or to or from being ffioed, within the Parish where the Toll-Bar is fnuated; nor for any Horses or Carriages loaded with

Peat

3 299

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

Peat or Turf for Fuel, or Horses or Carriages carrying the Produce of Lands to or from Mills to which they are aftridted; nor fur any Horses, or Carriages, of whatever Description. employed, or to be employed, in carrying the Mails of Letters, or Exprcffcs, under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll-Mailer General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails, or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers who are upon their March, or on Duty, or the Carriages attending upon them, or carrying any lick, wounded, or disabled Officers, or Soldiers, nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse, or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores, of, or belonging to His Majesty, or for the UfeofHis Majesty's Forces 5 nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with Vagrants, sent with legal Passes; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to, or returning from, the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise: Provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid: And if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the

Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or Store*, causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Care, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces,shallbesubjed to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be (topped or detained by reasonofany Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, owning, penalty 0B renting, or occupying any Lands or other Premises, shall knowingly and persons per. willingly permit, and suffer any Person or Persons to pass over the fame, mining a pri. or through any Gate, Passage, or Way, with any Coach, Chariot, vats Landau, Berlin, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage,

Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, or any other Carriage or Cattle, or shall open a new Road whereby the Payment of the Tolls or Duties by this Act granted shall be avoided, every Person so offending, shall and the Person or Persons riding in, driving or owning such Coach, Chariot,

Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calalh, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, or Cattle, or riding, leading, or driving such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs,

33co

Penalty for evading the Tolls,

Penalty cn Collectors or other Perfom difpcfing of Tickets.

Penalty (or assaulting Collectors, or forcibly pairing through any Gates.

Punishing Gate-Keepers failing in their Duty.

Troftees may compound with Travellers.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i6e.

shall for evcrv such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall rake off, or carafe to be taken off any Horse or Horses of ether Beasts of Draught from any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau; Chaifc, Calash, Chair or Hearse, or from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, at or before the lame shall come to any of tfie said Gates or Turnpikes, with intent to avoid paying all or any Part of i5ie said Tolls or Duties hereby granted, each and every Person fb offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling. ,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of the said Tolls shall fell or fraudulently dispose of any Notes or Tickets to any Person or Persons, or if any Person having a Note or Ticket signifying the Payment of any of the said Tolls or Duties shall give, or dispose of such Note or Ticket to any other Person, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls or Duties, or any Part thereof, every such Collector or other Person so felling, giving or disposing of such Notes or Tickets, and the Person receiving the fame, shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall assault any Collector of the said Tolls or Duties, or by Force pass through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes without paying the Tolls or Duties, which such Person ought to pay, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

XXV. And be it enacted.That if any of the Keepers or Tacksmen of the Turnpike Gates, erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall fail in the due Performance of their Duty, or shall neglect to give conffant Attendance at all Hours, and a free and ready Paffige to all Persons and Carriages on Payment offered of the Toll, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees at aGeneral or Diftrift Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby empowered, as they shall see convenient or fit, to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwise, with any Person or Persons using to travel through the Turnpikes, and living within Three Miles of his next Toll-Bar only, with any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Chair, Waggon, Wa n, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mule, or any other Bead of Draughr,' for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid quarterly, per Advance, after such Agreement is made, and that Copies of all such Compositions or Agreements so to be made by the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall be entered at length in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the respective Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer, or Treasurers; which said Book or Books shall and may be seen and pmifed by any Person or Persons whomsoever, at all reasonable Times, without paying any Fee or Reward-and in case any such Compcfition-Muney shall not be paid within Fifteen

Dajs

33or

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

©ays next after the same shall become payable according to such Agreement; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Dumfries, by Warrant under their Hands, to empower the Person or Persons authorized by the said Trustees to rccdvefuch Composition-Money (Oath having been first made before such Just ices, and which they are hereby required to administer, that the fame has been demanded and remains unpaid) to levy such Compofi-•tion Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Ptrl'on •or Persons having so compounded, returning the Overplus (if any be), on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall andmay be lawful to and "ay be for the said Trustees to let the said Tolls or Duties, in whole or by Par- ct'

eels, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by Way of public Roup, for the best Rent that can be got for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall give such sufficient Security for the Payment of such Rent as shall be approved of by the said Trustees; provided that no Lease of such Tolls or Duties be made for any longer Term than One Year at any one Time, unless authorized by a General or District Meeting to let the lame, for Three Tears atone Time, and no longer.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and For appoint-may, from Time to Time, continue, chuse and appoint One or more fie ing Person or Persons to be'Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid, and such other Officer or Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary; and also One or more fit Person or Persons to be Overseer or Overseers, Surveyor or Purveyors of the said Roads, to view the Condition of the said Roads, and to fee that the same are properly repaired; and also chat the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act is duly applied; and the said Trustees shall, from Time to Time, remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Over-seers or Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them, and appoint new ones, as they shall see Occasion; and all Persons hereby made liable to pay the said Tolls, or Duties, shall pay the same to such C°Hector or Collectors, as shall from Time to Time be appointed to receive the same; and the Person or Persons so appointed to collect and receive the said Tolls or Duties as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Dumfries, on the First Wednesday of every Month, or oftener, if required, during the Continuance of this Act, give in to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, a true, exact, and perfect Account, in Writing, under their respective Hands, with the Vouchers thereof, of all Monies which he, she, or they shall to such Time have received, paid and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices; and in case any Money so received shall remain in his, her, or their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case such Collector or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons concerned in the Collection or Receipt of the said Tolls or Duties, shall not give in and make such Account anti Payment when there unto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or tin re of them, then any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Dumfries shall and may make Enquiry of and concerning such Default as aforesaid, in a summary Way, as well by Conftfiion of

IL c. & Per.] 36 X the

3302

49° GEORG IT III. Cap 160.

the Parties themselvesas determined by the Testimonyof One or more credible Wifr-ness or Witnesses, upon Oath, which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer,- and if any Person or Persons shall be th-reof convicted by such Justices, they shall, upon Conviction, either issue their Warrant for Did refs and Sale of the Goods of the Defaulter^, in a fom-mary Manner, by appraising them at the Spot where found, r miy commit the Party or Parties to the Common Goal of the said County of Dumfries, therein to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Months in the whole, ur.less he, she, or they shall have sooner made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall have compounded and agreed for the fame with the said Trustees, and have paid such Composition to their Treasurer or Treasurers, which Composition the said Trustees, at any Meeting assembled in purfitance of this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and receive.

And allow nr

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, tflem a amj. out of t[ie Money arifng from the said Tolls or Duties, make such Allowance to their Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Overseer or Overseers, Surveyor or Surveyor^, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, for and in Consideration of his or their Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of his or their respe,£tive Office or Offices, and also to such other Person or Perlbos as shall be aftffting in and about procuring the said' Roads to be amended and repaired as the said Trustees shall think proper; and the said Trustees are hereby rrquired to take such Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

uke^Mat^

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person rials. or Persons as they shall appoint, may dig, gather, quarry, take and carry

away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, or such other like Materials, for the making, amending, and repairing of the said Roads, and for building Arches arid Bridges, or repairing the same as aforesaid, out of any Grounds where the fame may be found, whether the fame be within the said County of Dumfries,os in any other County adjoining thereto, (such Materials or Scones not having been dug, quarried, or raised for the Private Ule of the Proprietor of such Grounds,) and to open Acer fits for carrying off the said Materials and Stones, such Accedes and the Places from whence the said Materials and Stones shall be proposed to be taken being fi ft marked out by any Two or more of the Trustees, after Notice in Writing given by them, or by some Person by their Order to the Proprietor of such Grounds, or his or her Tactor, and to the Occupier thereof Two Weeks previous to marking out the fame, the said Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction, if de-O* paying manded, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds respectively, Jamage>. scorn which the Materials or StorteS shall be taken, or over which the fame may be carried, for the Damages to be done thereby, and for the Value of such Maierials or Stones; but if such Proprietor, Factor, or Occupier shall not be facisfied with the Compensation offered by the said Trustees, the same shall be ascercatned by a Jury, upon Application to be for that Purpose made to the Sheriff Depute, or h;s Sublticuce, as hereinafter mentioned; but such Applications shall not prevent the said Trustees from causing the said Materials to be carried off and used in

the

33°3

4.9* GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

the mean Time; and it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees to cause to be made such causeways, Dykes, Drains, Ditches, Embankments, and Aquedutfts, or Water Courses, as may be found to be necessary upon, or through any adjacent Grounds, for the Preservation of the Roads and Bridges across the fame, by this Act directed to be made or repaired. Notice being given, and Damages to be ascertained and allowed by a Jury, to the Owners and Occupiers of the Grounds through which such causeways, Drains, Dykes, Ditches, Embankments, and Aqueducts, or Water Courses, are carried in Manner aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to order and direct such Drains, Ditches, and Passages, for Water to be kept clear, and such causeways, Dykes, and Aquedufb, to be repaired; for which Purposes it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and the Persons employed by them, to go upon loch adjacent Grounds, where it may be necessary; the said Trustees making reasonable Compenfition, if required, to the Owners or Occupiers of such adjacent Ground, for the Damage done thereby, such Compensation (in cale any Difference shall arise respecting the fame) to be settled and determined by any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Dumfries.

XXXI. Provided neverthelrfs, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Notice to be •be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, undrrthe Audio- g'vfn to Oc-rity of this Act, to dig, gather, quarry, take, and carry away Materials for afore

making and repairing the said Roads, from any inclosed Land or Ground, Materials are until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the taken for Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left mjking an<1 for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the *

said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace, acting for the County, to shew Caule why such Materials should notbe had from such Lands or.Grounds; and in cate such Occupier shall attend, pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Persons, to dig,-gather, quarry, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times, as to lu'ch Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper i and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himselj, or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such J.uftiqcs, shall and may make such Order therein, as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if■ such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

* i% * ix fd ,4'j. rf

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trortre« m>y for the said Trustees, to make oreredt Bridges or Arches of Brick, Tim- make Cause-ber, or Scond, 'upon'the fiid Roads'; and where any Part of the said Roads f,lns,

are not of a filffici^nt Breadth, according to the Rate and Standard efta-bHshed 'mSibtlakd\\o widen andextend tneBreadth of the said Roads to the and widen the legal ^Standard ;'and where it shall appear necessary to the said Trustees to alter the •Coufle or Situation of the said Roads, or any of them, or to widen the fame beyond the legal Standard, then the said Trustees shall, and thdy have hereby full Power tocakerthe Course or Situation of the said Roads, or any of them, or any Pari thereof, or to extend the same to such Breadth as they shall think proper, not exceeding Forty Feet, exclusive Co'in-'of the ,of Ditches, and for that Purpose to pull down any House, the fide Wails ° e

whereof

3P4

Tenalty on drstroying Turnpike

For e resting

Weighing-

Machines.

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

whereof are not more man Twelve Feet high, provided that by such Widening and Altering of the said Roads, the fame, or any Part thereof be not brought nearer than Two hundred Yards to the Mansion House, or ordinary Residence of the Proprietor of the Lands through which such Roads shall be made, nor pass through any Yard, Garden, or Orchard, of such Proprietor, nor through any Park, Planted Walk or Nursery for Trees; and the said Trustees shall pay such Damages to the Owners and Occupiers respectively, of any Lands, Grounds, or Houses, which Hull be prejudiced or damaged by altering and widening the said Roads, or any Part thereof, beyond the legal Standard, or by pulling down any House or Houses, on the Sides of the said Roads, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages, betwixt such Owners and Occupiers, and the said Trustees, then the same shall be afcextained by a Jury, in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall maliciously break down, pull up, or otherwise destroy, injure, or damage any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, or any Ports, Rails, Chains, Bjfi, or other Works, or any of the Toll-Houses to be erected in pursuance of this Acr; or shall refeue any Person being in Custody for any of the said Offences, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness-or Witnesses before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Dumfries, shall not only be condemned to pay the whole Damages and Expences sustained by the said Trustees, but also be imprisonea for Six Weeks, or pay a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, if they find it necessary, cause Weighing Engines to be erected upon such Parts of the said Roads as they shall think fit, for weighing all Carriages which shall pass along the said Roads; and in case any Carriage, drawn on Wheels of less Breadth than Nine Inches, shall be found to weigh more than Six thousand Pounds Weight, the Owner of every such Carriage shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Hundred Weight such Carriage shall weigh above Six thousand Pounds Weight; and it shall be lawful for the Collector of the said Tolls or Duties to receive and rake, over and above the usual Toll, tire said Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Hundred Weight; or in case any Carriage, drawn on Wheels of Nine Inches, or of a greater Breadth than Nine Inches, shall be found to weigh more than Twelve thousand Pounds Weight in Summer, or Ten thousand Pounds Weight in Winter, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the said Polls or Duties to receive and rake, over and above the ordinary Toll, the like Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Hundred Weight such Carriage shall weigh more than Twelve thousand Pounds Weight, or Ten thousand Pounds Weight respectively, before the fame respectively shall be permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike, and the fime shall be applied as the other Penalties are by this Act tliredted to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct the Weighing of any such Carriage as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160. 3305

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Drag Iron or other Drag Irons to Instrument shall be affixed under the Bottom or Sole of the Wheel or Wheels he of the lame of any Waggon or other Carriage passing along the said Roads, to make f^e Weeds'* the Passage of such Waggon or Carriage more safe down deep Hills, every such Drag Iron or other Instrument shall be flat at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and shall not be of less Breadth than the Fellies of the Wheels under which the same shall be affixed, on Pain of the Owner of every such Waggorr or other Carriage forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for evtry such Offence.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, Thatifany Personor Persons shall haul Penalty o« or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads

any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or other Thing whatsoever, stones except otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Tree or Piece on Wheel of Timber, or Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, which shall be conveyed Carriage*, upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, every such Person shall For every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXXVII. Andbeitfurther enactedjiThatitshallandmay be lawful for the Appointing Justices of the Peace for the County of Dumfries, at any or either of their J*1er^" * General Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the said County, to ap- j^oaejs. point One or more fit Person or Persons to survey or view the said Roads, and to enquire of and concerning the Application of the Monies to be collected, levied, or raised in pursuance of this Act; and in case such Person or Persons so appointed shall find unv Misapplication of such Monies, or any other Abuses of the Powers and Authorities hereby given, such Person or Persons shall thereupon certify the same to the said Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and required to hear, examine into, and determine the fame; and all such Sum or Sums of Money or other Satisfaction which the said Justices at any Quarter Sessions to be holden as aforesaid, or the major Part of them then present shall think fit to order and direct to be paid, shall, by the Person or Persons guilty of such Misapplication, or of committing any such Abuses, be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, to the said Trustees within Ten Days after such Determination of the said Justices, and Demand thereof made; and in Default of such Payment, it'shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, at their then next General Quarter Sessions, or the major Parc of them then present, by their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chaccels of the Offender, returning the Overplus (if any be), after Deduction of all such Sum or Sums of Money which ought to be paid as aforesaid, and also the Charges of such Distress and Sale to the Person or Persons so neglecting to make such Payment or Satisfaction as aforesaid; and for want of sufficient Distress to commit the Person or Persons to the common Goal of the said County,’there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Weeks, unless Payjnent or Satisfaction shall be sooner made.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees may and for such of the said Trustees as are, or shall be in the Commission of aft as Juf- ‘ the Peace for the said County of Dumfries, to act as Justices of the Peace in all such Cases, Matters, or Things, as shall be necessary for the more speedy and effectual putting in Execution the several Authorities [Lot. ft? Per.] 36 X and

T’l ft. es not

tu iioW Places of Profit un-cer tue Act.

N 'T Victual-lers.

Troftces may

borrow

Money,

As Creditors are pai I off, Trustees may borrow more Money.

49° GEORGII Til. Cap. 160.

and Powers in this Aid ment-oned and contained, except in such Case® only where they arc personally interested.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, Thatifanyof the tai L rultees Ihill accept any PlaceofProfit undtr this Act, such Person or Persons shall be incapable of aft ing as a Trustee or Trustees, from the Time of accepting, and during the Enjoyment of such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

XL. And be it enacted, That no Viftu Her or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of acting as aTrustee, or of holding any Place of Profit under this Act.

XLI. And for themore speedvandeffectual making and repairing theftid Roads, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at any of their General or District Meetings assembled, and they are hereby authoris'd and empowered, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole together with the Sums already borrowed under the said recited Acts, or either of them, the respective Sums following, (that is to say), the Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be collected upon the First District of the said Roads; the Sum of Three thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties, to be collected on the Second District of the said Roads; the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be collected upon the said Road from Annan to Irving Burn Bridge; the Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling, upon tht Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be collected upon the Branch of Road from Barngliefhhead to the Coal Pits near Gill-nockie Bridge; the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be collected upon the Branch of Road from the Farm Houses of Burnfoot of Springkell towards the Lime-stone Quarry of Kelhead; the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be collected upon the Fourth District of the said Roads; and the Sum of Ten thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be col-Icfted upon the Fifth District of the said Road; which respective Sums of Money lo to be borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied proportionally towards Payment of the Expence of obtaining this Act, and the Remainder of the said respective Sums of Money lo to be borrowed shall be applied towards mak ng and rtpauing the Roads, and in defraying all other Charges ami Expences attending the Execution of this Act, wiebin the particular Dutrift for whion such Monies shall be so respectively borrowed as aforesaid, and to no other Ule or Purpose whatsoever.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That ifat any Time the Principal M >nies borrowed or to be borrowed as aforesaid, or any Part thereof shall be paid oft, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, at any ot their General or District Meetings, to borrow again any Sum or Sums of Money in line Manner as aforesaid, so thattlie whole of the Money which shall be d ae and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls or Duties to be collected within each District, do not exceed at any one Tune the original bum herein-before auchonl’ed to be

borrowed

33°7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

•bornwed upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be collected within such District.

XLIII.And be it enacted.Thatthesaid Trusteesatanv GeneralorDiftrid Trust-eimay Meeting assembled may, and they are hereby empowered to assign and the

make over the whole, or any Part of the Tolls or Duties by this Act im- * posed and verted in them as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons from whom the Money shall be lo borrowed as aforesaid, as a Security for the Re-paymenc of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by him or them, together with Interest for the fame, and all such Alignments of the said Tolls or Duties, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; which said Book shall and may be seen and perused at all reasonable Times by any Person or Persons interested therein without Fee or Reward; and the Securities so to be granted by the said Trustees shall be transfrrrable by Indorsement, duly subscribed by the Party transferring in the Presence of Onc or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses: Provided always, That no Trustees or Trustee shall be held or adjudged to have rendered him-seif personally liable for the Repayment of any Money subscribed or aor-rowed, or the Interest thereof, by reason of having signed the Securities j which Securities are to be held and considered as granted upon the foie Credic and Security of the Tolls.

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall For giving be borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit of the said Toils or Duties, 1of

after their first General Meeting, unless Notice for that Purpose shall be borrowing published Twice in one of the Edinburgh Newspapers, at lead Fourteen Money. Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at anyofcheirGe- for measur-neralor District Meetings, may cause the said Roads, or any Part thereof, to ing the Road* be measured, and Stones or Polls to be erected on the Sides thereof, with 'retting Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Distance of each Mile, or such other Mlle-St0l’e* Distances as they shall judge convenient from Dumfries, or any other Town or Place; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, destroy, penalty on damage, pull down, or remove any such Stones or Pods, or obliterate or breaking and defaceany Letters or Figures that shall be made, inscribed, or put thereon, or shall break down the Capestones on the Ledges or Parapec Walls "'-M-ine* erected on the Sides of any of the Bridges on the said Roads, and shall be thereof convicted before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Dumfries, by the Oath or Confession of the Offender, or by the Oath of One or more Witnesses, every loch Person so offending Avail, besides making good the Damages, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for each Stone or Pod so wilfully destroyed, damaged, puiled down, removed, obliterited or defaced, and for every Capeftone so broken down from the Ledges of the said Parapec Wails, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other P;n*lties are by this Act directed to be levied and recovered; and all such Forfeitures shall be applied, one Moiety to thelmormer, and the ochei Moiety in repairing the said Roads.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees, at any of their Orders of General or District Meetings, shall determine any M tier, or appoint 1 'e‘

ar.d order any Thing to be done with respect to the amending and repair- ,re

ms

3$oS

General Meeiing for that Purpose.

First Meeiing under this Act, and the Places and Pay> of Annual Meeting.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

ing the said Roads, or levying the said Tolls or Duties, or otherwise concerning the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, it shall not be in the Power of any of the said Trustees, at any subsequent General or District Meeting, to alter, vary, or annul such Determination, or give any Orders contrary thereto, unless Notice of the Bufinefsfoto be brought forward at such General or District Meeting shall have been first given by an Advertisement to be twice published ih One of the Edinburgh Newspapers Thirty Days before such subsequent or General District Meeting.

XLVII. And be it [further enacted, That the said Trustees shall hold their first General Meeting under this Act within the New Court House of Dumfries, in the County aforesaid, on the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, or so soon thereafter as conveniently may be, which Meeting shall be convened by an Advertisement to be published in the Newspapers called the Edinburgh Evening Courant and Dumfries IVeekly Journal, by the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply (or the said County of Dumfries, Ten Days at lealt previous to the said Day of Meeting; and thereafter, the said Trustees shall hold Two General Meetings in every Year, that is to say, the one of such Meetings on the Day that is or shall be appointed for the Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply for imposing the Land Tax in every Year, within the said New Court House, or in such other Place as they the said Trhftees shall, at any such General Meeting, hereafter appoint for that purpose: And the other of such Meetings on the Day on which the Freeholders of the said County shall hold their Michaelmas Head Court in every Year, within the said Court House, or in such other Place, as aforesaid; and at such General Meetings the said Trustees. shall proceed to determine, order, and appoint all Matters and Things whatsoever, with respect to the making, furveving, repairing, and keeping in Repair all and singular the said Roads and Bridges, and to exercise and execute all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in them the said Trustees, under or by virtue of this Act; and the said Trustees, besides such General Meetings, shall also yearly, and every Year, hold the several District Meetings at the several Times and Places which are hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, at Annan on the Second Tuesday in the Month of May, and at Moffat on the First Friday of September for the first District of the said Roads; at Dumfries on the lait Friday in the Month of May, at Lockerby, aforesaid, on the first Thursday in the Month of September for the Second District of the said Roads; at Annan aforesaid on the Second Tuesday in the Month of May, and at Langholm on the First Wednesday in the Month of September for the Third District of the said Roads; and at Annan on the Second Tuesday in the Month of May, and at Dumfries on the First Thursday in September for the Fourth District of the said Roads; and at Annan aforesaid on the Second Tuesday in the Month of May, at Brownhill on the First Tuesday of June, at Dumfries on the First Thursday in September, and at Annan on the First Friday in September for the Fifth District of the said Roads; and at such District Meetings the said Trustees shall also proceed to exercise and execute all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in them under or by virtue of this Act, so far as relates to such respective Districts, and so far as the same shall not have been previously done or provided for at the aforesaid General Meetings; and any Five or more of the said Trustees, being prefenc at any such General or District

Meetings,

33°9

49° GEORGII III. Cap. *6o.

Meetings, shall be a Quorum, and competent to act in all the Business of such Meetings; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, at any of the General or District Meetings, to be held in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time to adjourn themselves to such Times and •Places as they shall think proper or convenient, and if it shall happen that Five or more of the said Trustees shall not appear at the first or any other General or District Meeting, then, and in such Case, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to be published in the Dumfries Weekly Journal, in case of General Meetings, or to be fixed on all the Gates or Turnpikes which shall be erected by virtue of this Act upon the Road within the District where such Meeting was to have been holden in Cases of District Meetings, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, shall appoint the said Trustees to meet at the House where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, or at some other convenient House or Place near the fame, on that Day Three Weeks, on which such last Meeting of the said Trustees was appointed to be held; and in Default or Failure of such Appointment by the Clerk or Clerks, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Trustees, upon Twenty Days’Notice, to be published Twice in the Dumfries Weekly Journal, or one of the Edingburgh Newspapers, to appoint the said Trustees to meet at such Times and Places as shall be expressed in such Notice: Provided always, that the said Trustees, at ,their first, and all their subsequent Meetings, whether General or District Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees. at a General Annual Meeting assembled, to vary or alter the Days and Places of their Annual Meetings) whether General Meetings or District Meetings, as they shall see proper ■, but no such Alteration shall take Place unless the fame has been proposed at one General Meeting, and has the Sanction and Approbation of a second General Meeting.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any of their General or District Meetings shall have Power to choose Commit-tres and Conveners from among themselves, to consist of such a Number as they may judge proper, to have the general Oversight and Direction of the said great Lines of Road, and the respective Branches leading therefrom above mentioned, and to grant such Powers not repugnant to the Laws of Scotland or this Act to these Committees as to such General or District Meetings may appear proper, such Committees always reporting their Proceedings to the First General or District Meeting of the Tiuitees, by whom they were chosen.

L. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That at the Two First Annual Itated General Meetings of the said Trustees, or either of such Meetings (the Purpose of the said Meeting being specially announced by public Advertisemeni in the Dumfries Weekly Journal Ten Days before the Tune of such Meeting), it shall be lawful for them to direct the Tolls arising at the Turnpike or Toll-bars erected or to be erected on the Lid Roads, to be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding of the aforesaid Roads, in luqn Manner as the said Trustees shall think fir, and as Coon as the lame shall br lo adjusted, the Clerk of the [Loc. 01 Per.] 36 Z said

Trustees may alter Places of Annual Meetings.

Power to choose Committees and Conveners ta oversee the Roads, &c.

Trustees may apportion the Produce of the Tolls.

33i°

To prevent Huifancei c be Roads.

Preventing Nuisances near the Road.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

said Trustees is hereby authorized and required to enter and record the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose: Provided always, that in all Time thereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees, or of any Number of them, to vary or alter the final Determination or Allocation so made, unless the same shall be proposed and agreed to atone General Annual Meeting, and approved of by another such General Annual Meeting, the Purpose of such respective Meetings being also specially announced by public Advertisement in the Dumfries Weekly Journal Ten Days before the Times of such Meetings respectively.

LI. And be it further enacted, That from and after Two Months from the Commencement of this Act, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall Jay or leave for any longer Time than (h ill be necessary till the fame can be removed, any dead Horse, or other Carrion, or but id any Wind Mills, or Kilns for burning Bricks upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Feet of the Centre of any of the said Roads, or lay any Timber, Goods, Dung, Lime, S til, or Compost, Cart, Carriage, or Matter whatsoever either for manuring Land, or for any other Purpose, upon any of the said Roa^s, or within Twenty Feet of the Centre of any Part of the Ltd Roads, or in the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan, or Lochmaben, or of the Villages of Springfield, Thornhill, Carron-Iridge, Penpont, Minyhive, or Kirkconnell, or any other Villages through which the said Great Roads, or Branches thereof pass, upon Pain of forfeiting lor every such Offence a Sum not txceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling: And further, that all Signs, Sign Pods, and other Obstructions that shall be found to occasion Inconvenience to Passengers, through the Streets, Lanes, or Passages of the said Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan, or Lochmaben, or of the Villages of Springfield, Thornhill, Carron-bridge, Penpont, Minyhive, or Kirkconnell, or other Villages aforesaid, shall be removed by the Owners thereof, or so altered as to remove any Cause of Complaint under the like Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Offence; which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered as any Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be applied One Moiety to the Person who shall inform of the fame, and the other Moiety towards repairing and widening the Roads within the District where such Offence shall be committed, reserving to the said Burgh of Dumfries and their Commissioners of Police, all the Rights and Privileges they already have within their Territory by any Act or Acts now in force and effect.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall build, make, or erect any Windmills or Kilns for burning of Bricks, or Lime, or any other Nuisance, within Twenty Yards from the Sides of any of the said Roads, whereby Danger or Detriment shall or may be occasioned to Persons travelling on the fame, or lay any Timber, Goods, Dung, Lime, Soil, or Compost, or Matter whatsoever, either for manuring or any other Purpose, within Five Yards of the Side of any of the said Roads, unless the fame be sufficiently fenced off from the Road; and if any Person or Persons shall build, make, or erect any such Windmills, Kilns, or other Nuisances as aforesaid, or lay any Timber, Goods, Dung, Lime, Soil, or Compost, or other Matter as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said

3311

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

said County of Dumfries to cause the same to be pulled down or removed by the Person or Persons building, making, erecting, or laying the same.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pading of this No House* to Act no Person or Persons within the said County shall be allowed to build bebuilt within any House or Houses, where there was no House before, within Twenty- CentrVof the five Feet from the Centre of any Public Road, excepting only on the Road narrow Streets within the Royal Burghs, with Consent of the Magistrates thereof, or the Villages of Ecclesechan, I.ockerbie, Moffatt, Langholm, or Minyhive, with Consent of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Trees shall in future be n0 Trees to planted within Twenty-five Feet of the Middle of any Public Road within be planted the said County, and where any Hedges or Trees are alongside any High 25 Road, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Three or more Centre o'f the of them, to cause such Hedges to be cut in the proper Season of the Year, Road, after Four Weeks’ Notice, at the Expence of the Owner of such Hedge, so that the Top thereof shall never be higher than Four Feet in perpendicular Height above the Level of the Center of such Road, and so that no Part thereof shall over-hang the Road; and to cause the Branches of any Trees that shall overhang any Road to be lopt off in the proper Season, after Four Weeks’ Notice to the Proprietors of the same.

LV. And it is further enacted, That, where Fences shall be made in Hej s to be Time coming on the Sides of the said Turnpike Roads, the Ditch and next the Hedge shall be on the Inside next the Field, and the plain Face of the Field-Fence or Bank shall face the Road; and no Earth-bank, Hedge, or Stone Wall shall be placed nearer the Side of the Road than Three Feet, proper Conduits being made in different Places for carrying the Water from the Road under the said Fence or Bank into the Ditch.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons chargeable with Sia- For Con¥Crt_ tute Labour within the said County, shall hereafter pay a Conversion in the Su-Money, or Composition in lieu of such Statute Labour, to the Collectors tute Labour to b appointed determined by the said TrulLes for receiving the fame, according to °{ the "I101,5 the Rates following; videlicet. All Occupiers of Land, whether Heritors Money. or Tenants, shall be liable to pay yearly a Composition in Money for the Lands occupied by them respectively according to the valued Rent of such Lands, not exceeding the Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings Sterling for each One hundred Merks of such valued Rent.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Tenants and Possef- Converfioa fors of all Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, and Store or Timber Yards fjr Burgl» within the Royal Burghs situate within the said County, or within any an<* Villages. Village or Villages, erected or to be erected within the said County; and the Occupier and Occupiers of any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse,

Store, or Timber Yard within the said County, not having any cultivated or profitable Land adjoining thereto, and the Tenants and Poireffors of the Burgh Roods Ring within the Territory of the said Royal Burghs shall, in the Place of their Statute Labour, pay yearly a Composition not exceeding One Shilling Sterling, for every Dwelling-House, Apartment, or

Room, 1 ’ '*

3312

Power to Trustees to relitvc Per*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 16c.

Room, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, and Store, or Timber Yard occupied bjf them whereof the yearly Rent is Thirty Shillings and under Three Pounds Sterling; a Composition not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling-House, Apartment, Room, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse and Store or Timber-Yard occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rene is Three Pounds, and under Seven Pounds Sterling; a Composition not exceeding Three Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling House, Apartment, Room, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, and Store or Timber-Yard,occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Seven Pounds, and under Ten Pounds Sterling; a Composition not exceeding Four Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling-House, Apartment, Room, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, and Store or Timber-Yard occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Ten Pounds, and under Fifteen Pounds Sterling; a Composition not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling-House, Apartment, Room, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, and Store or Timber Yard occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Fifteen Pounds, and under Twenty Pounds Sterling; a Composition not exceeding Seven Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling-House, Apartment, R >om, Shop, CelUr, Warehouse and Store or Timber-Yard occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Twenty Pounds, and under Twenty-five Pounds Sterling; a Composition not exceeding Eight Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, for every Dwelling-House, Apartment, Room, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, and Storeor Timber-Yard, occupied by them, whereof the yeaily Rrnc is Twenty-five Pounds, and under Thirty Pounds; a Composition not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling; for every Dwelling-House, Aparr-ment. Room, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, and Store or Timber-Yard occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Thirty Pounds, and under Forty Pounds Sterling; a Composition not exceeding Fifteen Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling-House, Apartment, Room, Shop, Cellar, W irrhou e, and Store or Timber-Yard, occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Forty Pounds, and under Fifty Pounds Sterling; a Compositi n nor exceeding One Pound Five Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling-House, Apartment, Room, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, and Store or Timber-Yard, occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Fifty Pounds, and under Sixty Pounds Sterling; and a Composition not exceeding One Pound Ten Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling-House, Apartment, Room, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, and Store or Timber-Yard, occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Sixty Pounds Sterling and upwards; and at a Rate not exceeding Three Pence Sterling on every Pound Sterling of the real Rent of the Burgh Roods, so possessed by them: and for that Purpose the said Trustees, at their First General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, and yearly thereafter at their General Meeting in April or May shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to nominate and appoint Two or more Assessors for each Burgh, Village or District within the said County of Dumfries, who, in Fourteen Days after their Appointment, shall yearly return, upon Oath, to the Clerk to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, a List of the Occupiers of the said Houses and Lands, and Persons keeping Carriage or Saddle Horses, and a full Account of the Rents of the said Lands where the same are in Tenantry, or Value thereof where they are in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, or where the Rent payable by the Tenant cannot be discovered: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to relieve such

Persons

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160. 3313

Persons as they shall know to be in indigent Circumstances, from the son« in indi-Payment of all or any Parc of the said Composition. I!nces'rCUID"

LVIII. And be it enacted, That any Person appointed to be an Assessor Perfom refus. by a General or Adjourned Meeting of the Trustees, who shall retulcor ing to act at neglect to act without sufficient Excuse to be determined by the said Truf- Assessor*. tees, afrer having got Notice in Writing of his Appointment, from the Clerk of the said Trustees, shall forfeic a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties specified in this Act are directed to be recovered and applied } but no Person shall be obliged to hold the said Office for more than Two successive Tears, nor shall any Person having so held the Office (or Two successive Years be obliged to hold such Office again until Three complete Years shall have intervened since he last held it.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall at their first Trust-esto General Meeting, in April or May, or fomc Adjournment thereof, and chuse a Cleric yearly thereafter at their General Meeting, appoint a Clerk for transacting *nd Collec-such Business relating to the Converfxonof the said Scatute Labour as they p00r/,°ons °m’ shall think proper, with an adequate Salary, not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling per Annum; and they shall also at the same Time appoint a Collector or Collectors in each Division hereafter mentioned for receiving and paying away the Compositions aforesaid, for which such Collectors are to be accountable, and are to enter such their Receipts and Payments into regular Books to be kept by them; and the said Trustees may from Time to Time discharge such Clerk and Collectors, or any of them, and may appoint others in their Stead, as they shall think proper; and the said Collectors shall find Security to the Satisfaction of t(\e said Trustees, to account annually, or as often as they shall be required, for all the Money which shall be received by them, and to pay the Balances in their Hands when demanded, such Collectors being always allowed a suitable Gratification for their Trouble, not exceeding Five Pounds Sttrling/er Centum of the Sums which they shall respectively collect.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of Land in the said Heritors to County, or their Factors, shall, and they are hereby required within give in Ac-Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, or within such other Time as the y"","

said Trustees shall fix for that Purpose, to deliver to the Clerk to be ap- Linds"*c. pointed by the said Trustees as last aforesaid a true State or Account of the Valuations of their respective Lands, according to which they are.in Use to pay the Land-Tax and bear Public Burdens; which State or Account shall specify all the Farms belonging to each Heritor, and the Parishes wherein they are situated, and the Proportion of valued Rent falling upon ' '

each Farm suitable to the yearly Rent of the fame, where the Proprietor has been in use to pay the Land-Tax himself for the Whole, or certain Parts Of his Eftati; and in caftan y Heritor shall fail lo to do, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, to compel such Heritors so pay lor their whole Estates according to; the vtflued Rent in the Cess Books of the said County, and to cause the same to be levied in Manner hereinafter mentioned for that Purpose; and such Heritors may recover from their Tenants such Sums as they shall be obliged to pay in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and the Whole of the [Lor. ft? Per.] 37A aforesaid

33*4--

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

aforesaid Sums shall be paid in equal Moieties, on or before the Twenty-fi‘th Day of 'June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to the Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees as aforesaid, the First of such Payments being to be made on the Twenty-fifch Day of December next ensuing after the passing of this Act.

The County »o be divided into Eight

Dniiiuns.

The Money raised in each l’arise to be applied within (he tame.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That for the better Application of the Money to be levied in lieu of Statute Labour in consequence of this Act, the said County of Dumfries shall be divided into Eight Divisions, videlicet, the First Division comprehending the Parishes of Moffatt, Kirkpatrick-Juxta, Wampbray, and Johnfton; the Second Division comprehending the Parishes of Lochmaben, Appkgirth, Dryfdale, Hutton, Saint Mungo, and Tunder garth; the Third Division comprehending the Parishes of Annan, Hoddom, Dornock, Grateney, Kirkpatrick-Flceming, Middlebie, and Half-Morton; the Fourth Division comprehending the Parishes of Cummertrees, Ruth-’well, Dalton, Moufcwald, and Torthormald; the Fifth Division comprehending the Parishes of Dumfries, Kirkmahoe, Tinwald, Kirkmichael, and Carlaverock; the Sixth Division comprehending the Parishes of Sanquhar, Kirkconnell. Durifdeer, Morton, Clojeburn, Keir, and Penpont; the Seventh Division comprehending the Parishes of Glencciirn, Tynron, Dunfcore, and Holywood; and the Eighth Division comprehending the Parishes of Wef-terhirk, EJkdalemuir, Langholm, Eiues, and Canoby; and that the Whole of the aforesaid Conversions in Money in lieu of Statute Labour shall be solely applicable, under the D rection of the said Trustees afiernbled at their General Meetings to the several Roads within the respective Divisions where the said Money shall be so levied, and no otherwise: Provided always, that the Money raised by the aforesaid Conversion in each Parish shall be applied to the Roads lying within the same, and to no ocher Purpose, till such Time as the Roads in that Parish shall be effectually repaired, unless a Majority of such of the lrustees as are Proprietors of Land within the said Parish shall at any Time agree to apply a Part thereof to Roads in any of the adjoining Parishes within the same Division: And provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Trustees at their aforesaid Meetings, with Consent of the Proprietors of Land within the respective Parishes, or Two-thirds of such Proprietors, to apply and lay out a Portion or Share of the Conversion Money of the Paritii not exceeding One Half thereof, to the repairing the Turnpike Roads running through such Parish.

Ascertaining

LXII. And be it enacted, That all Carters, Carriers, and other Per-the Compo/i'- fons keeping Horses for Hire and Labour residing within the said Counties for Su. ty> shall, by Way of Composition for Statute Service, pay at the Rate of for'Hortes*’ Three Shillings yearly for each Horse, and One Shilling and Sixpence yearly kept for Hire for each Man employed with such Horses, notwithstanding that they and Men em- may occupy Lands or Houses within other Counties through which they fu°h Horfth are *n u^e to trave* ‘n l^e Course of their Employment: Provided always, u.n (ores. jjat k far as the said Carters, Carriers, and other Persons so keeping Horses for Hire or Labour, shall rent and occupy any Lands, and shall be alTeired in Quality of Tenants or Occupiers of the said Lands within the said County of Dumfries, they shall be entitled to a Deduction out of such Assessment to the Extent of the Rate or Composition to which they are hereby made subject in respect of their Horses and Men employed with such Horses.

LX 111, And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160. 33 *5

LXl'.I. And be it enacted.That the said Trustees shall meet at Dumfries on Trustees to the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall proceed to execute this Act, so far as relates to Conversion of Statute Labour, and thereafter the said Trustees shall meet yearly at Dumfries on the t)ay that is appointed for the Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply for imposing the Land Tax, and shall fix and ascertain the Rate of Conversion to be levied on each Hundred Merks of valued Rent, and shall also proportion the particular Sum to be levied within each of the several Divisions above mentioned, agreeable to the Valuation of the Lands in the said Divisions, and also the Sums to be levied in the several Burghs and Villages; and the said Trustees shall have another Annual Meeting at Dumfries on the Day on which the Freeholders of the said County shall hold their Michaelmas Head Court, with Power to them at their aforesaid Meetings respectively to adjourn themselves to such Times and Places as they shall think proper or convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution.

LXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the said Trustees Troft«! :o shall meet on the Sixth Day of July, One thousand eight hunJre I and nine, reP°rt and yearly thereafter on the Twentieth Day of April in every Ye.T, if a °*lljt

lawful Day, or on the first lawful Day thereafter, and at which Meetings any Three or more of the said Trustees being present shall be a Quorum, and be competent to act in the Business thereof, and at such Meetings the said Trul-tees shall proceed to make up a particular State of the different Roads within each of the said Divisions, with an Estimate of the Sums necessary to be levied in the ensuing Year for repairing thereof, which State and Eflimare is to be by them reported to the said Trustees at their next General Annual Meeting, W'ho are hereby empowered to ascertain the Sums to be raised upon the Hundred Merks in each Division, and also the Sums to be raised in the several Burghs and Villages in such Manner as to them shall seem equitable, the Rule for ascertaining and fixing thereof being the State of Repair in which the Roads in such Division shall be found by the Trustees at such General Meeting to be, and that the Sums appointed to be raised upon Lands within the Territory of Burghs, shall be in proportion to and corresponding with the Sum to be levied upon the other Lands in the Division wherein the said Borough Rood Lands lie, which Sums so ascertained are to be levied by the said Trustees within each Division as aforesaid: Provided always, That in case no such State and Estimate shall be reported as aforesaid of any of the said Divisions, then the said Trustees at their General Meeting shall assess such of the said Divisions of which no such State or Estimate shall be repoited as aforesaid in the full Sum of Thirty Shillings Sterling, on each One Hundred Merks of valued Rent and Three Pence Sterling on the Pound Sterling of the Rent of Borough Rood Lands for that Year in which no such State and Estimate shall be reported; and also the Maximum Sum to be laid on Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, Storehouses, and Store or ~l irnber Yards, within the said several Burghs and Villages, and in case any Person shall complain to the said Trustees at their General Meeting, that the Report made of any of the said Divisions with respect to the State of the said Roads is not just, then it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees at any of their General Meetings to appoint a Committee from among themselves to inspect the Roads in such Division, and to report the Situation thereof to the said Trustees at their then next General Meeting,

who

33*6

Trustfes

boric.v Money upon the Credit of (h« Conversion Money.

Appetit rot

to flop Payment of the Conversions,

Deficients (• be poinded.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

who shall have full Power finally to determine with respect only to the State of the said Roads: Provided always, that the said Trustees at their said Annual Meeting previous to the General Annual Meeting shall have power in the State and Estimate before mentioned to specify any Parish or Parishes within any of the said Divisions where the Conversion Money ought to be more or lei's than the Rale of Conversion within the other Parishes of the Division, and their Reasons for thinking so, and if the fame appear satisfactory to the General Meeting, such Parish or Parishes shall be rated agreeably to such State and Estimate, notwithstanding the other Parishes may be rated at a higher 01 lesser Sum.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if the Trustees ofany Parish shall produce to a Distr £t Meeting of Trustees satisfatlory Evidence that the Public might be better accommodated by an immediate Outlay of a Sum. of Money beyond the yearly Amount or Income from the Composition in lieu of Statute Labour, it shall and may be lawful for such District Meeting with the Consent and Approbation of the Proprietors of two Thirds in Value of the Lands in such Parish, to borrow upon the Credit of the Conversion levied in such Parish, such a Sum of Money to be employed on the Roads and Bridges in that Par fb, and not otherwise, as they may find to be expedient, and to assign over the Conversion Money of such Parish as a Security for Repayment of the Sums to be borrowed with the lawful Interest thereof: Provided that the whole Sums due at any Time in any One Parish, shall not exceed Seven Years Amount of the Conversion Money of such Parish, and that not more than Two Thirds of the Annual Conversion Money of the Parish at the Time of borrowing such Money, shall be assigned in Security of such Loan; and every such Assignment shall be executed at the District Meeting of the Trustees, and recorded by their Clerk in their Sederunt Books; bur no Money shall be borrowed unless the Assessment has been previously laid at the highest Rate; and when any Money shall have been so borrowed, it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees. whether at a District Meeting or otherwise, to diminish the Rate of Conversion which existed at the Time when the Money was so borrowed, until the Debt so contracted, Principal and Interest, shall have been paid off, or unless the Person or Persons to whom the Money is owing, shall consent thereto.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Complaint as aforesaid shall flop the Payment of any of the said several Conver. fions for the Year in which they are due,reserving nevertheless to the Party aggrieved. Action for Redress before the Justices of the Peace for the said County at their Quarter Sessions, who may and shall award Relief as they shall see Cause, and whole Sentence shall be final.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person liable to pay the find Conversion, shall refuse or neglect, on or before the said respective Days to pay the fame, then and ip. such Case it shall be lawful for the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, or for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Dumfries, or any One or more of them, to grant Warrants for Poinding the Lffe&s of the Deficients in a luminary Manner, by appraifing them at the Spot where found, and afterwards felling the fame for Payment of the converted Values before mentioned, together with the Charges attending such Poinding, and the Overplus (if any) to be paid

to

33 T 7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

to the Person so deficient as aforesaid, which Warrants the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute and Justices aforesaid, are hereby required to grant, upon any Application to be made to them by the said Collectors, and an Attestation upon Oath subscribed by them, that the Persons complained of had been deficient in paying the Conversions above mentioned.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, or the justices of the Peace for the Paid County of Dumfries, or any One or more of them to award treble the Value of the Damages which shall be sustained by any Person or Persons aggrieved by such Warrant or Warrants, such Damages to be paid to such Person or Persons by the Collector or Collectors, upon whose Attestation such Warrant or Warrants shall have been granted, in case it shall appear to such Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or Justices of the Peace, that the said Collectors have made a false or improper Accusation of any Person liable as aforesaid.

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act shall subject Clergymen or Schoolmasters to be taxed or assessed for Statute Labour or the Conversion thereof, for, or in respect of their Mantes or Glebes, or Parish School Houses, and the Lands thereunto belonging in their natural Possession.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, at any of their General or adjourned Meetings, choose Committees and Conveners from among themselves to have the general Oversight and Direction of the Repairs of the said Roads within each Division for the ensuing Year, and who shall have Power to choose a Praefes and Clerk at the first and subsequent Meetings of the said Committees; also to draw on the Collectors for the Sum appropriated for the Roads within each Division, and to settle the Accounts of the Collectors, and direct all other Business within their respective Divisions; but the said Committee shall be obliged to report their Collectors’ Accounts to the next General Annual Meeting, and lodge the fame, with the Vouchers thereof, in the Hands of the Clerk to such General Meeting, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling annually until reported.

LXXI. Provided always, That any One or more Members of the said Committee, who shall attend on the dated Days of Meeting, is and are hereby empowered to act, so as the Execution of this Act may not be frustrated or delayed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person having Arable Lands adjoining to any of the said l^ubltc Roads shall be obliged to make Headings, One on each Side of the said Roads, of the Breadth of Eighteen Feet at lead.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have the fame Powersffor widening and altering Roads whereon no Gates or Turnpikes shall be erected, and for taking Gravel and other Materials for repairing the fame out of the neighbouring Grounds, as is hereby granted to them fer repairing the several Turnpike Roads hereinbefore directed to be [Lee. & Per.] 21 & made

Collectors liable in Damages for making fade Accusation of any Person.

Clergymen, &c. not lo be assessed or ta. «d.

Trustees to chute Committees to overtee the Roads,

One or mere of the Committee may

a ft.

Headings to be made on Road Sides.

Trustees to have Power to alter the Roads, &c. in the fame Way as the Trust es on the Turnpike Roads.

3318

ForRecovery and Appiica-t on of Pe-b allies.

Corapenla-tion to tie made for Lands and Houses taken or damaged.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i6o.

made or repaired, and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Re*

strictions.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed), shall, upon Froof of the Offences respectively before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Dumfries, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (all which Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and also to administer such Oaths gratis), be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Defaulters, such Sale being always made by public Roup or Auction to the highest Offerer, at such Place as shall be directed by such Warrant or Warrants, within Seven Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus (after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted), shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied in the repairing such of the said Roads upon or in respect whereof such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be incurred; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrant' under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caul'e the respective Defaulters to be committed to the common Gaol of the said County of Dumfries, or to the nearest Gaol within the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, uitless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the same shall be foouer paid and satisfied; and all Prosecutions for the Penalties inflicted by this Act shall be raised and carried on at the In-ltance of the C lerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That full Compensation shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of all Lands and Houses which shall be occuried and taken Possession of, pulled down, or removed by the said Trustees under the Authority of this Act, and also to the Owners and Occupiers of all Lands from which any Materials shall be taken for the Use of the said Roads, or upon which any Dykes, Drains, Embankments, Aqueducts, or >V ateicourses shall be carried or made, for all Loss or Damage which may thereby arise to such Owners and Occupiers respectively, and for the Value of Materials taken; and for that Purpose, the Trustees shall, before entering upon any such Lands or Houses, or injuring the fame, give One Month’s Notice at the least to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, unless where any other Notice is hereby directed) and make an Oder to them of what the Trustees consider to be the Value or a just Compensation; and the said Trustees shall be and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of

Entail,

33i

4-9° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 160.

Entail, Husbands, Trustees, Tutors and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, though under legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to sell and convey all such Lands or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, and widening the said Roads in Manner by this Act directed, or any of them, and erecting any Toll House, Turnpike Gate, or Toll Bar thereon, or for storing Materials or otherwise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in the several Cases in this Act mentioned, where the Amount of Damages or Compensation to be made by the said Trustees to any Person or Persons is directed to be settled by a Jury, Application shall be made by either of the Parties to the Sheriff Depute of the County of Dumfries, or his Substitute, to summon the fame, and the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute is hereby empowered and required, upon such Application, to order Notice thereof to be given to the other of the said Parties, and afterwards to issue a Summons in the usual Manner for calling together and impannelling a Jury, consisting of Fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after such Examination to return a Verdict upon Oath as to the Damage sustained; and after a Ver-dist is pronounced as aforesaid, the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute is hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value and Amount of the Loss or Damage thereby awarded to the Persons having a Right thereto; and upon Payment being made by the said Trustees out of the Money raised by virtue of this Act, of the Sum awarded to the Party or Parties interested, or Consignation of the said Sum in any of the Public Banks of Scotland, the said Trustees shall from thenceforth have Right to take and use the Ground, and to take down the Houses and Fences so valued for the Purposes aforesaid as fully and effectually ever after to all Intents and Purposes as if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Grounds, Houses, or Fences had executed regular Dispositions of the fame, and thereupon Infeftment had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Review, Advocation, Sul'pension, or otherwise howsoever.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event that such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expence of the Proceedings shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and on the other Hand if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum, the whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers; provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees: Provided also, That after having paid to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occu-pitrs of any Lands or Houses, such Sum as shall have been agreed or awarded to be paid, or depositing the fame in the Bank of Scotland, or

Royal

Sheriff to summon a Jury to fix Value of Lands and Houses,

Sheriff to adjudge Payment of the Sum awarded by the J ury.

Expences of the Proceedings how to be paid.

3320 49° GEORGII III. Cap. i6o.

Royal Bank of Scotland, as the Case may be, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses for the Purposes of this Act, and no Stop shall in the mean time be put to the Operation of the said Trusteeson Pretence of settling the Damages, or that they have not been futisfied and paid.

LXXVIII. And, to prevent unnecessary Trouble and Delay, be it further enacted, That in case any Person interested shall apply for and obtain from any Judge competent a Warrant for flopping the Execution of any of the Purposes aforesaid, to be carried on under the Authority of this Act, the said Judge is hereby directed and empowered to recal such Warrant, and Temove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the said Trustees for the Amount of such Damages as may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing for the fame, and ascertained in Manner hereinbefore mentioned.

Re-inverting

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed purchase Mo- or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, nies, it taken, or uTed by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes amounting to tj,ereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds under the I ireftion and by the Authority of the Court of Session,he with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Parts thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, asse cling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, 'Tenements, or Heritages, (landing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, (tood settled, or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

If less than

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so aooi. and ex- agreed andawarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, pur-ceeding 20I. chafed,taken, orufed for the Purposes aforesaid, andbelonging to any Corpo-, ration

Any Warrant for flopping the Work, to be recalled on Caution found.

3321

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i 60.

ration or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority be paid into either of the Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the fai l Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and ihe Interest arising therefrom, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

LXXXI. Providedalfo, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo. u,jer ney so agreed and awarded to be paid as lad beforementioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds; then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who woul! for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per- r, case of not fons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Pur- making out chafe of Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased by virtue of this 1 itle>,

Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Pretnifes to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or discoveied, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for 'he said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, describing them, subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofiiion of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order Difiiibution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or littered of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make iueh other Order in the Premises as to the said Court fh.dl seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give" a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are [Loc. fs* Per ] 37 C received

3322

Where Qcef-tions arile touching the Title.

Expences in case of Dil-ability.

(•Vd Roads to be foid.

Allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sel-iious.

4Q° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question fit.ill anse touching the Title of any Person to any Money tube paid into the Paid Banks, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Eftaie, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session, and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the Paid Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame 111 ill be requited to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expen ces of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That in case the Course of any of the said Roads shall be altered as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby authorized and directed, as loon as the new Reads shall be completed and made passable and convenient for Carriages, to fell the Ground of the old or former Road to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Ground through which the fame did pass, willing to purchase the fame for a fair and just Consideration; and in case such Proprietor and the Trustees cannot agree, the Value of the old Road shall be ascertained by a Jury, and the Expences of the Jury shall be defrayed in Manner above mentioned, and in the Event that any such Proprietor shall not choose to purchase the said old Road, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to dispose of the fame by Public Auction, and the Price or Prices to be got for such old Road shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath been already hereby directed or appointed, he, (lie, or they may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their then next Quarter Sessions for the said County of Dumfries, or in

case

3 3 2 J

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

case the Cause of Complaint shall arise within Fifteen Days next before such Quarter Sessions, then fuel) Appeal may be made to the said Justices at their second Quarter Sessions for the said County, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and may at their Discretion (if they fee Cause) mitigate all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures laid upon or incurred by the Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or let aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Coirs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to cause such Colls so awarded to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the fame; and for want of sufficient Distress, to cause the Person or Persons liable to pay such Colls to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Dumfries for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Colls and the Charges attending the Recovery thereof shall be sooner paid: Provided also, that the Person or Persons so appealing do give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees of his or their Intention of bringing such Appeal at lead Fifteen Days before the Quarter Sedions at which such Appeal is to be heard, and do also within Five Days after such Notice given, lodge in the Hands of the Sheriff’s Clerk of the said County of Duvfries a Bond executed by him and Two sufficient Sureties, obliging himself to prosecute such Appeal; and in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direS in that Behalf; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted.That all ASions fer all and every the Penalties imposed by this Act, or for any Thing done in the Execution thereof, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the FaS was done or committed, and not afterwards.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons who has or have subscribed, or diall subscribe towards making and repairing the Roads by this Act authorized to be made and repaired, any or either of them after Forty Days previous Notice shall negleSor refuse to pay his, her, or their Subscription Money at such Tiine and Place as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them specially authorized to that Effect, by a General Annual Meeting, to sue for and recover the fame in any Court in Great Britain, with Interest thereof from the Time of such Demand until Payment.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That so much of ti e Sixteenth AS of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, imituled "AS for Repairing Highways and Bridges,"as authorizes a Stent or Assessment not exceeding Ten Shillings Scots upon each Hundred Pounds of valued Rent in one Year, for the Purpose therein mentioned, shall, in so far as the fame extends to the said County of Dumfries be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply for the said County of Dumfries, at their General Annual Meeting for assessing

the

Limitation of Actions.

For compelling Favenent of Subscriptions.

Ceitain Af-

fefl.nent allowed by an Act of Car. 11. repealed.

New AffelT. men; to be made for

3324-

Building of Bridges.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 160.

the Land-Tax, may, in lieu of the said Stent or Assessment, assess the whole Heritors of the said County of Dumfries in a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, upon every Hundred Merks Scots of valued Rent yearly, to be levied annually along with the Land-Tax, which Assessment shall be applied by the said Commissioners of Supply to the building and repairing of Bridges within the said County only.

[Public Act.]

XCI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Continuance XC!I. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take of the Act. Place upon the Sixth Day of July, One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall have Continuance from thence for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, in so far as it respects the iinpofing of Tolls, and in so far as it relates to other Matters, shall have Continuance in all Time coming.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 161.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mead Brook in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the County of Wilts, and other Places therein mentioned; and for extending the said Road to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge.

[ 10th june 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and 39G.1. *.56. keeping in Repair the Roads leadingfrcm Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the County of Wilts; and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Parifto: And whereas another Act was made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, 1G.3. «. 7+. made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled,

‘ An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Reads leading from Mead * Brook, which divides the Parifoes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the County of Wilts; and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effec- 27G.j-c. 6i. tually repairing the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Pa-[Loc. isf Perl] 37 D tifljes

33*6

Additional

Tiullces.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 161.

r'tjbes a/" Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the County of Wilts; and from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mina in the said Par if}: And whereas the Trustees appointed by and in pursuance of the said recited Acts have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and for that Purpose have borrowed the Sum of Three thousand four hundred and eighty Pounds upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to betaken Upon the said Roads, which ftiil remains due, with a considerable Arrear of Interefr, and the fame cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, enlarged, and rendered more effectual: And whereas, although the said Roads were not in and by the said recited Acts declared to be Two distinct Districts of Road, the said Trustees have always deemed them to be so, and have kept the Accounts of Money borrowed, and the Tolls received thereupon, separate and distinct from each other, and settled in and by their Accounts that the Sum of Three thousand and eighty Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Three thousand four hundred and eighty Pounds was due and owing, and charged on the Tolls arising on that Part of the said Road deemed the Lower or Pucklechurch District, and the remaining Sum of Four hundred Pounds in like Manner, ctn the other Part of the said Road which they deemed the Upper or Draycot District; and it would be more convenient to the said Trustees if such Districts were directed to be made separate by this Act: And whereas if the said Road was extended to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge, it would be an Accommodation to the Public: May it therefore pleaseTour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cotlfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Road shall be extended to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge; and that the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and remain in full Force and Lffect, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and i'urposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and as if the said Road to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge aforesaid had been Part of the Road Included in the said Acts, but subject nevertheless to the Alterations artd Amendments herein contained; and that this Act shall commence and take Effect upon the passing thereof; and the Term and Powers hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and of such other Sums of Money as shall or may hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Act, and ef all Interest due and to grow' due thereon respectively, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That Robert A'Jhe Clerk, Thomas Brooke, Fitzherb.rt Brooke, James Browning, Joseph Baldwin, John Baldwin, George Biffttt Clerk, William Powell Hendry, William Coleman, John Dark, Stephen George, Francis Triboudet Dcmainbray Clerk, Abraham Lloyd Edridge, Thomas Edridge, Isaac Sadler Gale, Ralph Gaby, Hooper Clerk,

John Heath, Jones Clerk, Matthew Marsh Clerk,

Nicholas

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 161. 3327

Nicholas Clerk, Philip Prothoroc, John Perris, Thomas Pyke, John Parjloc,

John Reeks, 7Villiam Smith, Isaac Underwood, the Honourable Henry Windsor, John Chapman Wallace, and Henry If'ight-wick Clerk, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts) shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, and shall have the like Powers for that Purpose as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them: Provided nevertheless, that all Aits and Proceedings of any Person or Persons who have ailed as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or who shall ait as a Tnlftee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act: Provided also, that all Matters and Things to be done by the said Trustees shall and may be d ne from the pafltng of this Act by any Five or more of them present at any Meeting to be held under this Act; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Roadsdmdfd Ait, the said several Roads shall be divided into Two Difcritts, that is to into Didrish. say, the Road leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield in the County of Gloucester, to the Salutation.

Inn in the Parish of Castle Coomb in the County of Wilts, and from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish mentioned in the said recited Acts, shall be the First District, and be called or known by the Name and Di'ftinftion of " The Pucklechurch or Lower District," and the Road from the said Salutation Inn to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge, shall be called the Second District, by the Name and Distinction of " The Draycot or Upper District."

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who Persons pay-shall pay Toll at any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side-Bar or Side-Bars, al- ing Tolls at ready erected, dr which by virtue of this Act shall be ereited on any Part of trough* the Roads in the said Draycot or Upper District, shall be permitted to pass ntVer Gat "s Toll-free on the same Day through every other Turnpike or Side-Bar that Toll-free.

is or shall be ereited on the said Road called the Draycot or Upper District, on producing a Note or Ticket to the Collector or Collectors of such Tolls, denoting fudh Payment, which Notes or Tickets such Collector or Collectors are hereby required to give on Receipt ok the Tolls; and if any Person shall fraudulently take the Benefit of such Exemption, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and are Exemptions, hereby authorized and empowered to demand and take, by the respective

Persons who are and shall be appointed for that Purpose in and by the said Aits or this Act, the several Tolls directed to be received and taken by the said recited Act of the Twent\ seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, before any Horse or other Cattle shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Side-Bar ereited or to be erected on the said Roads, except

3328

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i6r.

cept as herein-before mentioned, and also except for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast herein-after mentioned, for which no Toll full be demanded or taken, (that is to say) for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones Bricks, Timber, Wood, Grayel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Purifies in which any Parts of such Roads lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, riot sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners; nor for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Plough, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compolt, or Manure, employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; nor for any Horses or other Cattle returning with any Carriage laden with Coals only dug in and from the said Mine', and for which the said Tolls shall have been paid the preceding Day on passing with such Carriage empty going for such Coals, unless such Horse or other Cattle shall pass and repass the said Gates with such Carriage laden more than Once inTwenty-four Hours; nor for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Padure or Watering-Places; nor from any rerion going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die or be buried in any of the said Parishes; nor for any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person or upon other Parochial or Minii-teral Duty upon a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage of w hatever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Port Mailer General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame, according to the Directions contained in the Statutes for conveying such Mails and Express'es; nor for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast attending any S ildiers upon theii March or Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with Arms or Baggage; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage vhatsoever, or the Horse of Horses, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; nor for any FI irfe. Cattle, or Beast carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any i’erson belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place app inted for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be drefTtd in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid;

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i6r.

3329

said; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof, shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or Carriages causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Bar- st0res rot ta rack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Ma- be subject to jesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty Penaltie*lor or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such W aggon. Wain, Cart, or ^'ccwelS other Carriage, be (lopped or detained by reaibn of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horles or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, To prevent with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, pass through any Lands, evading the Grounds, or Hereditaments lying near any Turnpike erected or which shall Tolli'

be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the fame not being a public Highway, or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Ground,

Land, or Hereditaments shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame, or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Ticket by the said Acts or this Act directed to be given, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof shall be avoided, or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pal's through such Turnpike with any Horse, or other Cattle or Beall, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle from any Carnage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any of the said Roads, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beall, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises from any Horse,!Cat-tle. Bead, or Carriage, or secrete any Goods chargeable with such Toll, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, whereof one Moiety shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said re-,cited Acts directed to be applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Liti- Farmers of gation ll.all happen to arise touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls to the Tolli or be collcded on the said several Roads, or the Recovery of such Tolls, the j Person or r'ersons who shall or may happen to be the Farmer or Farmers, tu be incomer Renter or Renters of the said Tolls, or his, her, ot their Servant or Ser- fetem to give vants for the Time being, who shall or may be appointed to collect the Evidence, fame, 01 any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees in the Collection of the said Tolls, shall not beincompe-

[.Loc, $9* Per*]

tent

333°

Meetings to

t c tiled on Emergencies.

All Dung, Straw, See. laid in the R.iaos to te the Piooerty of the Trustees.

Empower Jig Two Truittes to inspect the Books and Papen i i the Hands of the Clerk, Trea-fnrer, or other Q.E.cr.

49° GEORGII III. Cab. i6r.

tent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, relative to the Collection or Recovery of such l olls, whether the Payment of such Tolls shall or may happen to be enforced by Distress and Sale, or by way Of Information and Conviction, or by any other Ways and Means, on account of their, his, or her being Farmers or Renters, Farmer or Renter of the said Tolls, or being appointed to collect the fame, 01 act.’ng under the Authority of the said Trustees as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall be thought necessary that an earlk Dv of Meeting shall be appointed than the Day affixed by such Adjournment, then and in such Case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustets, upon an t Truer in Writing signed by any Two or more of the acting Trustees (although notassembled at a Meeting), mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof by Writing, to be affixed upon all the said Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Roads, of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Straw, Dung, Soil, and Compost on the said Roads, or any of them, shall be the Property of the said Trustees, and it any Peift n or Per lofts shall take, remove, or carry away any such Straw, Dung, Soil, or Compost without the Consent of the said Trustees, to be given at feme public Meeting previous thereto, he, she, or they shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding FoTty Shillings for every such Offence.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Trustees adding in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act at all seasonable Times in the Day-time, and upon giving One Day’s previous Notice of such their Intention to the Clerks, Treasurers, or other Officers appointed by the Trustees, in whose Custody any of the Books and Papers relating to and concerning the said Trust shall for the Time being be lodged and deposited, to have Recourse to, and inspect and examine such Books and other Papers in the Custody of such Clerk, Treasurer, or other Officers, and to take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, at their Will and PItafure, without any Interruption from or by such Clerk, Treasurer, or other Officers, or any o'her of the said Trustees for the Time being acting in the Execution of the said Trusts; and in case such Clerks, Treasurers, or other Officers shall neglect or refuse to produce arid (how such Books and Papers, or shall not permit the same to be inspected and copied as aforesaid, or shall in anyway interrupt such Trustee or Trustees in the Exercise of the Power hereby given, every Person or Persons lb offending ill II for every such OH'ence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in such and the same Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures by the said recited .-\£ts are directed to be recovered, and shall be applied by the said Trustees in Aid of or Addition to the Funds of the said Dilhricts in which the same shall arise.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 161.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pading of this Act, as well all Sums of Money now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer. of the said Tolls by virtue of the said recited ' fts, as also all Money that shall arise and be produced by and front the I oils granted by the faitl recited Acts and this Act:, and all other Money which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers, by or under the said Acts, shall l?e deemed a separate Fund, and ffialilin the first. l’lace be paid and applied in Payment of the Cods, Chaises,- and Expt-.nces incident to and attending the procuring, lbliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and all Expences incurred prior thereto, for or in respect ihereof, together with lawful I tered for such prior Expences, and of any Money to be borrowed for the Expences aforesaid, from the Time of advancing the lame until the Payment thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Payment of the •Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and such other Monies as aforesaid, all Money to arise and be produced by and from the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts and this Act, for and in respect of the Pucklechurch or Lower Didrift, and also all other Money which shall come to ihe Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, in respect thereof, shall be considered as a separate and didinft Fund, and didinftly applied in repairing the said Road mentioned in the Pucklechurch or Lower Didrift of Road, and paying and keeping down the Intered of the said Sum of T: ree housand and eighty Pounds, and in paying the Arrear of Intered now due thereon, and the In-terelt of any other Sums which shall be borrowed on the Tolls arising on that Didrift of Road; and from and after payment and Satisfaction thereof the same shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, in Liquidation only of the said Sum of Three thousand and eighty Pounds, and of any other further Principal Sum that may be borrowed as aforesaid; and from and after Payment of the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and such other Monies as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall raile on the Credit of the Tolls arising from the other Part of the said Road called the Draycot or Upper Didrift, a diffident Sum of Money to pay off the said Principal Sum of Four hundred Pounds, and all Intered due thereon, and pay and apply the same to the several Persons respectively entitled thereto, and also such further Sum or Sums of Money that shall or may be necessary to pay the Expence, Cods, and Charges of any other Improvements that may be neccflitry to be made and condrufted in and upon the said Roads an the said Draycot or Uppei Didrift; and all Monies to arise and be produced of and from the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts and this Act, for or in respect of the Draycot or Upper Didrift of Road, and •all other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees, cr their Treasurer, by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, in respect of the said Roads in the said Draycot or Upper District of Road, shall be and be considered as a separate and didinft Fund, and shall be separately and didinftly applied in amending, widening, and keeping" in Repair the said several Roads in the said Draycot or Upper Didrift of Road, and in paying and keeping down the Intered of the Money that may be borrowed as aforesaid, and after Payment thereof in Liquidation only of the said Principal Sum _to be borrowed in Manner aforesaid.

2 XIV. And

333*

Directinj; from what Fuad Expen-cei af the Art

shall be paid.

How Tolls on each Did riot are afterwards to be applied.

A? to firfc District.

As to feeoni District.

333*

temporary Coll *ftois.

For Recovery

of Possession of Toll Houses.

'Enabling Truste.-s to take P f

jeii.on of Toll House •when let to farm.

4.90 OKORGII TIT. Crp 161.

XIV. AM be it further enacted, That when arid as often as any Collector or R mver of the said respective 'lolls shall neglect, or be incapable, or shall abf< nd orabfent hin.felr, any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting held pursuant to the Directions of the said recked Acts or this Act, shall and may and are hereby authorized to discharge Inch Collector or Receiver lo neglecting, or being ineapal le of performing his Duty, or absenting himself; and in such Case, and also in case any such Receiver or Collector shall die, any Two or more of the said Trustees as aforesaid shall and may and are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector of the said Tolls, and to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees in the Stead of such C.olleClor or Receiver as shall die or be discharged; and such Person, so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be ar.fwerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had, or would have been subject to; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said respective Tolls who shall be dtichatged from his Office by virtue of this or the said recited Act, or the 1 ifr, or Widow, or any of the Children or Family, or other Representative of any Collector or Receiver who flaall die, or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons shall refuse to deliver up the PoAeflion of any Toll House or Building continued or erected by virtue of the said recited ACis or this Act, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, by any Two or more of the said Trustees though not assembled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Treasurer respectively for the Time being, then and in anyot such Cases, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Toll Boule or Building Avail be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, Or Hands and Seals, to order and direct a Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as Aiali be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the lanve, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or such new appointed Collector, into Possession thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Tolls arising from all or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said respective Districts of Roads, shall at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Fanner or Farmers thereof, Avail neglect or refule to perforin the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demifid oi let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Ltff-cs, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the Space of 'J en Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Agreement of letting the fame, then and in either of those Cases the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Persons respectively, authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Trustees, shall be at Liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter into and upon and to take PosseAion of the Toll House or Toll Houses, with the Buildings, Weighing Machines, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, so let as aforesaid, and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection

, of

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 161. 3533

of the respective Tolls there made payable; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (if they shall think fit), to vacate and determine the Contrail or Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, as may be in Arrear and unpaid), as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said respective Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be taken and collected as if no former Contrail or Agreement had. been entered into relative thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or TV font Shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards chargeabk *o repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts of the fame, to Continue'" shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall f0-and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace ailing juaices to for the said Counties of Gloucester or Wilts,' and they are hereby empowered determine and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by Difference* their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order, yearly to

to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work Work.

shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respeilive Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition. for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to fumnion the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in a List or Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respe drive Sums to be paid; which List or Lists of Names shall he made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways, and shall be verified upon the Oath of such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, if so required by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors, which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer without Fee or Reward; and out of such List or Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Seed-time, Hay-time, or Iiarveft), and in such Parts of the respective Parishes or Places from whence such Statute Duty shall be required, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices [.Lee. & Per.} 37 F shall

3334-

Trustees n

compound for Statute Work.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i-6i.

shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lilt or Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts or this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lash or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person. who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, or any of them, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part or Parts of the said Roads all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Justices, after his, her, or their having been served with such Summons as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such List or Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in a false or impeded Lift or false or imperfect Lifts, or shall neglect or refuse to verify such List or Lists upon Oath, when thereunto required as aforesaid, or shall not to the utmost of his, her, or their Power assist in con-viding any Inhabitant of or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in his, her, or their respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, who shall make Default in Performance of his, her, or their Statute Duty-on the said Roads, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall, for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to-and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads are situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done

on

3335

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 161.

on the said Roads; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees in advance, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said Acts and this Act, or either of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a funnnary Way by-the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,. Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

Application of Compensation Money when

amounting to 2001.

3336

Application when the Compen ration Money is less than aoo 1. and not less than 20 L

Application where the Money is less than 2el.

In case of not making out Titles.

49° GEORGII TIL Cap. i6t.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or ufc-d for the PurposiBf*aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or ileredita-tnenls so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian of Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be dignified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paJd into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before <Jhefted, or otheruife the lame shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five, or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to' b<f signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Perilous so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defending theni], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which laid Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to any such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and are hereby empowered, in a summary

Way

3337

49° GEORGII Jir. Cap. i6i»

Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Tide, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Galhiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mendoning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank Title to of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General Money how of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this t® he settled. Ad, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Messuages,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; znd the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by Court Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Here- Expencuof ditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, Put-chafes to the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said TrJ^,bjr Court, and be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, ,u e"' Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of

this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done Aa,0"’'

333? 49° GEORG*11 III. Cap. 161.

in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, until One Month t Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees* nor after sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after 'two Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the Counties of Gloucester or Wilts, as the fame may arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and give the said Act and this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had there-upon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Acts and this A St; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if the said Action or Suit shall be brought before One Month’s Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be bi ought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upoq such Verdict or Verdicts, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law; nor shall any Person or Persons who shall offend against the said recited Acts or this Act be sued or prosecuted, or be liable to pay any Penalty or Forfeiture laid or inflicted by the said recited Acts or this Act, after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the Time of the Offence committed; any Thing herein or the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any. wise notwithstanding.

fublick Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Limiting

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said

Term of this recited Acts shall on the passing of this Act cease and determine; and the

AS- fjid recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions

herein before contained), and this Act shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by Georci Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 162.

An Act for the Exchange of Part of the settled Estates of the Earl of Guilford, and for the Sale of other Parts to discharge a Mortgage thereon, and for other Purposes.

[10th Jufie 1809.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Frederick, formerly Earl of Guiford, duly signed and published his last Will and i efta-ment in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty-first Day of )uly One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and did thereby direct that all his just Debts and funeral and testamentary Expences should be paid, and charged his Personal Estate not therein-after specifically bequeathed, and also his Re, 1 Estates, with the Payment thereof, and of the Legacies given by fitsf5id Will, or which he should give by any Codicil thereto; and the said Frederick, formerly Earl of Guilford, did by his laid v\ ill give, devise, and bequeath, all and singular h s Manors, Me Hinges, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, Ivin?, and being iit the County of Northampton, or elsewhere in Great Britain, as Well those devised to him by his then late rather, as those which he had purchased; and also all other his Red Estates whatl’oever, whereof or wherein the said Frederick, formerly Earl of Guilford, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, was or were seized or possessed, or whereunto he or any Person or Persons in Trust for him should be entitled to, in Poffdlion, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, (except the P.rrfonage of Eastry and Word, with the Appurtenances,) and subject, neverihelek,

'[Loc. If Per.] 37 ll to

3342

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 162.

to the Charges and Incumbrances affecting the fame respectively; and thfe Payment of his Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies given by his Will, or which he should give by any Codicil thereto, to the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frederick Montague, of Pappleioick, in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, and their Heirs, to, for, and upon the several Uses therein and herein-after mentioned and declared of and concerning the same; (that is to say), to the Use of his eldest son George--Augustus North commonly called Lord North, and his Assigns, during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Power to make any Demise or Lease, Demifcs or Leases of all or any Part or Parts of the said Premises, for any TermorNumber of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years in Possession, as therein is mentioned; Remainder to the Use of the said William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frederick Montague, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said George Augustus then Lord North, in Trull to supporc the contingent Remainders therein-after limited; Remainder to the Use of George Augustus North Esquire, the only Son of the said George Augustus Lord North, and the Heirs Male of his Body, lawfully ilfuing, with Remainder to the Use of the Second and every other Son of the said George Augustus then Lord North, severally and fuccelTively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male, with Remaider to the Use of the Testator’s Second Son, Francis, now Earl of Guilford, then the Honourable Francis North, and his Assigns, during $is Life, with the like Powers of making Leases as therein-before given to the said George Augustus North, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frederick Montague, and their Heiis, during the Life of the said Francis now Earl of Guilford, in Trull to support the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the first and every other Son of the Body of the said Francis now Earl of Guilford, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Honourable Frederick North the Third Son of the said Frederick formerly JEarl of Guilford, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment, of Waste, with the like Powers of making Leases-, with Remainder to the Use of the said William Earl of Dartmouth and Frederick Montague, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Frederick North, in Trult to preserve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the first and every other Son of the Body of the said Frederick North, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Testator’s own right Heirs for ever: And whereas the said Frederick, formerly Earl of Guilford, departed this Life some Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, without altering or revoking the Devises and Limitations contained in his-said Will, and herein-before Hated, and thereupon the said George Au. gujlus Lotd North succeeded to the Title and Dignity of Earl of Guilford r And whereas the said Frederick Earl of Guiford intermarried with Anne Speke on or about the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and left Issue the said George Augustus, his eldest Sen, and the said Francis now Earl of Guilford, and the said Frederick North and Three Daughters, namely, the Right Honourable Katherine Ann, now the Wife of the Right Honourable Sylvester Lord Gler.bervie-, the Right Honourable Ann, now the Wife of the Right Honourable John Lord Stef* field; and the Honourable Lady Charlotte, now the Wife of John Lind,ay Esquire: And whereas the said George Augustus Earl of Guiljord had one Son, George Augujus North, who departed this Life without llfue in the

Life.

3343

49° GGEORGII Iir. Cap. 162.

Life-time of his Father, the said George Augustus, late Earl of Guilford: And whereas the said George Augustus Earl of Guilford, after the Death of his first Wife, intermarried with Susannah Couth on or about the Twenty-eighth Day of Feb^uaryOnt thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: And whereas the said George Augustus late Earl of Guilford, duly signed and published his last Will and Teitament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, and thereby, after directing that all his just Debts, and his Funeral and Testamentary Expences, should be paid as soon as might be after his Decease; and reciting the said Will of the said Frederick, formerly Earl of Guilford, he the said George Augustus Earl of Guilford did give and devise all that the Remainder or Reversion in Fer-simple expectant and to take Effect in Possession upon the Determination of the several I Ifes or Estates, which by the said therein and herein-before recired Will were respectively limited or created, previous to the ultimate Limitation therein contained, to the Use of the said Frederick formerly Earl of Guilford’s own right Heirs as aforesaid, of and in all and every the Manors, Messuages, Farm?, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Real Estates, which were so given and devised in and by the said Will, as and in Manner therein and herein-before mentioned, and of and in the Right', Members and Appurtenances thereto belonging; but subject nevertheless to the several Charges affecting the fame, and to the Payment of so many of his just Debts as his residuary Personal Estate, and the Produce of the Real E'late therein-after devised, in Trust, to be fold, should be insufficient tp satisfy or discharge, (which Remainder was then vested in him the said George Augustus Earl of Guilford, as the right Heir of his said Father), unto the said Wil'iam Earl of Dartmouth and Robert Lord Hobart, and their Heirs, to the several Uses and upon the several Trulls therein after expressed, and herein-after recited; (that is to say), to the Use of the first and every other Son of him the said George Augustus, then Earl of Guilford, begotten, or to be begotten, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail, with Remainder to the Use of the Three Daughters of the Testa-for (the said George Augustus Earl of Guilford), Lady Maria North, Lady Safari North, Lady Georgina North, and of all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the Body of him the said George Augustus Lari of Guilford begotten, or to be begotten, to be equally divided between or among them, Share and Share alike, as Tenants in Common in Tail Male, with Cross Remainders between or among them, in Tail Male; and if all the said Daughters, save One, should die without Issue Male, to the Use of that surviving Daughter in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the Body of the said Francis North, now Francis Earl of Guilford, begotten and to be begotten, to be equally divided between or amongst them, (if more than One), Share and Share alike, as Tenants in Common, in Tail Male, with cross Remainders between or among them, in Tail Male; and if all the said Daughters, save One, should die without Issue Male, or if there should be but One such Daughter, to the Use of that One or only Daughter in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Use of all and every the Daughters and Daughter of the said Frederick North, to be equally divided between or among them, if more than One, Share and Share alike, as Tenants in Common, in-Tail Male, with cross Remainders between or among them, in Tail Male; and if all the said Daughters, save One, should die without Issue Male, or if there should be but One such Daughter, to the Use of that One or 10 only

49° GGEORG 11 III. Cap. 162.

only Daughter, in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Use of the Honour* able Frederick North Douglas, the only Son of the said Lady Katherine Ann Glenbervie, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waite, with the usual Power of leafing for Tw'enty-one Years at Rack-rents, with Remainder to the Use of the said William Earl of Dartmouth and Robert Lord Iicbart, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Frederick North Douglas, in Trull to support the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the first and every other Son of the Body of the said Frederick North Douglas lawfully to be begotten, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in l’ail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Second, Third, and every other Son and Sons of the said Lady Katharine Ann Glenbervie, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the first and every other Son of the Body of the said Lady Sheffield, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Life of the first and every other Son of the Lid Lady Charlotte Lindsay, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Malej and for Default of such KTue, to the Use of the right Heirs of the Right Honourable Francis then formerly Earl of Guilford, the Grandfather of the said George Augustus Earl of Guilford; and the said George Augu/lus Earl of Guilford appointed his Wife Susan, now Dowager Countess of Guilford, the Right Honourable Robert Lord Hobart now Earl of Buckinghamshire, John Sullivan of Richings, Esquire, now the Right Honourable "John Sullivan, and Thomas Coutts Esquire, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, to be the Guardians of all his Children, during their respective Minorities: And whereas the said George Augustus, la'e Earl of Guilford, departed this Life on or about the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, without having altered or revoked his said Will: And whereas the said George Augustus, late Earl of Guilford, left no Issue Male, but left Issue the said Lady Maria, and also left lifue by his second Wife, Lady Susan- and LaJy Georgina North, and no other Child; and upon the Decease of the said George Augustus Earl of Guilford, the said Francis, now Earl of Guiford, succeeded to the said Title and Dignity: And whereas such of the said Estates deviled by the herein-before recited Will of the said Frederick, formerly Earl of Guiford, as are fituare in the said County of Northampton, are subject to a Mortgage Debt of Twenty thousand Pounds, charged thereupon by Indentures of Lease and Release, beating Date respectively the Eighth and Ninth Days cl April One thousand seven hundred and ninety one, the Release being of Ten Parts, and made between the said Frederick, formerly Earl of Guilford, of the Firff Part; the said William Ear! of Dartmouth, the Right Honourable John Peyto, Lord Willoughby dc Broke, and the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Pelham, of the Sec md Part; the Honourable and mcfl Reverend Father in God Brownlow Lord Bishop of Winchester, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, of the Third Part; the said John Peyto, Lord Willoughby Je Broke, of the Fourth Part; the Right Honourable Hencage Earl ot Aylesford, of the Fifth Part; Roach Harley Widow, of the Sixth Part; the said William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frederick Montague, of the Seventh Part; Sir William Wynne Knight, of the Eighth Part; William Chamberlayne Esquire, of the Ninth Part; and Joseph White Gentleman, of the Tenth Part; whereby, in Corifideratinn el Twenty thousand Pounds, paid to or on the Account of the fani ' " * Frederick

3345

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 162.

Frederick Earl of Guilford, by the fai l Sir William Wynne, as in the said Indenture of Release is memioned, he, the said Frederick arl of Guilford conveyed unto the said Sir William Wynne, his Heirs and Assigns, the said Estates in the said C unty of Northampton, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said Sir William Wynne, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, subject to a Proviso or Condition, and Covenant or Agreement, contained in the said Indenture of Release, for Redemption of the said Hereditaments by the said Frederick Earl of Guiford, his Heirs, Executors, Adminillrafors, or Assigns, on Payment by him or them, unto the said Sir William Wynne, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, with Interest for the fame, after the Rate, on or at the Days or Times, and in the Manner therein mentioned, for Payment of the fame respectively: And whereas by an Indenture, bearing Date on or about the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and made between the said Francis now Earl of Guilford of the One Parr, and Thomas Coutts Esquire, William Adam Esquire, One of His Majesty's Counsel in the Law, Solicitor General to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and Sir James Graham Baronet, then fames GrahamfLfqmxt, of theother Part, for the Considerations therein mentioned, the said Francis, now Earl ot Guilford, did grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said Thomas Coutts, William Adam, and Sir fames Graham, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and every the Manors or Lordships, Farms, Lands, Tithes, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises whaJoever, of him the said Francis, now Earl of Guilford, situate, lying, and being in the several Counties of Kent, Middle fix, Fffex, Cambridge, Oxford, Northampton, and Warwick, or in any or either of them, or elsewhere, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, with every of their Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also all and Angular other the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whatsoever, whereof the said Francis now Earl of Guilford was then seized, possessed, or entitled, of or for any Estate of Inheritance in anywise howsoever, five and except all Advowsons and Rights of Presentation to any Church or Ecclesiastical Benefice, with their Appurtenances; to hold the fame unto the said Thomas Coutts, William Adam and Sir fames Graham, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if the said Francis, now Fail of Guilford, should so long live, to be determined as therein-after mentioned, without Impeachment of Wade; subject nevertheless to the several Mortgage Debts, Annuities, and other Incumbrances affetting the fame, and to the Trusts thereir.-after declared, of and concerning the same, under the Yearly Rem of a Pepper Corn; and it was by the said Indenture declared, that the Demise therein-before made to the said Thomas Coutts, William Adam, and Sir fames Graham, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, was upon Trust, that they should, from Time to Time, and at all Times, during the Continuance of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years thereby demised, let the said Premises (except the Premises in Oxford, Kent, and Cambridge') for any Term of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one, or manage the lame in such Manner as they should think adviseable, and to receive and take all the Yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits, from Lady-day then last to grow due and payable in respect of the said Manors, Hereditament, and Premises, and should pay, apply, and dispose of the fame, in the first Place, towards the keeping down all the Intertit then due, and to grow due, in respetL \Loc. Id Fer-2 37 /

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 162.

of the Mortgage Debts, and other Incumbrances then subsisting thereon, and all Expences of the Trusts thereby created, and in defraying all Outgoings on the said Manors and Hereditaments, and all Expences of Renewals, and all Fee Farm Rents, and all other Charges affecting the fame Hereditaments, or any of them; a d should, in the next Place, pay unto or to the Order of the said Francis now Earl of Guilford, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of the said Perm of Nine-nine Years, and the Trusts thereby created, the neat annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds, Quarterly; the first Portion to be pain on the Eighteenth Day of May then instant, and subject thereto, should, from Time to-Time, apply and dispose of all the Kelidue of such Rems and Profits, in or towards the Payment and Discharge of all Sums of Money then due, or which should thereafter be due, from the said Francis now Earl of Guilford, unto the said Thomas Coults, his Executo s, A ministrators, or Assigns, or unto the said William Adam and Sir 'James Graham, or either of them, for Money advanced, or to be advancer!, by them, or either of them, together with all Inrereft due, or thereafter to grow due thereon respectively, from the respective Times of the Advancement thereof, until the Whole should have been paid; and in case after such Paynn nc there should remain a Surplus, the fame was to be paid over, for the Benefit of the said Francis, now Earl of Guilford, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: And whereas the said Lady Maria North, Lady Susannah North, and Lady Georgina North, are Infants, under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said Francis, now Earl of Guilford, hath no issue: And whereas the said Frederick North hath no issue: And whereas the said Katharine Ann, Lady Glenkcrvie, hath issue the said F ederick Sylvester North Douglas, and no other Child, and the said Frederick Syl-vejicr North Douglas is an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said Ann Lady Sheffield hath issue George Augustus Frederick Charles and Ann Frederica Katharine, both Infants, and no other issue: And whereas the said Lady Charlotte Lindsay hath no issue: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Release being of Five Parts, and made between the Reverend Charles Saunderson Miller, of the First Part; Fiennes Trotman Esquire the Elder, and Fiennes Troiman Esquire the younger, of the Second Part; Thomas Carter Esquire, of the Third Part; Thomas Loggen Gentleman, of the Fourth Part; and George Kinder ley Gentleman, of the Fifth Part; certain Hereditaments therein particularly mentioned, situate at North Newington and Drayton, in the County of Oxford, have been conveyed, and do now Hand limited to such Uses, upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Put poles, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, as the said Thomas Carter, by any Deed or Deeds, or Instrument or Instruments, in Writing, with or without Power of Revocation, to be by him sealed and delivered, in the Presence of, and attested by, Two or more credible Witnesses, shall from Time to Time direct or appoint; and in Default of such Direction or Appointment, to the Ufa of the said Thomas Carter and his Assigns, during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waite; and after the Determination of that Estate, to the Use of the said Thomas Loggen, and his Heirs, during the Life of the said Thomas Carter, inTrutt for him and his Assigns; and ;alter the Decease of the said Thomas Carter, to the Use of the Heirs and Assigns of the said *■ Thomas

3347

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 162.

Thomas Carter for ever: And whereas the Hereditaments comprised in the lastly herein-before recited Indentures, immediately adjoin to Wrox'ton Park, and other principal Parts of the said Estates, in the County of Oxford, devised by the said Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford, and George Augustus Eatl of Guilford, respectively, as herein before is mentioned; and the same are particularly mentioned in the Firit Schedule to this present Act: And whereas a Part of the said devised Edate is situate at Chipping Warden, in the County of Northampton, adj >ini g to the Estate of the said Thomas Carter, and the fame is particularly mentioned in the Second Schedule to this present Act: And whereas an Exchange of the Hereditaments comprised in the lastly herein-before recited Indentu es, for the said Part of the said devised Estate of the said Frederick Eail of Guilford, is very defirab'e to the Persons claiming under the said Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford, and George Augustus Eatl of Guilfrd, and to the said Thomas Carter, his Heirs and Assigns; and it hath been agreed to by the said Francis Earl of Guilford, and the said Thomas Carter, by Writing under their respective-Haiids: And whereas the said Francis Earl of Guilford is desirous that certain detached Parts of the Estate devised by the said Wills, may be fold, and the Money arising from the Sales thereof applied in the Discharge of the said Mortgage Debt of Twenty-thousand Pounds; and the Residue thereof, if any, laid out in the Purchase of Elftates, convenient to be held with the Bulk of the said IVroxton Estate: And whereas the Third Schedule to this present Act contains a Particular of the Estates proposed to be sold by the said Francis Earl of Guilford, as herein-before mentioned: And whereas the said proposed Exchange and Sales are highly desirable for the Persons beneficially interested under the said Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford, and George Augustus Earl of Guilford, respectively; and the said Sir William Wynne is contenting to the fame; bur, on Account of the Devises contained in the said Wills, the said Exchange or Sales cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And wheieas by an Act made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds, lying in the Manor and Parish sfChipping Warden, in the County ^Northampton, it was enacted, that one Annual Sum or Yearly Rent Charge of Two hundred Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, should be issuing and going out of ftl and every the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in the Common Fields of Chipping Warden aforesaid, which, by virtue of the Act now in recital, or after passing the fame, should belong unto, or be vested in, the Right Honourable Francis then Lord Guilford, and should be payable and paid to the Reverend John Spencer, the then Rector of the Pa rift) Church of Chipping Warden, aforesaid, and his Successors, Rectors of Chipping Warden aforesaid, for ever, at or in the Porch of the Parish Church of Chipping Warden, free from all Deductions for or in respect of any Taxes, Charges, or AfleHments, taxed or unposed, or to be charged or assessed upon the Premises out of which the said Annuity or Rent Charge was to issue, by any then present erf ibsequent Act of Parliament, or for or in respect of any other Reprizes whatsoever, at or on the Feasts of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of Our Lord Christ, and the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, by equal Portions; the First Payment thereof to begin and be made at or oil the Feait of the Birth of our Lord Christ which should be- in

• the

334»

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 162.

the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; and by the Laid Act, usual Powers of Distress and Entry, and Detention of Possession, and Perception of Rents, Ilfues, and Profits, were given to the said John Spencer, and his Successrrs, Rectors of Chipping Warden atore-fai 1, for enabling him and them to recover and compel Payment of the said Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Two hundred Pounds, when in Arrear: And whereas the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Chipping Warden aforesaid, which, by virtue of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majest) King George the Second, were vested in the Did Francis Lord Guilford, are included among the Elfates devised by the said Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford, and George Auguf-tus Earl of Guilford, respectively, as herein-before is mentioned; and Part of the fame Lands is included among the Hereditaments particularly mentioned in the Second and Third Schedules to this present Act: And whereas by reason that the said Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Two hundred Pounds is issuing out of all and each Part of the said Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Chipping Warden aforesaid, which, by virtue of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, were vested in the said Francis then Earl of Guilford, the Exchange and Sales intended to be made by the said Francis, now Earl of Guilford, cannot take Effect to Advantage without the Lands and Hereditaments so to be exchanged and fold are discharged from the Payment of the said Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Two hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Francis now Earl of Guilford is the Lord of the Manor of Chipping Warden, and Patron of the Advowson of the Church of Chipping Warden, and the Honourable and Reverend Henry Lewis Hobart is Rector of the said Parish Church, and the said Rectory lies within the Diocese of the Lord Bishop of Peterborough: And whereas the Messuages or Tenements, and Pieces or Parcels of Ground and other Hereditaments, particularly mentioned in the FourthSchedule to this present Act,are Part of the Estates devised by the said Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford, and George Augustus Earl of Guilford, and are now of the Yearly Value of Two hundred and five Pounds Five Shillings, subject to Land-tax, and are in all respects more beneficial to the said Rector and his Successors than the said Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Two hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Fra< els, now Earl of Guilford, hath proposed to the Right Reverend Spencer Lord Bishop of Peterborough, and to the said Henry Lew s Hobart, that the said Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Two hundred Pounds shall become merged in and extinguished on the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, out of or upon which the fame is charged; and that the said Messuages or Tenements, Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and other Hereditaments, comprized in the said Fourth Schedule to this present Act, shall be vested in the said Henry Lewis Hobart and his Successors, Rectors ot Chipping Warden aforesaidj for ever, in lieu or by way of Exchange, of or for the said Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of 1 wo hundred Pounds; but the said Proposal, though very beneficial both to the said Rector and his Successors, and to the said Francis now Earl of Guilford, and the Persons beneficially interested in or entitled to the Estates devised by the said Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford, and George Augustus Earl of Guilford, cannot be carried into Effect without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Francis Eail of Guilford, John Lord Sheffield on behalf of the said George Augustus Frederick Charles and Ann Frederica Katherine, his Infant Children;

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163.

3349

dren; and the said Sylvester Lord G/enbervir, for and on Behalf of the-said Frederick Sylvster North Douglas, his Infant Child; and the said Ro’ert Earl of Buckingbamshire, and Su/an Dowager Countess of Guilfo’d, as Joint Guardians with the said John Sullivan and Thomas Coutts of the said Lady Maria North, Lady Susan North, and Lady Georgina North, the Infant Children of the said George Augustus late Earl of Guilford, do pray Your Majesty; and the said Frederick North, and the said John Sullivan, Thomas Coutts, as Joint Guardians with the said Robert Earl of Buckingbamshire and Susan Countess Dowager of Guilford, of the f.tid Lady Maria North, Lady Susan North, and Lady Georgina North, do mofi humbly pray Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present f’arliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That £'r^Carter^ the Ileredi aments particularly mentioned in the First Schedule to this toth.-uses Ad, being the Estates firuate at North Newington and Drayton, in the fubiirtuig'n County of Oxford, with their Appurtenances, shall immediately, from Ealie. and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby veiled in William Earl of Dartmouth and the said Sir James Graham, and their Heirs, to such of the Uses, upon and for such of the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, untier, and subject to such of the Powers, Provisoes,

Directions, a d Declarations, which, under and by virtue of the said Wills of the said Frederick formerly Earl of Guilford, and George Augustus late Earl of Guilford, and the said Indentures of the Eighth and Ninth Days of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and the said Indenture of the Seventeenth of May One thousand eighr hundred and two would now be subsisting and capaole of taking effect of and in the Hereditaments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, if the present Act had not p.iffed, and freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all Ellate, Right, Title, Intermit, Claim, and Demand whatsoever. of the said Thomas Carter, his Heirs, Appointees, or Assigns, and ail and every Persons and Person whomsoever, legally or equitably claiming or to claim by, from, through, under, or in 1 rufl for him, them, or any of them, the Land Tax ol which hath been redeemed, and to be in Exchange for and in lieu of the Hereditaments hereinafter vested in the said Thomas Carter, his Heirs and Assigns.

II. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That Proviso of Rein case the said Thomas Carter, his Heirs or Assigns, shall at any lime ofvn-’caster, hereafter, without his or their wilful Neglect or Default, be lawfully evicted his Heirs or from < he Poffrllion and Enjoyment of the Hereditaments herein-after veiled bem8

in him the said Thames Carter, his Heirs and Alligus, by or through any Dtfrft of Title exilting in the fame Hereditaments prior to this Act; then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Thomas Carter, his Lleirs cr Assigns, i:i, to, and upon the Hereditaments hereby vested in the said Waliam Earl of Dartmouth, and Sir James Graham, and their Heirs or any Part thereof, in the N me of the Whole to enter, and the fame, and every Part of the fame, to have again, repossess, and enjoy, as in his and their former EfhUe.

lit. And be it further enacted, That the Hereditaments, particularly ^e^jl,0efof mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, being the Eftaie fituare at fin Iford Chipping Warden, in the County of Northampton, being Parcel of- the

[Loc, IA Per.]

Estates Efg,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 162.

F.states comprized in and devised by the said Wills of the said Frederic* formerly Earl of Guilford, and George Augustus late Earl of Guilford, respectively, as herein-before is mentioned, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall immediately, from and after the parting of this present Act, be, and the same are hereby thenceforth verted in the said Thomas Carter, and his Heirs, to the Uses, upon and for the Irurts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations in the said Indenture of the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, expressed and contained of and concerning the said Hereditaments, comprized in the said Firit Schedule to this present Act, but subject to the Land Tax henceforth to become due or payable in respect of the fame, freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of him the said Francis now Earl of Guilford, and every other Person whomsoever, now having or claiming, or who shall or may hereafter have or claim any Ertate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, in or to the said Hereditaments hereby verted in the said Thomas Carter, his Heirs and Assigns, under the said Wills of the said Fuderick formerly Earl of Guilford, and George Augustus late Earl of Guilford, or the said Indentures of the Eighth and Ninth Days of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and to be in Exchange for and in lieu of the Hereditaments hereby verted in the said William Earl of Dartmouth and Sir James Graham, and their Heirs as aforesaid.

Proviso of Re* ntry for the Earl of Guilford 3 being evicted from Mr. Carter * liftate.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in case the said Francis now Earl of Guildford, or any other Person or Persons, who, under or by virtue of this present Act of Parliament, shall have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments hereby verted in the said William Earl of Dartmouth and Sir James Graham, and their Heirs, shall at any Time hereafter be, without his or their wilful Negtedt or Default, lawfully evicted from the Poll'eUion and Enjoyment of the lame Hereditaments, by or through any Defect of the Title of the said Thomas Carter to the said Hereditaments, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Francis Earl of Guilford, or any other Person or Persons so claiming or to claim under or by virtue of this present Act, any Ertate, Right, Title, or Interest, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments herein-before verted in the said William Earl of

Dartmouth and Sir James Graham, and their Heirs, to enter into and upon the Hereditaments hereby verted in the said Thomas Carter, his Heirs and Assigns; and the lastmentioned Hereditaments shall, immediately front and after such Entry, and for ever thenceforth be and remain, to the Uses, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purpose>, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Declarations which would then have been subsisting, or capable of taking Effect, in the Hereditaments hereby verted in the said Thomas Carter, his Heirs and Assigns, if this present Act had not pad'ed.

r-'werto Eaii V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and ^nd Sir James ^0T la‘^ William Earl of Dartmouth, and Sir James Graham, and the Graham to Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, at any fcl1* Time or Times after the passing of this Act, by and with the Consent

and

3 35*

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 162.

and Approbation of the said Francis Earl of Guilford, during his Life, fuels-Consenttobe testified by some Writing under his Hand and Seal, and after his Decease, with the Approbation of the Person or Persons who shall for the Time being be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments particularly mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act, being a further Part of the Estates situate in the County of Northampton, under the said Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford and George Augustus Earl of Guilford, if such Person or Persons respectively shall be of full Age, and if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then, with the Approbation of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, such Approbation to be testified by so.ne Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to fell, dispose of, and convey, by way of absolute Sale, all or any Part of the Hereditaments mentioned in the said Third Schedule to this Act, either altogether or in Parcels, and either by public Auction or private Contraft, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at the best Price or Prices, and for the mod Money that can, at the Time of such Sale or Sales, be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, and do and shall upon Payment of the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies, as herein-after directed, convey and allure the fame Premises so fold, with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of such Person or Persons who shall have contrafted for such Purchase or Purchases, or as he or they shall direct or appoint; and that for the Purpose of effecting such Dispofuions and Conveyances, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said William Earl of Dartmouth and Sir James Graham, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor,by any Deed or Deeds, In-strument or Instruments in Writing, sealed and delivered by them or him, in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, absolutely to revoke, determine, and make void, all and every or any of the Devises, Trusts, Limitations, Charges, Provisoes, and Declarations expressed and contained in the said Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford and George Augustus Earl of Guilford, or created under the Trusts or Powers therein respectively contained, so far as the fame affect: the Hereditaments mentioned in the said Third Schedule (but without Prejudice to the then subsisting Leases of the fame Hereditaments); and by the fame, or any other Deed or Deeds,instrument or InstrumentsinWriting, to limit, declare direct and appoint any Use or Uses, or Trust or Trusts, of, in, or concerning the said Hereditaments, or any Parc or Parts thereof, which it shall be thought necessary or expedient to limit, declare, direct, or appoint, in order to eifeftuate such Sales, Dispositions, and Conveyances as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising from the said Money anting Sale or Sales to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid in Manner lj,c ®al'* herein-after mentioned, (that is to say,) until such Time as the said Sum olfcharge of Twenty thousand Pounds, secured to the said Sir William Wynne by the of the ao.ooool. Indentures of the Eighth and Ninth Days of April One thousand leven the Bank hundred and ninety-one, as herein-before is mentioned, shall be discharged, the Purchaser and Purchasers of any of the Hereditaments herein-before authorized to be sold, or other Person or Persons taking any Part of the fame Hereditaments in Exchange, shall pay his or their respective Purchase or other Consideration Money, or a competent Parc thereof, in or towards the Discharge of the same Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds j and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Sir William Wynne, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Alligns, for the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds,.

and

3352 49° GEORGjI 1 III. Cap. 162.

and thelnterest thereof, or the Part or Paris of the fame, which shall from Time to Time be paid, shall be a sufficientDischarge, or sufficient Discharges, to the Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons making any such Payment or Payments.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall be found advantageous to fell the said Hereditaments in Parcels, and the Whole of the Purchases cannot be completed at the fame lime, and the said Sir William Wynne, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to receive any Part of the said Sum of 1 wenty thousand Pounds, until the Whole can be paid off ana dischirged, that then and in such Case all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise from any Sale or Sales to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom any such Sale or Sales shall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte " the Purchasers of the settled Estates of Frederick formerly

" Earl of Guilford, and George Augustiu late Earl of Guilford, " pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act oi the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without fee or Reward, according to the Act of the and a comp-- Twelfth Year erf His late Majesty King George the Second, Chapter ii nt Part to he Twenty-four; and under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be char eoPtfce obtained upon a Petition in a summary Way, by c r on Behalf of the Pur--o'ooool. chafer or Purchasers paying in his, her, or their Purchase Money, or his,

Co(Uof*tt’ thC ^er’ or l^£*r RePTefelltat*ves j and by or on Behalf of the Per on or Per-

Ao, Sic, fons who would, under the Limitations contained in the said Wills, have been entitled in Possession to the Hereditaments contained in the said Third Schedule, if this Act had not been made, (if such Person or Persons respectively shall be of full Age, but if not, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, during hi-, her, or their Minority or Minorities), a competent Part of the Sum or Sums of Money l'o paid into the Bank by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and applied in Discharge of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, and the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and incident to the Execution of this Act; and after Payment of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, and the said Colls, Charges, and Expences, the Surplus or Residue, if any, which shall remain of the Monies arising from the Sale of the Hereditaments contained in the said Third Schedule, shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who shall for the Time being be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments mentioned in the said Third Schedule under or by virtue of the Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford and George Augujiut Earl of Guilford, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out in the Purchase of any Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may respectively be approved of by the said Court of Chancery, as being convenient to be holden or enjoyed with the Bulk of the said Wroxton Eltatr, and upon and from, and immediately after the making such Purchase or Purchases, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall be conveyed, settled, and assured to, for, and upon such and J > many of

i the

3353

49* G E ORGII III. Cap. 162,

the Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such and so many of the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Restrictions as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect, under or by virtue of the said Wills of the Laid Frederick Earl of Guilford and George dugujlus Earl of Guifsrd, of or in the several Estates thereby respectively devised, which shall then remain unfold and unexchanged.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Money which shall be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General, in Manner here-in-before directed, shall in the Meantime, and until the said Monies shall be applied in the Manner and for the Purposes herein-before respectively directed, be, from Time to Time, laid out in the Purchase of Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills; and the liuereft arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the lame, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, and Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Transport and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain, until the fame, or a competent Part thereof, shall. upon Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery in a fumnvary Way, determined by or on Behalf of the said Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and the P,:rfon or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so to be purchased, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General, for the paying off and discharging the said Mortgage; and the RefiJueof such Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills, shall remain until the fame, upon a Petition 10 be preferred as aforesaid by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditame ts so to be purchased, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General, for the Purpose of defraying the said Cods, Charges, and Expences, and completing any Purchase hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner as the Lid Court shall thin e just and direct; and if the Money arising by the Sale of any such Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills, which diali have been purchased as aforesaid, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or PerLns respectively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Land? directed to be purchased, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Att, or to the Personal Representative of such Person or Person-'.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cashiefs of the Bank, to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Rrgifter Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England of any Sum or Sums of Money hereby directed to be paid into the fame, shall, from Time to Time, be, and be deemed to be good and effectua Discharges to the Person or Pen ns paying the fame, and to his or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the Sum or Sums of Money for which such Cer-tificaies and Receipts shall be respectively given, and after filing such

[Lee. iff Per.J 37 L Certificates

Application of

Purchase

M.nich*

Receipt of the Casier,

wiih the Accountant Ge« neral’s Certificate, to be Difchtrgcs to Pirfona paying Money into the hank*

3354-

The icol.

Rent-charge

n-.cigsd.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 162.

Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, the Person or Persons paying the Money therein mentioned, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if both or either of them, the said (■Villiam Earl of Dartmouth and Sir James Graham, or any future Trustee or Trustees who shall succeed to or shall be appointed in the Stead of them, or either of them, as herein-after is mentioned, shall die, or shall desire to relinquish, or shall refuse or decline to ad, or become incapable to ad in the Trulls or Powers hereby reposed in them or him, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed; then, and lo often as any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, in a luminary Way, upon the Petition of such Person or Persons as lor the Time being shall be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the-IIerediraments hereby made saleable, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, or if such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then, upon the Petition of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Stead or Plate of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or retufing, declining, or becoming incapable to act, as aforesaid; and when and so soon and as often as any such Order shall be made, all the Estates and Powers which shall be then vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desirous of being discharged, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to ad, or going out of Great Eritain, as aforesaid, either solely or jointly with the other Trustee, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred in such Son and Maimer, and so, that the fame Estates and Powers shall and may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee thereof, and such new or other Trustee or Trustees, or in such new Trustees only, as the Caie may require, upon the fame Trusts, and for the lame Intents and Purposes, and with the lame Powers as are herein.before declared, of and concerning the Estates comprized in the said Third Schedule to this Act; and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may, in all Things, ad in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts hereby created, as fully and effectually, and with the lame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally by this Act nominated a Trustee or Trustees fur the Purposes aforesaid.

XI. And be it hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Principal Sum or yearly Rent Charge of Two hundre i Pounds, which by virtue of the said rid of Parliament of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, is payable to the said Henry Lewis Hobart and his Successors, Redors of Chipping Warden aforesaid, shall, immediately lrom and after the passing of tins present Act, be, and the lame is hereby merged and extinguished, in the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon or out of which the lame is chargeJ or issuing, and be no bnger payable; and that the Merger or Extindion of the iame shall be in Exchange for and in lieu of ilie Messuages, or Tenements, and other Hereditaments herein-after vested in the said Henry Lew s Hobart and his Successors, Redors of Chipping War Jen aforesaid.

7

3355

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 162.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in case the said Henry Lewis Hobart, or any of his SuccefTars, Rectors of Chipping Warden aforesaid, shall, at any Time hereafter, without his or their wilful Neglect or Default, be 'awfully evicted from the PolfeGion and Enjoyment of the Hereditaments herein after vested in the said Henry lewis Hobart and his Soccerfors, Rectors of Chipping Warden aforesaid, by or through any Defect of Title exilting in the said Hereditaments prior to this Act; then, and in such Case, the said Annual Sum and yearly Rent of Two hundred Pounds shall immediately revive, and be thenceforth issuing and going out of all and every the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, charged with the fame by virtue of the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and shall belong unto, and be veiled in, the said Henry Lewis Hobart, or other, the Rector of Chipping Warden aforesaid, for the Time being, and his Successors, Rectors of Chipping Warden aforesaid, and shall be paid and payable in the Manner, on or at the Days or Times, and be attended with the fame Powers and Remedies for enforcing and compelling Payment of the fame, as if this present Act had not passed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the MefTuagrs or Tenements, and other Hereditaments particularly mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, with the Appurtenances, shall, immediately from, and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Henry Lewis Hebart and his Successors, Rectors of Chipping Warden aforesaid, subject to the Land Tax henceforth to become due and payable in respect of the fame, but freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against ail Dilates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever of him the said Francis now Earl of Guilford, and every other Per on whomsoever, now having or claiming, or who shall or may hereafter have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, Intrrefl, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in or to the said Hereditaments hereby vested in the said Henry lewis Hobart and his Successors, Rectors of Chipping Warden aforesaid, under the said Wills

»>ol the said Frederick formerly Earl of Guilford, and George Auguflm late Earl of Guiford, or the said Indentures of the Eighth and Nin !i Days of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and to be in Exchange for or in lieu of the said Annual Sum or yearly Rent of Two hundred Pounds, hereby merged and extinguished as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the said William Earl of Dartmouth and Sir James Graham, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, to purchase any Leasehold Interestor Interests of the Tenant or Tenants of any of the Lands and Hereditaments mentioned in the Second, Thrd, and Fourth Schedules to this present Act, at or for such Price or Prices in Money, or at or for such other Equivalent as to them or him shall feemreasonable, and thereupon a competent Part of the said Sum or Sums ot Money paid into the Rank by virtue of this Act shall, upon Petition Po the said Court of Chancery, as herein-before is mentioned, be paid and applied in the Purchase of the said Leasehold Inrercft or Interests respectively, and the Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the Purchase or Purctiafes of the fan e;

and

Hereditaments contained in the Fourth she-dnle,verted in the Sector of Ch pping Warden.

3356

power to the

Court ot < hmcery to make Order and g:ve Directions*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 162.

and the said Lesfehold Interests shall thereupon be assigned and disposed of, so as and in such Manner as that the same shall either be merged in and consolidated with the Freehold and Inheritance of the fame Freehold, Hereditaments respectively, or be made attendant Terms upon the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, from Time to Time, to make such Orders, and give such Directions, for effecting the Exchanges, Sales, Purchases, Receipts, Payments, Investments, Conveyances, Settlements, Assignments, Mergers, Affiurances, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, hereby directed or authorized to be made, done, or executed, and for the Pajment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences which have been incurred in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, or preparatory thereto, or which shall be incurred in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of the lame into Execution, as the said Court of Chancery shall in its Discretion think fit.

XVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, other than and except the said Thomas Carter, his Heirs, Appointees, and Assigns, and the said Francis Earl of Guilford, and the First and every other Son of the said Francis Earl of Guilford, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the said Frederick North and his First and every other Son, and the Heirs Male of Their respective Bodies, and the said Lady Maria, Lady Susan, and Lady Georgina North, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the Daughters of the said Francis Earl of Guijord, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the Daughters of the said Frederick North, and the Heirs Mile of their respective Bodies, and the said Frederick Syhester North Douglas, and the First and every other Son of the said Frederick Syhester North Douglas, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the Second and every other Son hereafter to be born to the said Katharine Ann Lady denier vie, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and First and every other Son of the said Anne Lady Sheffield, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the First and every other Son of the said Lady Charlotte Lindsey, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the right Heirs of the said Francis formerly Earl of Guilford, and the right Heirs of the said Frederick formerly Earl of Guilford, and the right Heirs of the said George Augu/lus late Earl of Guilford, and the Trustees under the said W 11 s of the said Frederick Earl of Guilford, and George Augustus Earl of Guilford, for preserving contingent Remainders, and the said Thomas Coutts. William Adam, and Sir James Graham, and their Executots, Administrators, and Assigns, and the said Thomas Carter, his Heirs, Appointees, and Assigns, and the said Thomas Loggan, his Hens and Assigns, as the Trustee of the said Thomas Carter, and all and e>ery other Persons and Person whomsoever, having or claiming, or who (ha l or may have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, Charge, or Ititerest, in, to, or upon the Hereditaments compiized in the Second Schedule to this Act, under the said Wills of the said Frederick Earl of Guiiford, and George Augu/lus Earl of Guilford, or the said Indeutures of the Sevmth and Eighth Days of April One thousanrl seven hundred and ninety-one, and the said Indenture of the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and the said Lord Bishop of Peterborough, and his

Successors

49® GGEORGII III. Cap. 162,

Successors, Bishops of Peterborough, and the said Henry Lewis Hobart, and his Successors, Rectors of Chipping Warden, all such E late, Right, Title, and Interest, Benefit, Claim, and Demand, of, in, to, or out of the several Messuages and other Hereditaments, respectively vefied and exchanged by this Act, as they, every, or any of them had before thr passing j>f this Act, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justice.v and others.

4*0

27 M The

3157

ILoc. Es5 Ptr.l

335$

49° GEORGIII llh 'Cap. x61.

• v' ' ;ir *-• .-,ur

• ■: - :■ V 1; " ' ’?, J.i i

. ii . I <:\'"r The FIRST SCHEDULE.—Thomas Carter's Estate. Situate at North Newington and Drayton, in the County of Oxford, exchanged fir a Part of the Earl of Guilford’s Estate situate at Chipping. Warden in the County of Northampton.

T 1 " ' -1 —

! >Vi ■} I V: 1 - -.'a* Quantity. Annual Value

A. R. P. d.

FarmHouse and Buildings, Yards and Garden I 0 26 4 IO O

Home Ground Pallurel . 11 0 32~i 39 19

Furzy Ground Do. ( - . Id 3 3J

Hill Ground Arable, --Do. - . 21 3 59

The Slade 5 0 33 ( 37 *4

The Copse - j - W ood - O 311 r 9

The Spiny-pond, and Sheep-wash Wood, &c. 2 122 j

Park Ground Arable - 16 0 329

The New Allotment Do. . 21 1 4 ( 142 2

Pen Ground Do. 15 2 371 7

Townsend Ground - Do. . 14 136J

Holly Head Do. - . 13 2 301 44 4

Clover Ground Do. 11 2 7 j 4

Little Mead Meadow - 9 2 2 b

Lower Meadow Do. . 9 2 20 ( 78 2

Middle Meadow Do. 9 O 2 j O

Long Meadow Do. - >4 O IlJ

Total - 191 1 39 346 12 8

The Timber growing on this Estate is of the Value of

£•>.459-

John Pain.

OUTGOINGS.

Corn Rent to the Rector of Drayton, £.1 4 *■ Sd-

per annum, Value in Land 0 18 O

345 H 8

John Davis, as to Value.

W- H. Chamberlin, as to Quantity.

The

49* GEORGII. IIL. Cap. i 62. 3359

•w u ' i' - •J-*T ' o- " i, ' j •y

The SECOND SCHEDULE.—Chipping Warden Eftat’1, in the County of Northampton, to be exchanged for the Estate of Thomas Carter Jilq.

* \ 1

’ - . t -»

Quantity. Annual Value.

ci s y r- A. R p. C- d.

The Mill, Mill-house and Garden O O *7l

The Great Hdltfie - Merdow - 3 I 31 (to

The Upper Holme - ’Do. O 3 27 > 31 3 9

Island Holme Do. * - I 2 10

'1 he Cross ' 1 - Do. - - 1 O 5-i

Farm House, Barns, and Garden 0 I

Farm Yard and Garden, arid Cart‘Lodge Barns, Stable,^ 0 2 4 15 to O

Eight Cottages’,1 with Gardens - - 0 0 ?©,/ ., i

Knoller’s Paddock and Hop Yard; Parts of - 2 3 8 8 8 G

Town Close and Castle Yard Pasture - 14 3 32'] - i •

Captain’s C lose, and Part of Tenter Leys - y Do. * - 15 1 171 1 l8 9 0

Mebb’s Leys Meadow 12 3 3-1 r;CI

Blackmore Meadow Do. -- 10 3 24Y

Ledwell Meadow Do. 8 1* rol g

Lower’Sidehale Meadow - Do. . 6 0 35 ( 7y

Upper Sidehale Meadow - Do. 6 1 I3-'

Part of Fisher’s Hill Arable 2 12*

Part of Arnold’s Hill - Do. * IO 0 9

Part of Great Coaihvay - Do. 11 1 28 > 99 5 a

Part of Black Ground - Do. 7 1 23

Part of Lower Caldweil - Do. 1 2 3 14J

Total 13° 1 6 354 4 5

OUTGOINGS.

Land Tax per annum £-8 13;.—Value in Land 6 9 9

345 14 8

IV. H. Chambetlin, as to Quantity. John Davis, as to Value.

The Timber growing on this Estate is of the Value of £.648 10s. 6d-

John Pain.-

The

336c>

490 GGEORGII

III.

Cap. 162.

The THIRD SCHEDULE:— containing the Lands intended for Sale, being a further Part of the Estate at Chipping Warden, in the County of Northampton.

Gallows Leys ■

The Leafow '•/

Great Hand Meadow Little Hand l\jeadow t

The Grove Ground

Withycomb Spiny * - ,

Blake Leys Ground . /j»

Blake Leys Meadow I,

Butcher’s Leys - j,

Raddali’s Hill ! -

Raddalls

Raddals 4 ’

Lord’s Ground *

Long Ground Rough Hill Little Green Hill Great Green Hill1

Dry Hill -

North Sands South Sands -

Upper Coneygree

The Fox Spiny -

Middle Coneygree

Lower Coneygree

Lower Offal j -

Austin Meer -

The Fox Cover -

Upper Offal,

Upper Offal

Cow Slade -

The Hill Farm-house, Buildings, Yards, and Garden

The House Ground

Near Hollow Ground -

Far Hollow Ground - - ,

Black Hill

Coppice Ground -

Cow Slade -

Cow Slade -

Middle Ground -

Raddam Leys, Northward Ground Raddani Leys, Southward Ground Part of Lower Caldwell

Total -

Quantity.

A R p.

20 3 3-4-

5 1 26

14 I 2

9 2 10

57 3 37

© 3 O

16 I 12

7 2 18

i3 I 3°

24 0 20

8 2 22

ro 3 14

14 1 26

*5 3 5

14 ? 37

8 I 26

21 0 11

22 0 7

16 I 19

20 I 23

13 O 33

2 2 0

16 O 36

17 9 9

id 2 9

11 2 37

4 3 20

22 2 21

9 1 13

22 2 16

I 0 10

27 2 6

13 2 36

14 1 11

2 1 1 >3

IO 0 27

2 3 3 3 2

*3 3 25

l9 3 36

to 3 24

O 1 26

7 © 36

631 21

The Lands contained in this Schedule are subjeil to 22I. as. Land Tax.

John Davis. hV. H. Chamberlin, as to Quantity.

The Value of the Timber glowing upon this Estate is not less than jool.

John Pain, The

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 162.

3361

The FOURTH SCHEDULE:—Containing Lands to be given to the Re£tor, in lieu of 200/. per Annum, payable to him out of the Whole of the Chipping Warden Eliate.

Scite of Farm, Buildings, with a Yard and Garden -

Part of a Garden next to the Church Yard Scite of Cottages and Gardens, Fail of the

The Spang Pailure I 2 13 - 4 6 6

Part of Windmill Bank Do 6 1 8 14 3 8

Lower Old Down Arable 12 3 21 27 O 9

Little Old Down Do 6 I 16 13 6 9

Upper Old Down Do 14 2 34 3° 18 O

Windmill Hurd Pailure, l7 O 5 31 IO 6

Stanwell Hill Arable 8 3 3° 16 10 7

Inn Mead Meadow 7 O 21 14 5 O

Stanwell Mead Pailure IO O IO l6 3 O

Stanwell Leys Do 15 I 7 29 1 O

- IOI O 1 200 O O

Add for the Payment of the Land Tax, other

Part of Windmill Bank 2a. 1 r. 10 p. 5/. 5s. 2 1 IO

Total Quantity 103 I 11

Quantity.

I 34 o 8

Annual Value.

£■ '• d. 3 15 3

The Timber excluded, and is of the Value of not less than/.50.

John Pain.

John Davis, as to Value.

PV. H. Chamberlin, as to Quantity.

37 W

The

[Lee. & Per.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

The FIFTH SCHEDULE:—Containing the "Whole of the Earl of Guilford’s E dates, situatedat Chipping Warden, in the County of Northampton.

Tenants* Nfunet.' Number of Acre; in each Farm. Rents. Average value of. present rent per Acre. Nujr.ber of Acre* f this Farm in the Second Schedule. dumber of Acres if this Farm in the Third Schedule. Number of Acres if this Fau/n in the Fourth Schedule.

A- R- P. £ 1. i. £. s. d.

Thomas Stockley - 470 3 16 666 0 0 1 S 0 105 3 13 49 0 13 —

Elizabeth Knottier - 19 0 3 44 4 0 I IO O 903 -

[ohn Marik all . . . ua 3 4 260 0 0 1 3 0 8 1 10 IIO I 5J —

; Henry Douglas - 174 * il 242 17 0 1 t 0 22 2 16 7^> 3 30

George Douglas 83 0 3 73 0 0 0l8 O — 82 O 6 —

Owen Douglas -» 291 I It, >7* 3 0 0 19 0 — -7' a 33 —

Thomas Douglas ... 148 31 314 O O i 6 — 62 O 20 32 0 9

Benjamin Douglas - ill 1 3* 231 0 0 1 s 0 — 24 O 20 —

Samuel Wilson - *5 2 0 46 0 0 I l6 O -

The Earl of Guilford,(Woods in hind)- 1 l]i — — — 8 i 31 —

Mon. and Rev. Henry Lewis Hobart - 4 0 13 800 2 0 0 -

Richard Hawk.es - 7 io 3* 9 0 3OO 7 0 10 -

Michael Hitchcox - Waste Land. I I 0 ——

Divers Occupiers of Cottages pro-1 ducing the Annual Rent - ) 1,737 0 19 2,192 14 0 41 4 6 a*33 18 6 (•176 \ each Cottage 130 1 s and 8 Cottages 631 1 n The Scite of> Cottages J 102 3 39 0 1 ii 103 1 11

W. Wolford, Junior,

00

O'

VO

6

w

o

pa

o

O'

to

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS;

Cap. 163.

An Act for the Partition of certain settled Estates of John Wharton Esquire, situate in the Counties of York, Westmorland, and Durham.

[10th June iSog.J

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty- Death of wii-eight William Wharton, then of Gillingwood Hall in the County Wl*rt0* of York Esquire, died intestate and without Issue, and seised in Fee Simple! of the Manors of Gil ling, Fremington, Aldebrough otherwise Aldburrough, and Melfonby, in the County of York; and of the Manors of Kirbyt/jore, Barwans, otherwise Burroughs Hall, Neuubiggin, Brayton,

Dufton, and Crakenthorpe in the County of Westmorland; and of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, Redories, Tythes, Advowsons, and Hereditaments in the Counties of York, Westmorland, and Durham-: And Thj-tt whereas the said William Wharton had no Brother, but had Three Sifters, 1 ei *' namely, Anne his eldest Sifter who married Ambrose Stevenson, Margaret Wharton,• and Mary Wharton: And whereas the said Anne Stevenson died £eath of Anne in the Lifetime of the said William Wharton, leaving Two Daughters and " c'"llor'-no other issue surviving her, namely, Anne the Wife of John Hall Esquire, ,ler Daugh-who afltimed the Name of Stevenson, and Frances Stevenson: And whereas upon the Death of the said William Wharton the said Manors and Here- wifuam° ditaments defeended upon his said Nieces the said Anne Hall Stevenson and Wharton's Frances Stevenson, and his said Sifters Margaret Wharton and Mary Wharton, as his Coheirs at Law, whereby the said Anne Hall Stevenson and Frances.

{Lac. if Per.] 37 N Stevenson

3362 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163.

Anne Hill Stcvenf© 1 l>ad Two S^iis.

IV th of one of the Sons X760.

Ds.ith i»f John Hall StevcHion 1785.

Mariia^r of Joseph William Hrill Srevti.son, ar.U his Dsalh 27*6-

Stcvenfon became seised in Fee in equal Moieties of One-third Part of the said Manors' apd Hereditaments, the said Margaret Wharton ot One other Third Part, and the said Mary Wharton of the remaining Third Part: And whereas the said Anne Halt Stcvenfon had only Two Sorts, namely, John Hal! her eldeil Son and Joseph William Hall, who in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five affirmed the Name of Stcvenfon: And whereas the said John Hall the Son died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty a Bachelor and under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said John Hall Stcvenfon died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five: And whereas the said Joseph William Hall Stcvenfon married Anne Forficr Spinffer, and died in the Year One thousand fi"ven hundred and eighty-six, leaving John Wharton his eldest Son and James Wharton and Wiliam Wharton his only younger Sons, who were then respectively John Hall, James Hall, and William Hall, but have since affirmed the Name of Wharton: And whereas the said Anne

HallsStfrcenfon died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety 1790. J intestate, and upon her Death her Moiety of One-third Part of the said Manors and Hereditaments defeended upon the MxA'John Wharton her At r iaa- of Grandson and Heir: And whereas the said Frances Stcvenfon married Wil-f""c*;*J Ham Farquharson of the City of Durham Esquire, who died in the Year txr Dp’ath Oqe thousand je.ven hppdrod and eighty-seven, and the said Frances Far-*79?. quharfon died in the Year One tfioufand seven hundred and ninety-seven

intestate and without Issue, and upon her Death her Moiety of One-third Part of the said Manors and Hereditaments defeended upon the said John wm f Maty Wharton as her Great Nephew and Heir: And whereas the said Mary wii-ru,. Wharton made her Iaft Will and Testainent, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, which was duly executed and attested to pass Real Estates, and thereby alter deviling a certain Freehold Messuage with its Appurtenances in the City of York, Ihc gave and devised all the Rest and Residue of her Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Real EHates whatsoever and wheresoever to her Siller the said Margaret V/harion for her Life; with Remainder to the said Joseph William Hall Stcvenfon then Joseph William Hall, and therein by Mistake called William Joseph Hall, for his Life; with Remainder to the said John Wharton then John Hall for his Life with Remainder to draftees and their Heirs during the Life of the said John Wharton upon Trull to support contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said John Wharton successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the said James Wharton then James Hall for his Life; with Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said James Wharton upon Trull to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said James Wharton successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the said last-named William Wharton then William Hail for his Life; with Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the fame William JFhnrton upon Trull to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the lame William Wharton successively i:i Tail Male; with Remainder to the Fourth, Fifth, and other Sons of the said Joseph William Hall Stcvenfon successively in Tail Male; wffth Remainder to Henry Reve ley of Newby I life in the County of York Esquire for his Life; with Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said Henry Reveley, upon Trull to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said Henry Reveley successively in Tail Male; and the said Mary.

1 Wharton

33%

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i6j.

Wharton by her Will directed that it should be lawful for the several Tenants for Life of her devised Estates, when in Possessfion thereof, to make Leases under certain Restrictions, and (he declared her Will to be that whenever the said Joseph William Hall Stevenson, or any of his Sons or their Mue Male, or the said Henry Reveley, or any of his Sons or thei*

Mue Male, should be in the actual Possession of her Real Estates by virtue of the Devises contained in her Will, he or they should, within One Year after he or they should be in such actual Possession, take and use the Surname and Arms of Wharton only, and in Default thereof that the Iitterefl limited to the Person or Persons neglecting or refuting should cease and go.

to the next in Remainder who should take upon himself and use the Surname and Arms of Wharton only; and in default of Mue Male of the said Joseph William Hall Stevenson, and of his Sons the said John Wharton,

James Wharton, and William Wharton, and the said Henry Reveley, the said Mary Wharton devised all her Real Estates, except the said Premises in the City of York, to Thomas Wharton of Old Park near Durham Esquire, and to his Heirs for ever, he and they taking upon themselves and using the Surname and Arms of Wharton only; and the said Mary Wharton charged all her Real Estates with Payment of such of her Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences as her Personal Estate should be insufficient to satisfy:

And whereas in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six the n«thos Mary said Mary Wharton died without having altered or revoked the Devises ^ll3rto" >776-contained in her said last Will and Testament: And whereas the said will of Margaret Wharton made her last Will and Testament, bearing Date the w'^rTon. Eighteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, which was duly executed and attested to pass Real Estates, and thereby gave and devised all her Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Real Estates whatsoever, unto the said John Wharton then John Hall for his Life; with Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said John Wharton upon Trust to support contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said John Wharton successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the said James Wharton then James Ha/l for his Life; with Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said James Wharton upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said James Wharton successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the said William Wharton the Son then William Hall for his Life; with Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the fame William Wharton upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the fame William Wharton successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the said Henry Reveley for his Life; with Remainder to Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said Henry Reveley upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said Henry Reveley successively in Tail Male; and the said Margaret Wharton directed that it should be lawful for the several Tenants for Life of her devised Estates, when in Possession thereof, to make Leases under certain Restrictions; and she declared her Will to be, that whenever the said John Wharton, James Wharton, or William Wharton the Son, or their Mue Male, or the said Henry Reveley, or any of his Sons or their Mue Male, should be in the actual Possession of her Real Estates by virtue of the Devises contained in her Will, he or they should, within One Year after he or they should be in such actual Possession, take and use the Surname and Arms of Wharton only, and in Default thereof, that the

33<H

immuring ewec.

FieH Cuiic'l

Sfcoittl

Codicd.

Draili of

\\ W va

J75X.

Children cf Thomas W harlot

Ma riare of Catherine ■Wharton. Her Issue.

Her D*»:b.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163.

the Interest limited to the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing should eeafe and go to the next in Remainder who should take upon himjelf and use the Surname and Arms of Wharton only; and in Default of Issue Male

of the fame John Wharton, James Wharton, and William Wharton, and {he said Henry Revclcy, the said Margaret Wharton devised all her Real Estates to the said Thomas Wharton and his Heirs for ever, he and they taking upon themselves and using the Surname and Arms of H barton only; and the said Margaret Wharton charged all her Real Estate with the Payment of such of her Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, as her Personal Effate should be inefficient to satisfy; and she declared her Will to be, that it should be lawful for the said John Wharton, and James Wharton, and William Wharton the Sen, when they should respectively be in Possession of the said Real Estates, by Indenture or Indentures, to be sealed and delivered in the Presence of or attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to grant any annual Sum to the Use of or in Trust for any Wife or Wives whom they might respectively marry for the Life or Lives of such Wife or Wives by Way of Jointure, and in Bar or without being in Bar of Dower, to be issuing out of and charged upon all or any Part of the Real Estates of her the said Margaret Wharton; provided that no such annual Sum should exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Marriage Portion which the Person granting such annual Sum should receive with such Wife or Wives: And whereas the said Margaret Wharton afterwards made a Codicil to her said last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Twenty-seventh Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, which was duly executed and attested to pass Real Estates, and thereby she gave to Elizabeth Knoiv/ley of Thirsk in the County of York, Widow, for her Life, One clear yearly Rent Charge of One hundred Pounds, to be issuing out of all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Real Estates of her the said Margaret JFharlon, with Powers of Entry and Distress for enforcing Payment of the said Annuity when in arrear: And whereas the said Margaret Wharton afterwards made another Codicil to her said last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, which was duly executed and attested to pass Real Estates, and thereby she gave to her Servant Anne Gclden toy her Life One clear yearly Rent Charge of Five Pounds, to be inning out cf all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Real Estate of her the said Margaret Wha-i ton: And whereas in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the said Margaret Wharton died without having altered or revoked her said last Will and Testament, save as the lame is altered by the said Codicils, and without having altered the First of the said Codicils, save as the fame is altered by ihe laid Second Codicil: And whereas the said Thomas Wharton had Blue only Seven Children, namely, Robert Wharton his eldest Son, who has assumed the Name of Myddhton, Richard Wharton, Deborah Wharton now the Wife of Thomas lirand Clerk, Margaret Wharton, Elizabeth Wharton, Mary Wharton, and Catherine Wharton: And whereas in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said Catherine Wharton intermarried with Anthony Sahin Esquire: And whereas the said Anthony Sahin and Catherine his Wife had Blue only Two Children, namely, Thomas Sahin and June Sahin: And whereas in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety, the said Catherine Sahin died a And whereas the said Thomas Wharton made his last Will and Testament,.

bearing

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163. 3365

Gearing Date the Sixth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and wticf ninety-two, which was duly executed and attested to pat's Real Estates, and thereby after taking Notice that under the several last Wills of the said Mary Wharton and Margaret Wharton (first herein respectively named) there was a remote Chance that he or his Heirs might become entitled to certain c^nsiderable Real and Personal Estates according to the Appointment of the fame by the said Wills; in case such an Event should take Place, it was his W ill that One Moiety thereof should go to his Son the said Robert Wharton Myddteton, in his said Will called Robert Wharton, and his Heirs and Assigns for ever, and that the other Moiety thereof should be divided into Six equal Paris; and the said Thomas Wharton bequeathed One clear Sixth Part thereof to his Son Richard Wharton in Trust for the Benefit of the said Thomas Salvin and Anne Salvin, to be paid to the said Thomas on the Day of his attaining the Age of Twenty-one Years, and to the said Anne on the Day of her attaining the Age of Twenty-one Years or marrying, which should happen fooneff, in such Proportions as are therein-after mentioned, that is to say, Two-thirds to the said Thomas, and One-third to the said Anne; and in case the said Thomas or Anne should die before the Period or Periods above-mentioned, then the Share of him or her so dying to be paid to the Survivor of them at the Time aforesaid; and in case the said Thomas and Anne should both die before the Period or Periods above mentioned, then the said Thomas Wharton, gave and bequeathed the said clear Sixth Part to the said Richard Wharton his Heirs and Assigns for ever; and he gave and bequeathed One other Sixth Part to his said Daughter Mary Wharton her Heirs and Assigns for ever, One other Sixth Part to his said Daughter Margaret Wharton in like Manner, One other Sixth Part to his said Daughter Deborah Wharton now Deborah Brand in like Manner, and One Sixth Part to his said Daughter Elizabeth Wharton in like Manner, and the remaining Sixth Part he gave and bequeathed to the said Rickard Wharton his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas the said Thomas Wharton died in the \ car Death of One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four without have altered or f3’ revoked his said Iaft Will and Testament: And whereas the said last named i79±nun Mary Wharton, the Daughter of the said Thomas Wharton, made her last win o Miry Will and Testament, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of January One yh*fto" nis thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, which was duly executed and attested to pass Real Estates, and thereby, after reciting the said last Will and Testament of her Father, (he gave to William Hutchinson of Eggleston in the County of Durham Esquire, and John Bright of Grafton in the County of Northampton Clerk, a Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds in Trult to receive and invert the fame in Government cr Real Securities, and to pay thelnterest and Dividends thereof unto her Sifters the said Margar et Wharton,

Deborah Brand then Deborah Wharton, and Elizabeth Wharton, or unto such Person or Persons as they should respectively appoint to receive the same, in equal Shares and Proportions for and during the Term of their respective natural Lives, if they should so long continue foie and unmarried; and lhc declared that upon the Death or Marriage, which should first happen, of any One of them her said Three Sifters, the Share of such of them so dying or‘marrying of and in the said Interest and Dividends should be in Trust for the Survivors or others of them her said Sifters in equal Shares during so long Time as they should respectively Jive l'ole and unmarried; and (lie declared that upon the Death or Marriage of either of the said Two Survivors or others of her said Sifters,

\_Loc. & Per.] 37 0 the

3366

Dfath of the lame M<«<y "VV ha i ton 180*.

Death of

Thomas

Salvin.

Anne Salvin a Minor. Marii $c of Deboiah E nd. Margaret and Elizabeth Wharton unman ied. Marriage of John Wharton J hn and James VV‘ ar-t *n have no Issue Male. Mairi?ge of William Wharton and £uth of his Son.

Death of Henry Kcvcby i Soo.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 163.

the said Interest and Dividends should be in Trull for the Survivor or other of her said Three Sillers during so long a Time as (he should live foie and unmarried; and that upon the Death or Marriage of the 'I hird of her said Three Sifters, the said Portion or Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds should be in Trust for her Brothers Robert Wharton Myd-dleton then Robert Wharton, and Richard Wharton, and such of her said Sifters as should have been married, and her Nephew Thomas Salvin and her Niece Anne Salvin, the Children of her late Sifter Catherine Salvin, their respective Executors, Admir.istrators, and Assigns, but (he declared that the said Thomas Salvin and Anne Salvin should have and receive only One equal Share and Portion between them of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds as the Representatives or (landing in the Place of their said late Mother; the said respective Shares or Portions of the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds to be considered as veiled and transferable Interests in her said Brothers, Sifters, Nephew and Niece respectively, immediately on the Deceale of her the said last-named Mary Wharton, to become payable upon the Events or Contingencies aforesaid; and (lie gave and deviled unto the said William Hutchinson and John Bright, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all that her Sixth Part or Share of the Moiety of the Real and Personal Estates of the said first-named Mary Wharton and first-named Margaret Wharton, given and devised to her by the Ialt Will and Testament of her late Father, and all her Reversionary and other Ellate, Right, 'Title, and Interest therein, upon the fame Trulls, and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the fame Right, Benefit of Survivorship, and Accruer and other eventual Rights, as were therein-before expressed, declared, or directed of and concerning the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and the Interest attending the fame, or as near thereto as might be, and the said Real and Personal Estates of the said first-named Mary Whatton and first-named Margaret Wharton would admit: And whereas in the Year One thousand eight hundred and two the said Mary Wharton the Daughter of the said Thomas Wharton died without Issue, and without having altered Or revoked her said last Will and Testament as 10 the Devise therein contained of her One-sixth Part of the Moiety of the Real Estate of the said first named Mary Wharton and the said first named Margaret I Chari on, and leaving the said Robert Wharton Alyddleton her eldest Brother and Heir at Law: And whereas in the Year One thousand eight hundred and four the said Thomas Salvin died a Bachelor and under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said Anne Salvin is now under the Age of Twenty-cne Years and unmarried: And whereas in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight the said Thomas Brand and Deborah his Wife intermarried: And whereas the said Margaret Wharton and Elizabeth Wharton, the Daughters of the said Thomas Wharton, ate respectively ur;married: And whereas in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety the said John Wharton marritd Susan Mary Anne Lambtoil-finder, who is now living, and the said John Wharton hath no I flue Male: And whereas the f iid James Wharton is a Bachelor: And whereas in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight the said William Wharton the S- n married the Honourable Charlotte Duttdas Spinster, and hath llfue only One Son, namely, John Thomas Wharton, born the Ninth Day'.of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas in the Year One thousand eight hundred the said llenry Reveley died a Bachelor: And whereas all the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163.

of the said first-named Mary Wharton, and the said first-named Margaret Wharton have been paid and satisfied: And whereas the said John Wharton did, in the Lifetime of the said first;-named Margaret Wharton, procure an Authority and licence under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Wharton only, and immediately upon her Death entered into Post'ession of the Real Estates devised as well by her said last Will and Testament as by the last: Will and Teltament of the said firlh-named Mary Wharton: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Days of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Release being made between the said John Wharton and Susan Mary Anne his Wife of the First Part; Walter Fawkes F.squire, Thomas Wycliffe Esquire, and Thomas Swann Banker, of the Second Part; and Jonathan Raine Esquire of the Third Part; and by Three sevenrl Fines levied in pursuance of a Covenant for that Purpose contained in the said Indenture of Release, all that One undivided Moiety or Half Part of the Third Part or Share of and in the Manors and Hereditaments heretofore of the said first-named William Wharton, whereof the said John Wharton was seised in Fee Simple, together with divers other Hereditaments, was conveyed and assured unto and to the life of the said Walter Fawkes, Thomas Wycliffe, and Thomas Swann, their Heirs and Assigns, and all the remaining Two undivided Third Parts whereof the said John Wharton was seised for the Term of his Life of and in the fame Manors and other Hereditaments were conveyed and assured unto and to the Use of the said Walter Fawkes, Thomas Wycliffe, and Thomas Swann, their Heirs and Assigns, during the Life of the said John Wharton, upon Trull to sell the same and apply the Monies arising from the Sale thereof, in Payment of Debts owing by the said John Wharton, and to pay the clear Surplus, if any, to the said John Wharton: And whereas the said Manors and other Hereditaments whereof the said William Wharton deceased died seised lie very much dispersed: And whereas the said John Wharton and Susan Mary Anne his Wife, James Wharton, William Wharton the Son, Robert Wharton Myddleton, Richard Wharton, Thomas Brand and Deborah his Wife, Margaret Wharton Daughter of the said Thomas Wharton, and Elizabeth Wharton, on their own Behalf, and the fame William Wharton on Behalf of his infant Son, and the said Anthony Salvin on Behalf of his infant Daughter, are desirous that a Partition should be made of the fame Manors and Hereditaments heretofore of the said first named William Wharton, and that One divided Part thereof proportioned to the Value of the aforesaid undivided Third Part thereof which defeended to the said Anne Hall Stevenson and Franca Stevenson afterwards Frances FarquharJ'on, and from them respectively to the said John Wharton, should be allotted as the Share of the said John Wharton in the fame Manors and Hereditaments, and that the Remainder of the fame Manors and Hereditaments should be allotted in lieu of the said undivided Shares devised by the said Wills of the said fit ft named Mary Wharton and the said first-named Margaret Wharton, and in order thereto have cauied the said Manors and Hereditaments to be surveyed, valued, and divided into Two several Allotments, One whereof is specified in the First. Schedule to this Act, and comprises such Part of the fame Manors and Hereditaments as is proportioned to the Value of the undivided Third Part of the fame Manors and Hereditaments which defeended to the said Anne Hall Stevenson and Prances Stevenson afterwards Frances Farqubarfon, and the other of the said Allotments is specified in the Second

Schedule

33

AH Debts and Legacies paid, John What ton took that Maine, &c.

Indentures of 15th and 26th March 1796.

Eflatf s of William Wlarton deceased lie di' per fed. Partits defir-om if a Partition ot tl.ofe Eilat- s.

3^3

Are satisfied thAt Allotments are n-scft in due Proportion.1 Advantage of Partition,

inflates in Fi.'ft Schedule veiled in Trull for John Wharton in Fee,

One Mo* y

of Eft i * m S.eond Schedule settled to the Via of

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163.

Schedule to this Act, and comprises the Residue of the fame Manors and Hereditaments: And whereas all the Parties interested in the said Partition are satisfied that the said Allotments are made in due proportion: And whereas it will be for the Benefit and Advantage of all Persons who are or hereafter may be interested in the said Manors and Hereditaments, that the said Partition should be made; but on Account of the Limitations contained in the said Wills and Codicils, and in the said Indenture of Release, the said Partition cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects John Wharton and Sr/fan Mary Anne his Wife, James I ybar ton, William Wharton the Son, Robert Wharton Myddletoti, Richard Wharton, Thomas Brand and Deborah his Wife, Margaret Wharton Daughter of Thomas Wharton, and Elizabeth Wharton, on Bthalt of themselves, and the fame William Whartort on Behalf of his infant Son, and the said Anthony Salvin on Behalf of his infant Daughter, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all and fiugular the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Rectories, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are particularly mentioned and described in the 1 irlt Schedule to this Act, with their and every of their Rights, Memfceis, Easements, and Appurtenances, shall, for and in lieu of the undivided Third Part of the Manors and Hereditaments comprized in the Two Schedules to this Act, which defeended to the said Anne Hall Stevenjcn and Frances Stcvcnfon afterwards Frances Farquharson, and from them r ipeftively to the said John Wharton, be veiled in and settled upon, and the same are hereby veiled in and settled upon the said Walker Fawkes', Thomas Wycliffe, and Thomas Suann, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to the Use of them the said Walter l'atubes, Thomas Wycliffe, and 7homas Swann, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever freed and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, exempted, and discharged of and from all and tvt.y the :s, Trulls, Estates, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations in and by the said W'lls and Codicils of the said first-named Mary Wharton, the said fiift-naiu I Margaret Whdrten. the said Thomas lb barton anil the said Mary Whan t his Daughter, and in and by the said Indenture of Release of the Twenty sixth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six limited, expressed, or declared of or concerning the undivided Shares of the said first-named Mary Wharton and the said first-named Margaret Wharton of and in the fame Manors and Hereditaments, but nevertheless upon such Trulls, for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to such Provisoes, Limitations, and Agreements, as in and by the said Indenture of Keleale of the Twenty-sixth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, are limited, expressed, and declared of and concerning the undivided Part or Share of the Manors and Hereditaments comprised in the Two Schedules to this Act, whereof the said John Wharton was hi It'd in Fee Simple immediately before the Execution of the said luuentu.e of R eleafe.

II. And be it further crafted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, One undivided Moiety of and in all and singular the Manors, MeEuages, Farms, Lands, Rectories. Advowsons, Tythes, Tenements,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163. 3369

ments, and Hereditaments, which are particularly mentioned and described in the Second Schedule to this Act, with their and every of their Rights, M.^whar' Members, Easements, and Appurtenances, shall be settled upon, and the ‘on-fame are hereby settled upon the said Jonathan Raine, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Trulls, Estates, Powers,

Provisoes, and Limitations in and by the said Will and Codicils of the said first-named Margaret Wharton, Thomas Wharton, and Mary Wharton his Daughter, and the said Indenture of Release of the Twenty-sixth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six respectively, limited, expressed, or declared of and concerning the undivided Share of the fame Margaret Wharton, and the undivided Share of the said John Wharton in the fame Manors and Hereditaments; but nevertheless, to such Uses upon such Trulls, for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Agreements, as in and by the said Wills of the said first-naraed Mary Wharton, Thomas Wharton, and Mary Wharton his Daughter, and the said Indenture of the Twenty-sixth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, are limited, expressed, and declared of and concerning the undivided One-third Part of the Manors and Hereditaments comprised in the said Schedules to this Act, which was devised by the said Will of the said first-named Mary Wharton, or such of them as are now subsisting and capable of taking Effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the The other passing of this Act, all that the remaining undivided Moiety of and in all Glutei' inf and singular the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Redories, Advow- secnnesche-fons, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are particularly men- fh.lcJf ,a tioned and described in the Second Schedule to this Act, with their and the w.iis and every of their Rights, Members, Easements, and Appurtenances, shall be th*

settled upon, and the same are hereby settled upon the said Jonathan Raine, M-.r^aret his Heirs and Assigns, forever freed and absolutely acquittecL exonerated, Wharton, and discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Trulls, Estates, Powers,

Provisoes, and Limitations in and by the said Will of the said first-named Mary Wharton, Thomas Wharton and Mary Wharton his Daughter, and the said Indenture of Release of the Twenty-sixth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six respectively limited, expressed, or declared of and concerning the undivided Share of the said first-named Mary Wharton, and the undivided Share of the said John Wharton in the fame Manors and Hereditaments; but nevertheless, to such Uses upon such Trusts, and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to such Provisoes, Limitations, and Agreements, as by the said Wilis and Codicils of the said first-named Margaret Wharton, the said Thomas Wharton and Mary Wharton his Daughter, and the said Indenture of the Twenty-sixth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, are limited, expressed, and declared of and concerning the One undivided Third Part of the Manors and Hereditaments comprised in the said Schedules to this Act, which was deviled by the Will of the said first-named Margaret Wharton, or such of them as are now subsisting and capable of taking Effect.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled under and by virtue of this Act to the Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the Eirft Schedule to [Loc.tf Per.] 37 P tins

337°

Central

Saving.

Publick Mk.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163.

this Act shall at any Time or Times hereafter be compelled to pay to the said Elizabeth Knowjley, her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, any Part of the said yearly Rent Charge of One hundred Pounds, or to the said Ann Golden, her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, any Par t of the said yearly Rent Charge of Five Pounds, then and in such Case, and so often as the fame shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the same Person or Persons respectively, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, by Entry and Distress upon all or any of the Lands comprized in the said Schedule to this Act, to levy and raise so much Money as the same Person or Persons respectively shall have paid in discharge of the fame yearly Rent Charges, or either of them.

V. Saving always to the said Elizabeth Know/ley, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and to the said Ann Golden, her Executors,. Administrators, and Assigns, and also to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, Successors, and Assigns (other than and except the said John Wharton, and the said Su/an Mary Anne his Wife, and the first and other Sons of the said John Wharton, and the Heirs Male of the several and respective Bodies of such first and other Sons, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said John Wharton, and the said James Wharton and William Wharton^ and their first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the several and respective Bodies of such first and other Sons, and the said Robert Wharton Myd-dleton, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Richard Wharton, his Heirs, and Assigns, and the said Thomas Brand and Deborah his Wife, her Heirs and Assigns, and the said Margaret Wharton Daughter of the said Thomas Wharton and the said Elizabeth Wharton, their Heirs and Assigns, and the said Anne Salvin, her Heirs and Assigns, and the said William Hntchinfon, John Bright, Walter Fawkes, Thomas Wycliffe, and Thomas Swam, their Heirs and Assigns), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of, in, to, and out of the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Rectories, Advowsons, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby limited, settled, and assured as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could, or might have had, held, or enjoyed in case this Act had not been, made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so. printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

0

The

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163

3371-

rt

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, being that Part of the Manors and Hereditaments therein mentioned, which is thereby veiled in John Wharton Esquire, in Fee Simple.

- Houses and Buildings occupied with the Ltnd. Quantity of Land,

Situation, Tenants* Names. including Horoe-ficads, in eitch Tenant’s holding. Annual Value.

A. R. P. £ J. d.

Yorksnire. John Allison A Messuage and Farm") Buildings - - - J 87 0 25 192 3 4

William Bland - A House, Stable, and 7 I 27 43 13

Aldcbrough, / Water Corn Mill - - J 9

otherwise \ Ralph Dowfon A Barn only 59 a 23 67 18 8

Aldburrough - A Moiety of all 'i'vtl es in Aldebrough 1,000 0 0 200 O O

Manor and Manerial Rights.

Encroachment Rent! * - - I 4 <J

/ Hutchinson and Forfter A House used as an Inn, V

Barn, Stable, and But- > cher’s Shop - - J 25 0 II 48 X 9

Melfonby - - Hannah Waggett A Cottage 3 3 3 8 II O

George Webster - - Messuage and Farm Buildings *75 1 O 333 8 5

Kevd Doctor Swire - 6 0 14 21 6 O

> William Maffam - A House and Stable - 36 1 25 54 7 2

Fremington - - Manor of Fremington.

William Brim (kill - - 16 1 33 34 I 5

Gayle3 - - < George Trotter - - 4 1 36 7 16 7

Isaac Coates - 124 2 36 42 l6 I

William Close - - House and Stable 0 i 0 3° O O

Richmond - - < James Miller Old Cottages with Pa flu re 1 Gates — — / 1 I 0 IO O O

John Harland - 3 I 12 5 10 O

Cleafty - - | Christopher Wright - A Messuage and Fares Buildings — — y 85 3 *3 169 7 8

A Moiety of all Tythes, Corn excepted no O O 35 JO 4

f Daniel Marfoot _ - 83 1 l5 64 18 2

Aldwark - - < Thomas Andrews - 24 3 >5 27 8 3

I Several Persons - Towns Pasture 27 0 18 34 4 6

( Geo. Wheatley A Moiety of all Tythes, 7 except Hay — — J 779 0 30 112 2 6

Caldwell - - "S A Moiety of a Modus for J Tythe Hay — — j - - - I O i

( Stipend ifilling thereout to the Vicar of St. John’s

Stanwick, <*£‘3.

Bsrton St. Cuth-t Vicar of St. John’s J For a Moiety of the Tythes \ 8

bert - - \ Stanwick - - 5 of Wool and Lamb only J

337»

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 163

The FIRST SCHEDULE—continued.

Yorkshire.

r

East Layton - -1

Carton

Stanwick

.’n t County of Dur-1 bam, Darlington J

Tenant*’ Names. Houses and Buildings occupied with the Land. Quanritjrof Land, including Home-steads, in each Tenant’s holding. Annual Value.

Vicar of St. John's! Stanwick - - J For a Moiety of the Tythes 1 of Wool and Lamb only / A.B. F. £ s. J. 2 10 0

Henry Pulleyn, Esq. For a Moiety of all Tythes . . . 9 10 4

Duke of Northumberland For a Moiety of all Tythes . . . 4 14 7

Ralph Child - A Messuage O O 20 10 o o

On none of which said Hereditaments are any Timber «r Timber-like Trees Handing or growing.

John Mowbray. John Humphries

\ '

«8Sn

.75

The

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163

3373

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, being that Part of the Manors and Hereditaments therein mentioned, which is thereby vested in John Wharton Esquire, for Life; with Remainders over.

Tenants' Names. Houses and Building* occupied with the Land. Quantity of Land me uding ttome-rt-acts, in each Annual Value.

Tenant' holding.

A. R. T. £ S. J.

William Weftland - 4 0 O 6 8 O

Samuel Spedding - - A Messuage and Farm 1 Buildings - - J 186 a 28 300 II 4

Thomas Fairey - - O 3 34 I >3 8

Overseers of the Poor A Dwelling House uled as J 16 *7

a Workhouse - - ) 1

Six Cottages occupied by Six poor Families, and 1 26 12 n

Two Smiths Shops - J

Elizabeth Thistlewaite A Messuage 5 2 13 21 17 O

Robert Featham - 2 I 16 4 18 8

Joseph Alderion - - I I *7 4 9 4

Edward M'Gee - - - O 3 12 2 >7 9

Joseph Gordon - . - 21 O 28 57 24 9

Rev. William Wharton Offices used with the Vicar- I 20

age House - - j 3 3 24

John Thompson * O 2 19 O 18 6

William Husband - 44 I 3« 79 13 5

Charles Belwood - - - - 2 0 0 3 O O

John Mason - 5 2 27 *3 '4 7

Robert Walker - - 4 1 0 10 16 O

Rev. John Atkinson - * 3 0 0 7 4 O

Richard Fairey - A Cottage - - - 2 3 35 8 7 6

James Todd - 46 2 3 93 9 4

Richard Mason A Messuage and Fann--j

Buildings, and a Water t Corn Mill - - J 168 I *7 3 00 10 5

Wood Lands - In Hand 138 3 13 78 s 11

George Porrett - - A Messuage and Farm! Buildings - - / 327 3 28 389 10 1

George Kipling Deduct Outgoings. House and Farm Buildings 34 0 24 40 12 t

Two Fee Farm Rents and for Acquittance*

£n 14 3

Together with the Timber and other Trees grow-

ing thereon, the whole Value whereof doth not exceed the Sum of Six hundred Pounds.

Corn and Hay Tythei tioned of the Lands above men-1 518 I 13 l47 3 3

Do Do. of the Estates of John Wharton \ 171

Esq. not mentioned above - - - J 4 J 9

Do. Do. of Freeholders Estates 3J2 O 18 127 5 2

Corn and Hay Tythes of Hartforth df Lands in the Township J 566 0 O *59 5 9

Manor and Pavifh of Gilling in the County of York.

Gilling and Hartforth Rectory.

jjeauci uurgumgs.

Two Fee Farm Rents and for Acquittances £i\ 18 10

Free Rents payable to the Lord of the Manor 1 of Gilling - - - /

19 6 oi

ILoc. 8* Per.]

37

1374

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 163.

The SECOND SCHEDULE—continued.

Tenant*’ Name*.

Housea a»d Buildings occupied with the Land.

(Quantity of Land, ncluding Home-deads, in each Tenant's holding.

Melfonby ' in the County of •< York.

Kirkby Thore in the County of Westmorland.

rm

Manerials Right i, and Common Rights

The perpetual Advowson of the Vicarage of Gilling, subject to the Incumbency of the Rev. William Wharton, the present Vicar, aged 39 Years and upwards.

The perpetual Advowson of the Vicarage of St. John’s Stamvick, subject to the Incumbency of the Rev. William Wharton the present Vicar, aged 39 Years and upwards.

George Maflam - - 'i A Meduage and Farm > Buildings David Armstrong - J | Do. Do. -

Free Rents payable to the Lord of the Manor -

Manorial Rights -

John and Tho. Shepherd |A Messuage and Farm I Buildings - - J

William Atkinson - - I

DedudV Outgoings - - ad' 6 4 1

Customary 20-penny Rents'! -

Quit Rents - - - f in Kirkby Thore -

Encroachment Rents - J Customaty Rents in Crackenthorpe Quit Rents in Do.

Fines on every Alienation by Death or otherwise, and on the Death of Lord ... Manerial Rights and Common Rights in Kirkby Thore, Crakenthorpe, Burwans otherwise Burroughs Hall, Dufton, &c.

On which Twolaft mentioned Estates there are not any Timber or Timber-like Trees handing or growing.

60

VS O 37 380 16 9

208 O 35 290 1 11

• - - 0 8 5

• ~ 0 a

200 3 3<S 300 iS 6

l80 O V 154 7 8

- 14 11 S

- 0 11 2

- 0 7 2

- 3 '5

" " 0 4 o’

John "Mowbray. John Humphries.

LONDON:

Primers

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

10

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 164.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, devised by the Will of John Hutton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for investing the Money arirtng therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the fameUfes. [xoth. June 1809.]

WHEREAS John Hutton, late of Marjl-e, in the County of York, will of Joti» Esquire, deceased, duly made and published his lait Will and Hutton, Teitament in Writing, dated the Third Day of February, in Feb* 3> ‘V8°-the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty, and thereby gave and devised all his Manors or Lordships, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, to which he was entitled, as well in Possession as in Reversion,

Remainder, or Expectancy, or for die Purchase of which he had contracted, or of which he had Power to dispose, unto William Chaytor Esquire, and Christopher Pickering Gentleman, and to their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trust by Mortgage, or with the Rents and Profits thereof, until his Son John Hutton therein-after named, or fotne other Person or Persons by virtue of the Limitations therein-after contained, should be entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of his said Real Estates, to pay and discharge his the Tefia'or’s Debts and Funeral Expences, Annuities and Legacies, or so much thereof as his Personal Estate should not be sufficient to pay, and to place out the Residue of such Rents and Profits (if any) at interest, until convenient Opportunities should offer to lay out the fame in the Purchase of Freehold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, to be settled to such ■Uses as his Real Estates ere thereby limited and settled, and in the mean [Loc.&Per.] 37 R lime,

337s

49* GEORGII JII- 164.

Time, until such Money should be laid out in a Putjphjfe or Purchases as aforesaid, all the Interest and Produce thereof should bj^ paid to and received by such Person or Persons as and to whom the Rents and profits of the Premises so to be purchased (if purchased) would for tl^eTiine b^ing belong, by virtue of the Uses and Limitations therein'mentioned and expressed; and upon further Trust, when his natural Son John Hutton, other rife Ling, should attain his Age of Twenty-one Years, to permit him and his Assigns to enter upon all the said Manors or Lordships, Advowsons, Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so. deviled as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents, Blues, and Profits thereof during his Life, and from and after the Decease of the said John Hutton the Son, Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of his said Son John Hutton, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders, Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of his said Son John lawfully to be begotten, successively and in Remainder one after another, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and for Default of such Blue, and when his the Testator’s natural Son James Hutton, otherwise Ling, should attain the Age ®f Twenty-one Years, upon Trust; to permit his said Son James Hutton, and his Assigns, to enter upon his said Manors or Lordships, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, and to receive the Rents and Profits thereof during his natural Life, with Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs in Trust to preserve the Contingent Remainders as aforesaid, with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of his said Son James lawfully to be begotten in Tail Mail, in like Manner as the fame were limited to his said Son John, and his first and other Sons in Tail Male, and for Default of such Issue, and when his natural Son Matthew Hutton, otherwise Ling, should attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, upon the further Trust, to permit his said Son Matthew and his Assigns to enter upon his said Manors or Lordships, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof during his natural Life, with Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of his said Son Matthew, upon Trust to preserve the Contingent Remainders as aforesaid, with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of his said Son Matthew lawfully to be begotten successively in Tail Male, in like Manner as the fame were limited upon his said Son John and his First and other Sons in Tail Male as aforesaid; and for Default of such Issue, and when his Son TimothyHutton should attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, upon the further Trust to permit his said Son Timothy and his Assigns to enter upon his said Manors or Lord ships, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof during his natural Life, with Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of his said Son Timothy, upon Trust to preserve the Contingent Remainders as aforesaid, with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of his f^id Son Timothy lawfully to be begotten successively in Tail Male, in like Manner as the fame were limited to his said Son John and his First and other Sons inTail Male as aforesaid; and for Default of such Issue, Remainder to the Use and Behoof of all and every the Daughters, if more than one, of his said Son John Hutton lawfully to be begotten, Share and Share alike, to take as Tenants in common, and of the several and respective Heirs of the Bodies of all and every such Daughters; and in case one or more such Daughters should happen to die without Blue of her or their Body or

Bodies,

3379

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 164.

Bodies, then as to the Share and Shares of her and them so dying to the life of the Survivors or others of them, Share and Share alike, to take as Tenants in common, and of the several and respective Heirs of their Bodies; and in case all the said Daughters of his said Son John but one should happen to die without Issue, or if there should be but one such Daughter, then to the Use of such only Daughter, and of the Heirs of her Body issuing, and for Default of such IiTue, Remainder to the Use and Behoof of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of his said Son James Hutton in Tail as Tenants in common if more than one, with Cross Remainders in Tail to such Daughters in like Manner as the fame were therein-before limited to the Daughter and Daughters of his said Son John Hutton; and for Default of such IiTue, Remainder to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of his said Son Matthew Hutton in Tail as Tenants in common, if more than one, with Cross Remainders in Tail to such Daughters in like Manner as the fame was therein-before limited to the Daughter and Daughters of his said Son John Hutton; and for Default of such IiTue, Remainder to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of his said Son Timothy Hutton in Tail as Tenants in common if more than one, with Cross Remainders in Tail to such Daughters in like Manner as the fame were therein-before limited to the Daughter and Daughters of his said Son John Hutton; and for Default of all such Issue, Remainder to the Use of his the Testator’s own right Heirs for ever; and the said Testator nominated and appointed the said (Vi!Ham Chaytor and Christopher Pickering Executors of his said Will, and afterwards died on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, without having revoked or altered the fame: And whereas the said John Hutton the Testator intermarried with Ann Ling on or about the Thii ty-firflDay of August One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and left by her the said Timothy. Hutton his only legitimate Child and Heir at Law: And whereas the said (I 'illiam Chaytor and Christopher Pickering, on or about the Eleventh Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, duly proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of the Arch-bishop of Canterbury: And whereas the Funeral Expences, Debts, and Legacies, of the said Testator John Hutton, have been discharged out of his Personal Estate or the Savings of the Rents and Profits of his said Real Estates, which accrued during the Minority of the said John Hutton his Son, who some Time since attained his Age of Twenty.one Years, and entered upon and took Polfdlion of all the said Manors and Estates of the said Testator devised as aforesaid, and is row in the Enjoyment thereof as Tenant for Life under the said Will: And whereas the said James Hutton attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, and afterwards died a Batchelor on or about the Twenty-seventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three; and the said John Hutton the Son and Matthew Hutton are Batchelors; and the said Timothy Hutton, on or about the Twelfth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, intermarried with Elizabeth Chaytor, but hath no Issue, and the said Christopher Pickering is dead: And whereas a principal Part of the Real Estates of the said John Hutton the Testator deviled as aforesaid, including the Mansion House and Estates at Marjie,within the Wapentake of GillingWeJl, where his Family have long rt. Tided,is situate in the County of T^L, and other Part of the said devised Estates cor.ftfts of the Manor or Lordship of Front, otherwiseEmit, uiherwKe Franth, in the Counties of Kent and Suffix, and of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, andliereditamentsat F/fm?,cther\viCsF(7»#,othervrifeTri7?!/,6afor«-4 kid.

33So 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 164.

said, and in Mayfieldffft’adburjl, Peppenbury,othexv.\kPembury, LamberbutJL Erenchhy, Tunbridge, Fade ley, Hadlow, and Capill, in the Counties of Kent arid Suffix, and which said last-mentioned Estates in the said Counties of Kent and St/ff'ex, are more particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule hereto annexed, and lie detached and separate from each other, and are all at a great and inconvenient Didance from the Family Seat of Marjkc aforesaid; and the said ’John Hutton the Son, Matthew Hutton, and Timothy Hutton, are well satisfied that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the said John Hutton the Son, and all Persons who are or may be interested under the said Will, if the said Manor and Estates in the said Counties of Kent and Suffix were to be veiled in Trudces discharged from the Uses and Trulls of the said Will, in Trull to be sold, and the Monies thence arising laid out under the Dir.eftions of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates in the County of York, nearer to the said Mansion House at Marjic, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will; but inasmuch as by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will, the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said John Hutton the Son, Matthew Hutton, and Timothy Hutton, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-Vesting ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular Estates in the said Manor or Lordship of Frant, otherwise Fant, otherwise Franth, T'uft^or'tle ant^ t^le several Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-Purposes of menis it Frant, otherwise Fant, otherwise Franth aforesaid, and in May-«lie Ad. field, IVadhurst, Peppenbury, otherwise Pembury, Lamberhurjt, Brenchley, Tunbridge, Fudelcy, Hadlow, and Capill, in the Counties of Kent and SuJfsex, more particularly described in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, and which are Part and Parcel of the Estates devised by the said recited Will, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders yearly, and other Rents, llfues, and Profits, of all and singular the fame Premises, shall from and after the passing of this Act be veded in and settled upon John Clervaux Chayior of Spennithorn, in the County of York, Esquire, and Sheldon Craddock the Younger of Hartforth, in the same County, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the life of the said John Clervaux Chayter, and Sheldon Craddock the Younger, their Heir3 and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, exonerated, and discharged of, from, and against all and every the Uses and Estates, Devises, Bequeds, Limitations, Truds, Remainders, Reversions, Provisoes, Powers, Charges, and Incumbrances whatsoever, in and by the said recited Will of the said Tedator John Hutton, devised, made, limited, created, declared, or contained, but nevertheless upon such Truds, and to and for i'uch Intents and Purposes as are herein-after expressed and declared of and concerning the same.

Trustees em-

II. And be it further enacted, That the said John Clervaux Chayior F^Estates ani* Sheldon Craddock the Younger, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs e ‘atcs- or Assigns of such Survivor, do and Ural I as soon as conveniently may be, by and with the Consent in Writing of the said John Hutton the Son, iF living, and in case of his Death, of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the fame

Estates

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 164. 33S1

Mates if this Act had not been made, if of the Age of Twenty-one Years; and if such Person or Persons shall be under that Age, then with the Consent in Writing of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, sell and dispose of all and singular the said Manor or Lordship, Messuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby vested and settled as aforesaid, either together or in Parcels, and either by public Auction or Sale, or by private Contract:, unto any Person or Persons that fit ail be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, at the bed Price or Prices, and for the mod Money that can at the Time of such Sale or Sales be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, and do and shall upon Payment of the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies as herein-after directed, convey and allure the fame Premises so fold with the Appurtenances unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs absolutely for ever, or as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint, freed, exempted, acquitted, and discharged as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Monies which Purchase

shall arise by any such Saie or Sales as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall Money to be not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in Payment fe

of Cods and F.xpences, according to the Directions herein-aher contained, of o;her Ef_ shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way trues to be by John Hutton the Soil during his Life, and after his Decease by settled to the the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, if this Act had not fame ^fe‘* been made, be in Possession of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Estates hereby made saleable as aforesaid, and who shall have attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and with the Consent of the Guardian or Guardians of such of them as shall be Infants during their respective Minorities, be laid out and inveded under the Directions of the said Court, in the Purchase of Freehold Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from Incumbrances, (except Fee Farm Rents or Quit Rents), to be situated or being within the said County of York, and that all and every the Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased,

shall be effectually conveyed, settled, and assured to, for, upon, and subject to such of the Uses, Estates, Truds, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, as in and by the said recited Will of the said Tedator John Hutton are limited, expressed, created, declared, and contained of and concerning the said Manor or Lordship, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments by this Act veded in Trustees to be sold as aforesaid, or such of them as shall be then exiding, undetermined, or capable of taking effect.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by the Sale of Purchase

the said Manor, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby made saleable, shall Monies to be be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof into the Bank of England, ths

in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court England.

of Chancery, cx parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Estates of the said John Hutton the Tedator, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Fird, Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth, and in the mean Time, and until such Monies so paid in as aforesaid, shall be inveded in such Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, the fame, or so much thereof as shall [Lee. $5* Per.] 3 7 S not

5382 J(-9* GEORGII III. Cap. i64j

Hot be applied in the Discharge of such Coils, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest of the Money so laid out in the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved as before directed, and until the fame shall, upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said John Hutton the Son, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled as aforesaid, or if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General for the completing of such Purchase or Purchases, in such Manner as the said Court shall think jull and direct; and that if the . Money arising from the Sale of such Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then, in such Case only, the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expences of the Applications to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits ®f the Estates and Hereditaments directed to be purchased in case the fame had been purchased pur-spant to this Act, or to the Representative or Representatives of such Person or Persons.

-: ..4'- jjgnv ’ 1 "v*4 \ * -]*■* 1 ' '

Certificate of V. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Certificate and Certifi-ant Generaf" cates t^le ^'d Accountant General, together with the Receipt and Receipts

to be a good the Cashier of the Bank, to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed Discharge to in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment Purchasers. into the Bank of England by such Purchaser or Purchasers of his, her, or their Purchase Money or Purchase Monies, or of some Part or Parts thereof, shall from Time to Time be and be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for so much of the said Purchase Money or Purchase Monies for which such Certificate and Certificates shall be given, and that after filing such Certificate or Certificates, and such Receipt or Receipts as aforesaid given, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and not answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

to be paid.

Costs of the

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Attand other Cou,rt of Chancery from Time to Time to make such Order as the said Proceedings Court shall think expedient, just, or reasonable for allowing, taxing, and settling all Costs, Charges, and Expences which have been or shall be incurred in the obtaining and passing of the said Act, and in making the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and in making and completing the Sale or Sales of the Hereditaments and Premises hereby made saleable, and in velting ail or any of the Monies which under this Act Umll be paid into the Bank of England in the Purchase of Messuages,

7 Lands,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 164. 33^3

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or of making such Settlement or Settlements as aforesaid, or otherwise, in carrying into Execution the Trulls and Purposes of this Act, and also from Time to Time to make Orders for Payment of all such Colts, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall arise from any Sale or Sales of any Hereditaments under this Act, and which shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by the Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills Co be purchased as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until such Until Sal?, Sale or Sales shall be made of the said Manor, Hereditaments, and Premises

hereby made saleable, they the said John Clcrvaux Chaytor and Shel- &me A anner don Craddock the Younger, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and as if this Act Assigns of such Survivor, shall permit and suffer the fame Manors, Here- ha uot ditaments, and Premises to be held and enjoyed, and the Rents, Issues, and pd e ’ Profits thereof to be had, received, and taken by or for the Benefit of such Person or Persons as would have been entitled to and ought to hare received the fame, in calc this Act had not been made.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the said John Clcrvaux Chaytor, and Sheldon Craddock the Younger, or either of them, or any Trustee or Trustees who shall be appointed in the Stead of them or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, or their or any of their Heirs or Assigns, shall die or be desirous to be discharged from the Trulls hereby created, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented in a luminary Way by the said John Hutton the Son during his Life, and after his De-cease by the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled as herein-before is mentioned, if such Person or Persons be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians during his, her, or their Minority or respective Minorities, to appoint the Person or Persons to be proposed in the said Petition, or any Person or Persons named by the said Court to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desirous to be discharged, and thereupon the said Manor, Estates, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby directed to be sold, or such of them as shall from Time to Time remain unfold, shall with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner as to become legally and effectually veiled in such new Trustee or Trustees solely or jointly with the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall require, upon the Trulls and for the Intents and Purposes herein-before declared of and concerning the same, or such of them as shall be then i’ubfifting or capable of taking Effect, and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall, to all Intents* Effects, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, have all the Powers and Authorities of the Trustee or Trustees in whole Room he or they shall be substituted.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither of the Indemnity to present or future Trustees under this Act shall be answerable or account- Trustees. able for the other or others of them, or for involuntary Losses, and that

by and out of any Money which shall come to their or his Hands or Hand by virtue of any of the aforesaid Trulls, it shall be lawful for them and

him

Appointment

of new i’ruf-tees.

33^4 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 164.

him to retain to and reimburse themselves and hinifelf respectively all the Cods, Charges, and Expences which they or he may respectively incur or fudain in carrying the Trusts of this present Act into Execution, and not herein particularly provided for.

General

Saving.

,.1 11

X. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, other than and except the said John Hutton the Son and his Fird and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, and also the said Matthew Hutton and his Fird and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, and likewise the said Timothy Hutton and his Fird and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, and also the Daughters of the said John Hutton the Son, and also the Daughters of the said Matthew Hutton and the Heirs of their Bodies, and likewise the Daughters of the said Timothy Hutton and the Heirs of their Bodies, and the right Heirs of the said John Hutton the Tedator, and all and every other Person or •Persons claiming or to claim any Edate, Right, Title, Intered, Inheritance, Use, Trud, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or cut of the Manor, Estates, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby respectively made fafeaBIe as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the said recited Will of the said Tedator John Hutton, all such Edate, Right, Title, and Intered of, in, to, or out of the said Manor, Estates, Hereditaments, ancf Premises hereby veded and made saleable as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

&& tu be

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the printed by Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed J^nter"8 6 be admilted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The

49° GEORGII 111. Cap. it4. $385

tiTVf.'.Vl.IT

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

TENANTS. DESCRIPTION OF ESTATES. Quantity. Yearly Rent-

A. R. P. £ X. d.

In the Counties of KENT and SUSSEX.

The Manor of Frant, with it* Rights, Royalties,'! and Appurtenanoes, comprising several Quit Kents, amounting Annually to - ) — - 3 II °i

In the Parish of FRANT.

John Hawes Farm House, Out-buiidings, and Land, called) The New House Farm - - J 238 3 19 HO 0 0

Sir J. M'Pherson A Parcel of Woodland - - 7 I 5 7 0 0

George Fullagar House, Out-buildings, Water Mill and Land, 1 called Benhale Mill - - J 35 I 18 3<5 0 0

Edward Auflia Farm House, Out-building*, and Land, called ? Palmer’s Farm - - - 3 100 2 I 48 0 0

In hand Several Parcels of Woodland 45 I 39 17 0 0

John Lawrence Several Parcels of Land * *4 — 28 7 0 0

In the County of SUSSEX,

In the Parish of WADHURST.

Henry Hallett The Mark Cross Public House and Land — 3 3<5 5 0 0

William Peckliam - Several Parcels of Land 25 I 32 12 0 0

J. and W. Peckham - Farm House, Out buildings, and Land 88 — 4 44 0 0

John Peckham Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land 217 — 21 80 0 0

William Smith Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land i'3 2 *9 5° 0 0

Jeffery Austin Farm House, Out buildings, and Land 270 — 32 140 0 0

In hand Several Parcels of Woodland - - 130 3 29 6S 0 0

In the Farish of MAYFIELD.

Henry Hallett Several Parcels of Land - 8 I 3<5 6 0 0

William Peerless Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land 4° 3 21 18 0 0

Ann Day Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land 259 2 IO So 0 0

William Peckham - Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land 65 2 16 33 0 0

In hand Several Parcels of Woodland 9i — 30 40 0 0

Carried forward L753 2 36 801 II

37 T

[Lk. Ss5 Per.']

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 164.

TENANTS. DESCRIPTION OF ESTATES. Quantity. Yearly Rent.

A. R. P. £ J. J.

Brought forward '•753 2 36 801 1 I

In the Counties of KENT and SUSSEX!

In the Parish of LAMBERHURST.

John Lawrence Several Parcels of Land ... '39 3 8 63 O 0

In hand Several Parcels of Woodland 278 3 5 >39 O O

Joseph Tucker Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land, called ! Sandhurst Farm - - */ l6l 3 O 80 0 0

Jeffery Austin Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land, called \ Whiteland Farm - - *J 44 3 12 22 0 0

In the County of KENT, In the Parish of PEMBURY.

Edward Austin Several Parcels of Land - 24 3 '7 '4 0 0

George Fullagar Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land, called } Dodhurst Farm, in the Occupation of Matthew > Boorman - - -) '°3 2 '7 5' 0 0

John Lawrence Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land, called 1 Dundale Farm - - - J '33 2 32 60 0 0

In hand Several Parcels of Woodland - - 54 2 5 21 12 0

Francis Hartridge - Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land, called 1 Slower Farm - - - J 27 3 29 - 21 0 0

In the County of KENT,

In the Parish of TUNBRIDGE.

Richard Pelling Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land, called ) Hunnington’s Farm - - j l6l I 6 IOO O 0

Elizabeth Simmons Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land, called 1 Mote Farm - - - - J 54 3 32 26 O 0

In the County of KENT,

In the Parishes of CAPELL, IIADLOW, and

TUDELEY.

Thomas Wenham - Farm House, Out-buildings, and Land, called l Hale Farm - - - j 74 - - 80 0 0

3.°'3 I 39 '•179 3 °3

Exclusive of Timber growing upon the above-mentioned Estates, which may be of a Value not less than

k Seven thousand Pounds.

John lvcfon.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for vesting Part of the deviled Estates of John T.rel Morin Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Buckingham and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for laying out the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates intended to be sold.

[10th June 1809.]

WHER F AS John Tirel Morin, late of Wecdon Lodge and Hard-wicke. in the County of Bucks, and of Hanover Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Miaalefex, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, (duly made and published), bearing Date <he Fifth Day of June One 'housand ei.lit hundti d and five, gave and devised all that his Manor of Hard-one e, in the County of Bucks, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, and also all that his Manor and the Advowson of Fleet AUirston, in the County of Bucks aforesaid, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances; and also all those his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, a d lie edit ■rents, situate and being within the respective Parishes or I reciness of Hardwicke and Fleet Marion aforesaid j and all other his [Loc. id Peri] 37 U Real

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 165.

Real Estate in the County of Bucks aforesaid, (except his Real Effiitc at I: cedon aforesaid), unto and to the Use of his Son in Law Satusbury Pryce Humphreys Esquire, a Captain in the Royal Navy., and his Assigns for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of I'ruliees, their Executors and Administrators, during the Life of the said Satusbury Pryce Humphreys, in Trull to preserve the Contingent Remainders thereinafter litniced; Remainder to his Daughter Jane Elizabeth, the Wife of the said Salusbury Pryce Humphreys, and iter Assigns, for her Life, without Impeachment ot Waste; Remainder to the Use of the fame Trustees, their Executors and Administrators, in Trail to preserve the Contingent Uses therein-after limited; Remainder, after a certain Use which hath since failed of effect, to the Use of the elded, or only Son of the said Salujlwry Pryce Humphreys, on the Body of his said Daughter jane Eliza, beth Humphreys to be begotten, and his Heirs for ever; and as to all the Red, Residue, and Remainder of his Real Estate, of what Nature or Kind soever, and wheresoever, he gave, devised, and bequeathed the fame, and every Part thereof, unto his Wife Mary Anne Tirol Morin, and her Assigns for Life; Remainder to such Persons, and to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and with such Limitation, Powers, and Clauses. as his said Estates in Hard-Hcke and Fleet Marjion aforesaid, were in and by that his Will settled, limited, and devised; and the said. 'iATutor appointed his said Wife Mary Anne Ttrel Morin Executrix, and his Lid Son in Law Salusbury Pryce Humphreys Executor of his said Will: And whereas the said Telfator departed this Life on or about the Nineteenth Day of March, in the Year. One thousand eight hundred and seven, and his said Will hath since been duly proved by his Executrix therein named, in the Prerogative Court of the Archbiflv p of Canterbury: And whereas at the Time of the Decease of the said TtRator, there was secured by Mortgage of his Real Estate devised by his aforesaid Will, and also by Bond or Obligatory Writing under his own Hand and Seal, to John Turner of Brill, in the said County of Bucks, Esquire, the several Sums of Ten thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and Ten thousand Pounds Four Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which will severally become due or transferable by virtue of such Mortgage, at the End of Three Months after the giving or leaving of Notice by the said John Turner, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Executors or Administrators of the said John Tirel Morin, deceased, if such Notice shall be given before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of the Date of the Official Notification in the London Gazette, of a Definitive Treaty of Peace between Great Britain and France, or if no such Notice shall be given or left, then after Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of the Date of such Official Notification; and there was due and owing front the said Tellator to His present Majesty the Sum of Six thousand and twenty-one Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, and to divers Persons, on Simple Contracts, divers Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of One thousand eight liuntued and fiity-five Pounds Ten Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, as appears by the Firit Schedule to this Act annexed: And whereas Part of the Personal Estate of the said Testator has been applied by his Executrix in Payment of his Funeral and ieltamemary Expeaces, and in Part

Satisfaction

3391

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 165.

Satisfaction of the said Sum of Money due to His Majesty, and also in Payment of divers of the said Simple Contrail Debts; and the Residue of such Personal Ellate remaining unapplied, amounts to the Sum of One thousand four hundred and ninety-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Twopence Three Farthings, as also appears by the First Schedule to this Act annexed: And whereas there remains due and owing to His Majesty the Sum of Four thousand and twenty-one Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, and Interest for the said Sum of Six thousand and twenty-one Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, from the Day of the Decease of the said deflator; and unto the Testator’s Simple Contrail Creditors the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny; which Two Sums of Four thousand and twenty-one Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, and Three hundred and seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny, make together the full Sum of Four thousand four hundred Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten-pence, as also appears by the First Schedule to this Act annexed: And whereas, after the Whole or such Personal Ellate shall have been applied in a due Course of Administration, there will remain owing on account of the aforesaid Debt to His Majesty and the Simple Contrail Debts, the full Sum of Two thousand nine hundred and three Pounds Six Shillings and Seven-pence Farthing, as also appears by the First Schedule to this Act annexed; and such last-mentioned Sum, and also the aforesaid Interest due to His Majesty, being the Deficiency of the Testator’s Personal Ellate, is a Charge upon, and of right ought to be raised out of his Real Ellate: And whereas the Teltator’s Daughter, the said Jane Elizabeth Humphreys, departed this Life on or about the Thirtieth Day of September, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight; and there has been and is now living only one Child of the said Salusbury Pryce Humphreys, on the Body of the said Jane Elizabeth Humphreys begotten, videlicet, Salusbury Humphreys, an Infant of tender Years: And whereas, if a competent Sum ot Money were immediately raised for paying and making good such Sum as is now chargeable upon the Testator’s Real Ellate in respect of the Deficiency of his Personal Ellate, and for re-investing the aforesaid several Si ms of Ten thousand Pounds Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and Ten thousand Pounds Four per Centum Bank Annuities, a considerable Saving might be insured to the said Real Estate, and the Expences which would be occasioned, if the Creditors of the said Testator should have Recourse to the ordinary Remedies provided for the Recovery of their respective Debts, thereby avoided: And whereas a Sum of Money, more than sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, may be raised by Sale of such Part of the Testator’s Real Ellate devised as aforesaid, as is particularly described in the Second Schedule to this Act $ bur determined by reason of the Infancy of the said Salusbury Humphreys, the fame can’of be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Mary Anne Tiret Morin, and the said Salusbury Pryce Elumphreys, on Behalf of himself and his said Infant Son, most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ane be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

2 rity

3392

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 165.

fity of the fame. That all and Angular the Manors or Lordships, Messuages Farms, Land, Tenem nts, and Hereditaments, ficuate, lying,\ - and being in the Parish, Precincts, or Liberties of Hardwicke and Fled Marjltm, in the County of Bucks, and in Hanover'Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, late the Estate of the said JohniTirel Morin, deceased, deviled in Manner herein-before recited, and all and Angular the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby vested in John Richardson, of the Middle Temple, in the City of London, Esquire, Barrider at Law, and William MJnerheny, of James Street, near the Adelphi, in the County of Middlesex aforesaid, Esquire, and their Heirs, freed and discharged from all the Uses, Trulls, Estates, Limitations, Powers, and Declarations, whch, in and by the herein-before in Part recited Will of the said John TiretMorin, deceased, were limited, expressed, and declared of and concerning the same, but nevertheless subject and without Prejudice to the said Mortgage for securing the Re-invelfment of the said Two several Sums of Ten thousand Pounds Three ter Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and Ten thousand Pounds Four per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and the Intered thereof, at the Time and Manner herein-before mentioned; and also to the Payment of such Sum as is now chargeable thereon in respect of the aforesaid Deficien. y of the Tedator’s Personal Ellate; upon Trult, that they the said John Richardson and TJdliam A/‘hetheriy, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, do and shall sell and dispose of the said Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Land, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other the Premises, and of the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, either altogether and in one Lot, or in Parcels, and either by Public Auction or Private Contraft, for such Price or Prices in Money as to them or him shall seem reasonablr; and on Payment of the Money, in the Manner herein after mentioned, for which the said Manors or Lofd-ships, Messuages, Farms, Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Pan or Parts thereof, shall be sold as afon said, do and shall convey and assure the fame unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or ther Heirs and Assigns, or to such Uses, upon such Trulls, and in such Manner as he, she, or they shall direct or appoit t, absolutely freed and discharged as herein before is mentioned, but subject and without Prejudice to the Re-inveflment of the said levtral Sums of Ten thousand Pounds Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and Ten thousand Pounds Four per Centum Bank Annuities, and to the Payment of such Sum as is now chargeable thereon, in lefptd of the aforesaid Deficiency of the Tellator’s Personal Eaate.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall arise or be produced by or from such Salt or Sales as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Purchaser, or respective Purchasers, in Manner following; that is to say, the aforesaid Sum of Two thousand nine hundred and three Pounds Six Shillings and Seven-pence Farthing, and the Intered due, and to accrue due to His Majesty, being the Deficiency of the Tedator’s Ptifona! Edate, shall in the fir!' Place be paid unto Janas Earl of Cardigan, or to his Assigns, puiiuant to the Warrant of His Majesty under His Sign Manual, bearing

Date

Application of the Purchase Monies.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 165.

33 $3

Date the Thirtieth Day of April, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, or to such other Person or Persons as for the Tnre being Ih 11 be authorized and empowered to receive the said Debt to His Majesty,

■which Sum of Two thousand nine hundred and three Pounds Six Shillings and Seven-pence Farthing, and the Sum of One thousand one hundred and seventeen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, attended to be paid out of the unapplied Residue of the Testator’s Per-Tonal Estate, will make up the full Sum of Four thousand and twenty-one Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, so remaining due and owing to His Majesty a* hereir.-before mentioned; and in the next Place, the Money which shall :>rife, or be produced by or from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, shall be paid or applied in and towards the Re-invest-inent, or the Satisfrdion and Discharge of the several Sums of Ten thousand Pounds Three per Centum Consolidated Eank Annuities, and Ten thousand Pounds Your per Centum B nk Annuities, secured by the aforesaid Mortage; and the Residue and Overplus of such Monies shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of the deviled Ellares of John Tirel Morin 1 squire, deceased, pursuant to the Method •prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign ot King George the Firlf, Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the la.d Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of Receipt of the said Accountant General, and the Receipt or Receipts of any one of the Cashier of the Cashiers of the Bank of England thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment i«to ;,0O"d Dif-the Bank of all or any Part of the Money to atife by Sale of the Heredita- charge to ments hereby directed to be sold as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall Purchaser*. be a sufficient Release and Discharge for such Monies as in such Certificate . and Receipt shall be expressed to have been received; and the Person or Persons paying the fame, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Admi-nillrators, or Assigns, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Miiappiication, or Non-application thereof, or of any Part thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Mary Anne EirelMorin,.or Salusbury Pryce Humphreys, or any Person or Persons on their or either of their Request, shall advance any Sum or Sums for Payment of the aforesaid Debt to His Majesty, and the Interest, or any Part thereof, then, and in such Case, (lie, he or they shall, to the Extent of the Sum or Sums which'(lie, he, or they shall so advance and pay, itand in the Place of His laid Majesty, and have and be entitled to . the same Rights and Priorities as His laid Majesty had before Payment of the said Debt and Interest.

"V. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall, pursuant Disposition of to the Dirfdion herein-before given, be so paid into the B.ank of England, the Money to

tj

I"hoc. & Per.]

37*

shall, be paid into

3394

the Bank of England.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 165.

shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Messuages, Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein-after directed to be purchased, if of full Age, and if not, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out, subject to the Direction and Controul of the said Court, in the Purchase or Purchases of any Manors, Messuages, Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee Simple in Possession, to be situate, lying, and being within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and either in the Nature of Freehold or Copyhold Tenure, free from all Incumbrances, except Fee Farm, Chief, or Quit Rents, or Customary Rents and Services; which said Manors, Messuages, Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, b« conveyed, settled, ami allured to the Uses upon and for the Trusts, Estates, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers and Declarations which, under and by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Will of the said John lirel Morin, deceased, were previously to the passing of this Act, or shall be at the '1 iine of the said Purchase or respective Purchases, fulfilling and capable of taking Effect.

Woney paid into the Bank to be laid out in the Purchase of Navy «nd other Bills, unlil a convenient Purchaser can be found.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall, pursuant to the Direction herein-before given, be paid into the Bank, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Colts and sixpences, by virtue of the Provision hereinafter contained, shall in the mean Time, and until the said Monies (Hal ’ e laid out as aforesaid, be trom Time to Time laid out in the Purchase vf Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Inteielt arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall belaid out in the Purchase or other Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills; all which Navy, Victualling, and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there Temain until the fame shall, upon Petition to be prelerred in a summary Way as aforesaid, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General, for the completing of any Purchase or Purchases hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid; and if the IV >ney arising by Sale of any such Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bdl>, exceesi the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out in the Purchase thereof, then, and in that Cafe only, the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments directed to be purchased, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to his or their Representative or respective Representatives.

TheCourt of

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if shall be lawful Chancery to for the High Court of Chancery to make such Order as that Court shall make an Oi- think fit, for taxing and paying all Colls, Charges, and Expences, which thoCofU*1"8 have *3een incurred preparatory to, and in Fdficiting and obtaining this Act, and in making the several Applications to the said Court of Chancery in pursuance hereof, and in making and completing the Sales of the Hereditaments hereby made laleabieas aforesaid, a»d in veiling all

or

3395

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 165.

or any of the Monies which in pursuance hereof shall be paid into the Bank of England, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution, and also all such other Colts, Charges, and Expences as the said Court shall think fit, out of the Monies to arise by any Sale or Sales to be made in pursuance of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until the Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby made saleable, shall be fold, pursuant to the Di-redtions herein-before contained, they the said John Richardson and William M'-Inerheny, and their Heirs, shall permit and suffer the fame Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be held and enjoyed, and the Rents and Profits thereof to be received and taken, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to, or ought to have held and enjoyed, received and taken the fame, if this Act had not been made.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when the said John Richardson and William M‘incrhcny, or either of them, or any Trustee or Trustees to be appointed as herein-after is mentioned, shall depart this Life, or be desirous of being discharged from, or shall refute, or decline, or become incapable to act in the Trusts hereby in them reposed, before the same shall be fully executed and performed, then, and so often as such Case shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Messuages, Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be purchased, if of full Age, and if not, then of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, to appoint the Person or Persons to be proposed in the said Petition, or any Person or Persons named by the Court, to be a Trustee or Trustees, in the Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged \ and thereupon all the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Land, Hereditaments, and Premises, or such of them as shall from Time to Time remain vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, either solely, or jointly with the surviving or continuing Trustee, or his Heirs, shall with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner as to become legally and effectually veiled in such new Trustee or Trustees, solely, or jointly with the surviving or continuing Trullee, as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall require, upon the Trull* and for the Intents and Purposes herein-before declared of and concerning the same respectively, or such of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall to all Intents, Effects, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, have all the Powers and Authorities of the Trustee or Trustees in whose Room he or they shall be substituted.

X. Saving always to the King’s mofl Excellent Msjeffy, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executor*, Ad-ininiflraiors, and Assigns, ("other thin and except , the said Mary

9 A nut

Until Sales, the Rents and Profits to be received by the Persons for the Time being entitled to the same.

Power of appointing irt>w Trustee*.

General

Saving.

3396

Act to be printed by the King’s Printer, p-.idener

49° G E'O RGII III. Cap. 165.

Anne Tirel Morin, Salujlury Pryce Humphreys, and the said Salujl>ury Humphreys his Son, and ali and every other Person or Persons having or claiming, or who shall or may have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, pr Interest of, in, or to the several Hereditaments and Premises hereby verted in the said John Richardson and William M'Inerheny, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, or any Part or Parcel thereof, under the said Mary Anne Tirel Morin, Salusbury Pryce Humphreys, and Salusbury Humphreys, any or either of them, or under and by virtue of the said Will of the said John Tirel Morin, deceased), all the Estate, Tlight, Title, Interest, Possibility, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, which they or any of them had held or enjoyed, of, in, to, from, or out of the said several Hereditaments and Premises in case this Act had •not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, fj> printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justice?, and others.

The

0<f«errr3

The FIRST SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing A6L

DEBTS (exclusive of Mortgage Debts).

Amount of Debts and Funeral Expences.

Amount paid.

Amount now due.

PERSONAL ESTATE.

Value of

Personal Estate.

£■ s. j.

1,965 10 4*

"5 *7 oj

1,200 0 0

"7 >3 0

IfO O 0

700 0 0

3S° 0 0

6o 0 0

200 0 0

40 0 0

.•40 0 0

19 10 3

110 6 0

'.'*3 16 7?

t,<5h6 9 5

'.497 7 24

To His Majesty, the Balance of Accounts of I Receiver General of Gibraltar - - J

To Messrs. James and Rose To Meffrj. Neale, Grace, and Woodcock To William Seymour Esquire To New College, Oxford To divers Persons in small Sums

Funeral and Tefhmentary Expences:

To Carter, Undertaker for Funeral To Proctor, for Probate of Will

Total Amount of Debts, Funeral and Telia-q mentary Expeaces - - - /

Total paid

Total now due Personalty unapplied

Deficiency

£ s. J. £ s. d.

6,021 3 2,000 O O

182 16 10 I40 O O

j6 a 3 16 2 3

54 2 6 —

00 478 a ii|

1,123 *6 7 841 5 H

133 ° ° 133 0 0

77 0 77 10 0

.8,087 3 3

- 3,686 9 5

4,021

42

54

282

s. d.

3 'b 16 10

2 6

4,400 13 10

M97 7

*»9°3 <5 7i

Remitted from Gibraltar Balance due from J. Swcetland Esquire, Deputy Receiver General of Gibraltar Exchequer Bills -

Furniture in Hanover Square House, since fold for Carriage Horses, Gig and Gig Horse, fold for Furniture at Weedon, valued at Plate -

Wine, &c. -

Farming Stock -

Ready Money -

Secured by a Mortgage on an Estate at Hardwicke,-, the Property of Richard lvatts, since transferred ( to Messrs. James and Rose, on account of the Sum t due to them ... J

IntereA thereon, Three Years - £n o o

Deduct Property Tax - - 199

Half a Year's Rent for Part of the Farm occupied by 1 Mrs. How, deducing Property Tax - J

Total of Personalty at Tefiator’s Death Total -----applied or paid

Total

unapplied

MARY ANNE TIREE MORIN.

49* GEORGII III. Cap.\b$. 3397

3398

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 165.

The SECOND SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing

A&.

DESCRIPTION. Where situate. Tenants Names. Quantity. Rent.

A. R. P. £. s. j.

The Manor of - A Farm House, Two Bam?, Stables, Cow"\ Hardwicke In l’ollcllion

House for Thirty-two Cows, Yards, Gar- den, and Orchard, with several Parcels of ( at Hardwicke Elia. How 191 I 29

rich Failure, Meadow, and Arable Land J A Farm House, Barns, Stable, Cow House ") O O

for Twenty-iorv Cows, Yard, and Garden, / a Cottage, House, and Garden, and several y Endofures of rich Failure, Meadow, and j Arable Land - - - J at Hardwicke Eliz. How 207 3 9

A Close of Pallure Ground The Manor of Fleet Marston, with all Mane-"') at Hardwicke at Fleet \ Marston J John Fleet 1 2 26 300

rial Rights of Htrav*, Fishlngs, Shooting, > &c. - - J In hand

A Meadow called Goose Eve, and an Ayott'j

of O iers adjoining, and Half the River > bounding the fane - - - J at Ditto Tho. Grace 12 I 12 O O O ’t

A v elTuage, with Coach House, Stabling, ) N il. Hano-) In hand

&c. - J ver Square /

GEO. COLE, Purveyor.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 166.

An Act for vesting the detached Parts of the E Rates of William Farrer Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for paying the Incumbrances affecting the same.

[loth Junt 1809.]

WHEREAS William Farrer, late of Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, duIyexccutedandattefted,bearingDatetheNineteenrhDayofy«/y Onethoufand leven hundred and ninety-tight, zppointed Bartholomew Higgins Esquire, and Edward PearceGentleman, to be Executors thereof, anddevifed his Mansion House, with the Appurtenances, in Lavendon, in the said County of Buckingham, and all other his Freehold Messuages and Hereditaments in Lavendon, Warrington, and Cold Brayfield, in the said County of Buckingham, except as therein mentioned, unto the said Bartholomew Higgins, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Nmety-nine Years, upon the Trulls therein-after declared concerning the lame; and he also devised all his] Manors, Hereditaments, and Real Estates, situate at Lavendon aforesaid, Warrington, Cold Brayfield, Newton Bloffomville, and Clifton Reynes, in the same County; and at Harrold, Wym. ington, Kempfion, Marfion, Moretaine, Millbrooke, Stackden, and Car-dington, in the County of Bedford, and all other his real Estate whatsoever, not therein-before disposed of, with all his Leasehold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements wheresoever, not therein-before disposed of, unto Thomas \Loc. y Per.] 372 Higgins,

340 2

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 166.

Higgins, since deceased, and Jacob Warner, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (iuojedt nevertheless to the said Term of Ninety-nine Years), in such Parts of his real Estates as aforesaid, and the Trulls thereof; and also subject, as to his said real Estates at Harrold and Wymington aforesaid, to the Payment of the Sum of Two thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds to his Sifter, Ann Farrer, which was charged thereon by a Settlement made on his Marriage with Elizabeth Hope, and which he did not mean to make his personal Estate, nor any other of his real Estates answerable for; and also as to his Estates at Kempfion, Marston, Moretaine, and Miilbrooke, to the Payment of the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds to each of his Daughters, Amelia, the Wife of John Morgan Esquire, and Ann the Wife of the Reverend John Grove Spurgeon Clerk, for their Portions, and which were charged thereon in and by the said Settlement, (which said several last mentioned Sums he thereby directed to be exclusively chargeable on such Estates relpeflively), to hold unto the said Thomas Higgins and Jacob Warner, and their Heirs, to she Use of the said Bartholomew Higgins and Edward Pearce, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns for a Term of Five hundred Years, and subject thereto, and to the Trusts thereof therein-after declared, to the Use of his Grandson, Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, (then called Farrer Grove Spurgeon'), for his Life, subject to Impeachment for Walk, with Remainder to the Use of the said Thomas Higgins and Jacob Warner, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of the First or only Son of the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, in Tail, with Remainder to the Use of the Second and other Sons of the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, severally and successivtly in Tail, with Remainder to the Use of the Only Daughter, er of all and Angular the Daughters of his the said Testator’s said Grandson, as Tenants in common, if more than one, in Tail, with Gross Remainders between them, if more than One; with Remainder, to the Use of the said Amelia Morgan, Ann Spurgeon, and Martha Higgins, the Wife of John Higgins Esquire, as Tenants in Common in Tail, with Cfofs Remainders between them, with Remainder to thfe Use of the said Testatoi's own right Heirs; and as to the said Term of Five hundred Years, therein-before limited to the said Bartholomew Higgins and Edward Pearce, the Tellator declared the lame to be limited to them upon Trust, in case his Personal Estate, not thereby bequeathed, should be inefficient to discharge the Whole of his just Debt.', Funeral and Testamentary Expences, and Legacies 5 then upon Trust that ihey should, by Mortgage or other Disposition of the said Premises, corn-prized in the fame Term, or of any Part thereof, or by and with the Rents, Iflfues, and Profits of the fame Premises, or by any other Means that should be most adviseable, raise and levy tuch Sum or Sums of Money, as should be necessary to make up such Deficiency, and apply the Money so to be raised in Discharge thereof: And whereas the said Testator, faon after making his said Will, died without revoking or altering the lame, leaving the said Amelia Morgan and Ann Spurgeon his Co-heirs at Law: And whereas the said Thomas Higgins died on or about the Eighth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one: And whereas by a Decree made by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, on the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred, in certain Caules then and now de| ending in the High Court of Chancery, in the First of which the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer is Plaintiff, and the said Bartholomew Higgins

34-oj

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 166.

and others, are Defendants; and in the Second of which the said Ann Farrer is plaintiff, and Richard Orlebar and others are Defendants; and in the Third of which tnc Reverend James Morgan Dost ir in Divinity, and others, are Plaintiffs, and John Page and oihtrs, are Defendants; it was declared, that the said Will of the said Testator William Famr was well proved, and that the fame ought to be established, and the Trulls thereof performed and carried into Execution; and his Lordship did order and decree the fame accordingly, and that it should be referred to Mailer Ord one of the Mailers of the said Court, to take an Account of thr Personal Estate of the said Testator not specifically bequeathed, and of his Debts, Funeral Expences and Legacies; and the said Mailer was to inquire what Mortgages or other Incumbrances affected the said Testator’s Ell tes, or any, and what Parts or Part thereof: And whereas the said Master, by his Report, dated the Twenty-eighth Day of March One thousand tight hundred and seven, made in pursuance of the said Decree, and of a Decree made in a Supplemental Cause, in which the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer was Plaintiff, and John Harrison and others Defendants, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, certified, that he had taken the Accounts direct.d by the said D crecs, and Hated the several Particulars of which the Pe fonal Estate of the said Tellator did then confilt, and the said Mailer alto Hated the several Debts and Legacies of the said Tellator then remaining unsatisfied, exclusive of the said several Sums of Two thousand six hundred and fifey Pounds, Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and Two thousand five hundred Pounds, in the said Will, and herein-after mentioned; and the said Master found, that by virtue of the several Deeds and Will, in his lard Report mentioned, there was due to the said Ann Farrer, the Sifter of the said Testator, the said Sum of Two thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds; and to the said Jams Morgan, as surviving Trullee, in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the said John Morgan and Amelia his Wile, the aforesaid Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and to George Alorgan Esquire, as surviving Trullee in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the said John Grove Spurgeon, and Ann his Wife, the like Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds: And whereas, by the Order made on the said causes coming on to be heard, on the Twenty-ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and (even, on further Directions on the said Mailer’s Report, it was ordered, that the said Miller should inquire and Hate to the Court, whether the Deficiency of the said Testator’s Personal Estate, to pay his Debts and Legacies, and the Colls of the said Suits, and also the said Sums of Two thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and Two thousand five hundred Pounds, could be raised in the Manner directed by the said Will of the said Teltator William Farrer: And whereas the said Master, by his Report, made in pursuance of the said last-mentioned Order, and dated the Eleventh Day of March One-thousand eight hundred and nine, certified, that it had been alledged before him, on Behalf of the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, that he had made various Applications, and uled every Diligence by himself and his Agents, to raile the said Deficiency by Mortgage of the several Estates respectively charged therewith, but had been unable to procure the fame by Way of Mortgage, and hefubmi.ted to the said Master, that it would be greatly detrimental to the Property of the Testator and the several Persons now interested therein, if the several Sums to be raised out of his Estates should be raised by Sale for Terms of

Years

3404

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 166.

Years only, as by the said Will directed; and that on the contrary, it would be very beneficial to the several Persons interested as aforesaid, if the said several Sums were to be raised by a Sale of the Fee Simple of a sufficient Part of the detached and unconnected Parts of the said Testator's Estates; and that it would be for the Benefit of the several Parties inte-relted in the said Estates, if a Private Act of Parliament was obtained for velting the Fee Simple of the Estates, mentioned in the Schedule to the said Matter's Report, in Trustees for Sale, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, as the said Estates would fell to much greater Advantage than if fold for Terms of Years only; upon Consideration of which several Matters, the said Matter certified, that he was of Opinion, that notwithstanding the Deficiency of the said Testator’s Personal Estate to pay his Debts and Legacies, and the Colts of the said Suit«, and also the said Sums of Two thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, could possibly be raised in the Manner directed by the Will of the said Ttftator, no Evidence having been produced to him to prove the contrary thereof; yet that nevertheless such Procedure would be very inconvenient and injurious to the Parties interested, ro whom it would be much more beneficial if the said Deficiency were to be raised by Sale of the Fee Simple of a sufficient Part of the detached Estates of the said Testator: And whereas, by another Order, made in the said causes, on the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, upon the Petition of the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and the said John Grove Spurgeon, and Ann his Wife, the said last-mentioned Report is confirmed; and it was ordered, that the said Petitioners should be at Liberty to apply for an Act of Parliament, for veiling the Fee Simple of the detached and unconnected Parts of the Estates of the said William Farrer deceased, mentioned in the Schedule to the said Matter’s Report, in Trustees for Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for the Purpose of raising and paying so much, and such Parts of the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances aftefting the Estates of the said Testator as his Personal Estate was

not sufficient to pay: And whereas it appears by the said Matter’s said

Reports, that the Sums of Money, which the said Testator’s Ettate was not sufficient to pay, consist of the several Particulars let forth in the First Schedule to this Act: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, the said John Grove Spurgeon, and Ann his Wife, and the said John Higgins, and Martha his Wife, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Estatei com- That all and singular the Messuagts, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and

Pn"di"s?\ Hereditaments, particularly mentioned in the Second Schedule to this

ie"cu in * Act, and which are Parcel of the Estates devised by the Will of the said TiuiteeiCur William Farrer, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall, immediately from and after the passing of this Act be, and the same are hereby veiled in Sir James Graham of Portland Place, in the County of Middlesex, Baronet, and the said Jacob Warner, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said Sir James Graham, and Jacob Warner, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and singular the Uses, Eliates, Entails, Remainders, Limitations, Trusts, Charges, Powers, Provisors, i and

34 °5

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 166.

and Declarations, contained in the said Will of the said Wi liam Farrer-, but nevertheless upon the TrulL, and to and for the Ends. In. nts, and Purposes herein-after exDrelied and contained, (that s to lav), upon Trust, thac the said Sir James Graham, and Jacob Wo'iur and the Survivor of them, and the H. irs and AlTigns of fuel Sur ivor, do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by and under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, make Sale, and dil-pose ofrhe said Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act, or of fitch and so many and such Farts there.if only as the said Court of Cl ancery shall from Time to Time direct, and upon Payment in the Manner hereinafter mentioned of the Purchase Money, for which the said Hetediraments, nr any of them, shall be fold, do, and shall convey, and allure the lame Hereditaments, or such of them as shall be so sold as aforesaid, unto, or to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Hereditaments, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, or as he or they shall direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sum9 of The Purchase Money whi.ch shall arise from any Sale or Sales to be made in pursuance p^'nf'to^he of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom any such Sale iiank. or S ties shall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chance y, to be placed to his Account there, " ex parte the Purchasers of the devise.i " lilt,itrs of the late William Farrer Esquire,’’ pursuant to the Method prescribid by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Tv.eifch Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four; and under the Direction of the said Court, a competent Part of the same shall be applied in or towards the Discharge of the said Sums of Two thousand six hundred and fiity Pounds, Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and all other Sums of Money which the said Court of Chancery hath directed or shall hereafter ciireft to be raised and paid out of the Estates of the ft id William Farrer, or any of them, or out of the Money ar ling from the Sales hereby authoriz"d to be made; and that the Surplus or Residue which shall rem.in of the said T],eR<.firtue of Monies aft r anf.vering the Purpose aforesaid, shall upon a Petition to be the Monks to preferred to the said Court in a summary Way by the said Farrer Grove ^ePurchafeof Spurgeon Farrer. during his Life, and after his Deceale, by the Person or Eita e>, to he Pc onsfor the Time being beneficially entitled under the said Will of the said William Farrer, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age; but it Farrer’* Will, such Person <r Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Gua dian <m Guardians, be laid out in the Purchase or Purchase; of Freehold Messuages, 1 ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of Copyhold Lands,

Tenements, oi Hereditament, v\h cli may respectively be approved of by the said Court of Chancery; and upon or from and impicdiaiely after such Purchase or Purchases the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be pu chafed; and also, if any Part of the Estates hereby vested in the said Sir James Graham, and Jacob Warner, and their Heirs in Trust for Sale, as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall remain unfold after sniwering the Purposes of this present Act, the fame under such Direction of the said Court of Chancery as aforesaid, shall be conveyed, settled, and assured to for and upon such and so many of the Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such and so many of the [_Loe. & Per.] 38 A Powers,

3406 49° GEORG? 11 III. Cap. i66.

Powers, Provisoes, Limit ions, and Reftuctions as ihdl be then fubfirting or capable of taking EfLd, under oi n\ virtue of the said Wu. I the said William Farrer, of or in such of the Estates deviled by his Liu Will as Hull remain unfoiO.

P1' M.®"j

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which Hull be as ncU eP<«- paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Lid Accoun ant General, in Man* cut^'ih* *a,<1 ner ^erei,*4>efore directed, or so m.'Ch hereof as shall not from Time to i’urina c uf Time be otherwise odered by the Lid Court of uharirery to be laid jLinis, lie out and inverted or applied in Payment of me ievrral '.unis of Money, i*"'hcV°n C S(1d of the Costs and Expences directed to be raised and paid under the NavyDiredior.s of ti e laid Court, shall and may, in the mean Time, and until the fame Monies Hull be so inverted or appli; das atorefad, ard until the Surplus thereoi shall be inverted in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as afi resaid, be from Time to Time laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling or Transport Bids or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said N ivy or Victualling or Transport Bills oi Exchequer Bill , and the Money received for the fame, as they shall respectively be paid off by G>»-vernment, shall be laid out in the Nameofiht said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling or Transport Bills or Exchequer Bills; all which laid Navy and Victualling and Trans-porr, and Exchequer Bills, shall be deport ed in the Ba> k, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the Lme shall, upon a Petition, to be preferred to the H'gli Court of Chancery, in a ftnnmary Way, by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the H rrdiraments so io be purchased, be oidcicd to be sold by the said Accountant General, for the completing of any Purchase hereby authorized to be made as aforesaui, in such Manner as the Court shall think just and bi eel, and if the M ney at Ting by the Sale of any such Navy, Victualling, TrarTpori, or Exch qurr B'l s, v. htch shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall tx red ihe Amount of the or gin.il Purchase Monty f > laid out as aforesaid, ih.n, a d in that Cafe only, the Surplus which Ih 11 remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as w.iulo have b.-rn entitled to receive ihe Rents and Profits of the Lands direct- d to be puichaicd, in case the I me had been perchaied puiluant to this Act, or to the Kcpre-ientative of such Person or Persons.

C'rtificaf- of IV, And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of a>ic urt.mt the Lid Accouiua it General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One Voncf'nCid of the C Tniers of the Bank, to be theieto annexed and therevcith filed in itir the Bat fc, ih- R filler Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into

Dif'har e'To tllc Fuglend, by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Hereditaments

Pureluleu. Inreby authorized to belold, of his or their Pu'chafe M >nies respectively,

flidll from Time to Time be, and be de nicd to be good and effldual Discharges to Lch Purchasr or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, and to his or their repetitive H irs, Executors, Adminiltruors, or Assigns, for the said Purchase Money, or lo much thereof for which such Certi-

ficat'-s and Receipts shall be reipvdively given; and after filing such

C.iri fkatrs and Receipts as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be absolutely acquiittd ard dilchaigecl ot and from the la ..e Montes, and shall not be aufwcrable or accountable for any Loss, Mil'application, or Non-appl.cation thereof.

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. ibb. 31°7

V. And be it further enactrd, That in the mean Time, and until 'uch n-nts u tt Sales shall be made as aforesaid of the Hereditaments hereby authorized n*f'* to be told, they the said Sir Jama Graham and Jacob Warner, nd the fame tv.f.u* Survivor of them and his Heirs, fhftl permit and suffer the Rents and a,bei01'e* Profits of the said Hereditaments to be had and received an] taken by

such Person or Persons as would respectively h tve been entitled to, and ought to have held, received, and enjoyed the fame, in cale this Act had not been made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enactrd, That if both, or either Power °t an-of them, the said Sir James Graham and Jaab Warner, or any future x,

Trustee or Trustee?, who shall fuceecd to, or shall be appointed in the

Stead or Place of them, or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or shill desire to relinquish, or shall refuse or decline to act, or become incapable to act in the Trusts or Powers hereby repufed in them, or him, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then, and so of en as any such Case shall happen, ic shall be lawful for th# High Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, upon the Peii'ion of such Person or Persons, as far the Time being would be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditu-rrknrs hereby made laltable, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age; but it such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, thm, upon the Petition of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, from lime to Time, to make an Ordtr for nominating and appointing ar.y Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Stead or Place of the Trustes or Trustees so dying, or drfiring to be discharged, or going out cf Great Britain, or refuting, declining, or becoming incapable to act aforesaid; and when and so soon, and as often as any such Order shall be obtained, all the Estates and Powers which shall be then vested in the Trustee or Trustees l"o dying, or being desirous of being difehurgrd, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, either lolely or jointly with the other Trustee, shall thereupon with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and M inner, n 1 foihat the fame Estates and Powers shall and may be legally and effectually veiled in (he surviving or continuing Trustee thereof, and such new or other T ofttc or Trustees, or in such new Trustees only, as the Case may require, upon the fame Trusts and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and subject to the fame Powers as are herein-before declared of and concerning the fume Estates, or such end so many of the fame Trusts and Powers, as shall or may be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things aft in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts hereny created as fully and effectually, and with all the lame Powers and Authorities to all Intents, Effrfts, Construct ons, and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally by this Act nominated a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Powertothe the said Court of Ch inc ry, font Time to Time, to make such Orders,

and give such Directions for effecttng the Payments, Sales, Purchases, In- m'kTordert vestments. Nominations, Appointments, Conveyances, Settlements, Affur- an.i^weDi. ances, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things hereby or by any Order or J)e- lu jn‘*

S cree

3408 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 166.

cree of the said Court directed cr authorised to be made, done, or executed; ami f r the Payment of the Cod', Changes, and Expence', wh ch have been incurred in applying for and obtaining and passing chi' A ‘t, or preparatory thereto, or which shall be incurred iri carrying the T.uitsand Purpnfrg of the fame into Execution, as the said Court of Chancery fb.dl in its Diicrction think fi

SaeipjChufe. VIII. Siving always ro the K'ng’s most Excellent Majesty, and to His

Heirs and Suci^fTois, and to aH and every other 1'erson and Person?, B <u es Politick and C rporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors Execumrs, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and the first and every other Son of the said Farr it Give Spurgeon Farrer, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, and the D. utters of the said Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farrer, and the Heirs of then respective Bodies; and the said John Morgan and Amelia his Wife, and the said John Grove Spurgeon and Ann his Wife; and the said John Higgi i and Martha h.s Wife, and the Heirs of the Trfpeclive Bodies of the said Amelia Morgan, Ann Spurgeon, and Martha Higgins, and the right Heirs of the f.iid William Farrer, and (he Trustee* ct the Term of F.ve hundred Years, and ?he Trustees (or pnferving Contingent Remainders, re-Iprftively named in the said Will of the said William Farrer -, and all end every other Pet Ion or Persons claiming, or who shall o: may have or claim any Ellate, Right, Title, Charge, or Intertfl in, to, or upon the Hereditaments hertin-before directed to be. Ibid, undtr, or by virtue of the said Will of the said William Farrer), all such Eftatr, Right, Title, and Inti-nil, Benefit, Claim, and Demand of, in, ro, or out of the said Hnr-ditaments, as they, every, rr any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in cate this Act had not been made.

A-a to ie

IX. And be it further rnafted, That this Act shall be printed by the

thsKi‘,.je» Printer to the King’s m.ofl Excellent Majesty, and a Copy iher-of so

fruitir. primed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices,

and others.

The

+g° GEORGII III. Cap. 166.

34°9

The First SCHEDULE

To which the foregoing Act refers.

Being a Statement of the Debts Legaci-s, and Incumbrances, affecting the Eftatts of William Famr Esquire.

Due to Ann Farrer the Sum of

Due to James Morgan, as Trustee for John Morgan and Amelia his Wife, the Sum of Due to George Morgan, as Trustee for John Grove Spurgeon and Ann his Wife, the Sum of Due to Farrer Grove Spurgeon Farer a Legacy of Due to Edward Acton Adon and Frances Elizabeth his Wife, a Legacy of Due to Thomas Graham, on Morrgage ... Due to John Spurgeon Esquire, on Mortgage Taxed for Costs of Suit - - 1901 ix 4

Dedud since paid ouc of the Ttftator’s 1 0 0

Personal Estate - - ) . 8

Remains due for Colls already taxed

Due for the Cods of the Application for the Legacy of Adon and Wife, as taxed -

Total I

£■ S. d.

2650 0 0

2500 0 0

2500 0 0

200 O a

1000 0 0

1340 0 0

1773 16 3

316 0 8

60 12 t

12340 9 1

The following Sums are contingent Charges on the Testator’s Estates, viz.

Due to James Morgtn, as Trustee fnr John Morgan and Amelia his Wife, in case the Mailer's Report allowing the Claim of the said James Morgan, shall be confirmed by the Court .... 1958 10 o

To Harriet Higgins and Ann Maria H'ggins on the Contingency mentioned in the Testatoi’s Will 1000 each - - ... 2000 o o

Also the subsequent Colls of Suit and the C< fts of this Act are to be raised out of the Testatot’s Estates.

Wm. domville.

1Ltc. V Per.] 38 B The

34-io

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 166,

The Second SCHEDULE To which the foregoing Act refers.

A Moiety of the Bull Inn, at Olney in the County of Burks A Farm Huufe with the Lands therewith held, situate at Harold in the County of Bedford, with a finall Quantity of Timber thereon, late in the Tenure of Thomas Walton, and now of Austin Sheffield A Farm House with the Lands therewith held, situate at Kempfton in the County of Bedford, in the Tenure of Mr. Whitworth -

A C ittage with 46 Acres 3 Roods and 4 Perches of Land, or hereabouts, therewith htld, situate in Marston in the County of Bedford, with Timber thereon, in the Tenure of Mr. Randall -

A Farm House with the Lands therewith held, situate at Cardington, in the County of Bedford, with Timber thereon, in the Tenure of Mu Garrate The Modus or Compcfition for Tithes or Fee Farm Rent of OneGuinea per Annum, paid by Sir George Rcbinlon A Fee Farm Rent of Forty Shillings, issuing ouc of certain Closes, called the Pease Closes in Mill Brooke Two Farm Houses with the Lands therewith held, containing 353 Acres or ther abouts, situate at W; ming-ton in the County of Bedford, with Timber thereon, in the Tenure of Mr. Lamb -

A Freehold F.rm House and 38 Acres and 3 Roods of Freehold Land or thereabouts, therewith heid, situate at Stagfden olhe-rwife Stachden in the County of Bedford, with Timber thereon; also the Great Tithes of certain old Ir.clolurcs and Open Field Lands, in the same Parish, and which Tithes are held under Lease from Trinity College Cambridge, the Whole in the Tenure of Mr. BalS -

Total

Piefent Annual Rent.

£. s. d.

1200

120 o o

274 o o

50 o o

40 o o 110 2 0 0

270 o o

198 a o — 967 1 0

RICHARD KITELEE, THOMAS KING.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i6-j.

An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of Henry MoJftngberd Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Tart of the Purchase Money in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estates, and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. [toth June 1809.]

WHEREAS Henry MaJJingberd, late of Gunby, in the County WilloflTenry of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased, made and published his lad Maflingberd, Will and Tedament, bearing Date the Sixth Day of September ^ted 6tg One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, duly executed and atteded, cpt'17 a* whereby, after directing that all ins jud Debts and Funeral Expences should be paid, and charging his Real Estates of which he had Power to dispose, and all his Personal Edate, with the Payment thereof, he devised ali and every his Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Woods, Tenements,

Rents, Reitories, Advowsons, Tithes, and Hereditaments whatsoever, situate, lying, being, arising, happening, or renewing within the Parish of Gunby afevesaid. and the several Parishes of Bratoft, Candlejby, Burgh,

[Lvc. & Peri] 38 C Croft,

34*4

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 167.

Croft, 'Thorpe, Waineflect, Frijkney, Irby, Marlby, Huttoft, Bilbjby, Sutton, Rigfby, Orby, Grea/ Steeping, Welton, Winlhorpe, Firjby, or elsewhere in the County of Lincoln, unro Richard Meux Esquire, and Robert Chapman Gentleman, their Executors, Administrators, and Affigi.s, /or the Term of Six hundred Years from the Time of his Death, fc]5qn the Trusts there;n-aher mentioned, and subject thereto, to the Use of tris the {'aid Testatnr’s Wife Maria Massingberd, and Edward Walls of Spilsby Clerk, and their Heirs, in Trust lor the Use of the eldest Son wh'ch might be born to him, fir which his Wife might be enliert with at his Decease, for his Life, Remainder to his fa id Wile, and the said Edward Walts, and their Heirs, during the Life of his said eldest Son, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders, Remainder to the first and every other Son of such eldest Son successively in Tail Male, Remainder to the said Testator’s Daughter Elizabeth Mary Anne MJfmfford fer her Life, Remainder to - the iame Trustees and thefr Heirs during the Life of his said Daughter, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders, Remainder to the first and every other Son of his said Daughter successively in Tail Male, Remainder to the lliue h entitle: of Iris laid Daughter as Tenants in Common in Tail, Remainder to the said TVftator’s Brother Thctnas Majfingbend for his Life, Remainder to the Tame Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said Thomas Massingberd, in Trust to.preserve Contingent Remainders, Remainder to the lull and every other Son of the said Thomas Majfr.g-berd successively in Tail Male, Remainder to the said Testator’s Brother Charles Bo'le Massingberd, in the said Will named Charles Bowles Muffing, herd, for his Life, Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Hei s during the Life of the said Charles Bolle Massingberd, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders, Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said Charles Bolle Massingberd successively in Tail Male, Remainder to the said Testator’s Sifter Emily Mcjfngbcrd for her Life, Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said Emily MaffingberS, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders, Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said Emily Massingberd, successively in Tail Male, Remi nder to the said Testacor’s own right Heirs for ever; and the said Testator declared, that the said Term of Six hundred Years was limited to the said Richard Meux, and Robert Chapman upon Trust, that in case he Ih uld have a Son or Sons born :n his Lifetime or after his Decease, and his Daughter E izabeth Mary Anne should be then living, or he fhi'uld have one or more other Child or Children besides an eldest or only Son, (but neither of which Events ever happenedi, then that t..e fain Richard Meux and Robert Chapman, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Ihou d by Sale or Mortgage of the said Hereditaments, com. prised in the said Term, raise such Sums of Mmey for the Portions of hir said Daughter Elizabeth Mary Anti 1 ajftngb ' d, and all such other Child or Children as aforesaid, other than an eldest or only Son as therein particularly mentioned; and in the said Will there is contained a Proviso for making void the lame Term, if the said Testator should have no Children besides his said Daughter Elizabeth Mary Ann, or being such they should die before their Portions should be payable; and the said Testator by his said Will gave to his Sifter Emily Massingberd, after the Decease of his Mother Elizabeth Massingberd, during the Life of his said Sifter, one clear Annuity of One hundred Pounds, payable Half-yearly out of his Manors and other Hereditaments therein-before devised, with Potver of

Distress

49* GEORGII III. Cap. tGj.

Distress in case of Non-payment thereof: And whereas the said Maria M assinghfrd, the Wife of the said Henry Maffingberd, died in his Lifetime: And whereas the said Henry Maffingberd died on or about the Nineteenth Day of Gflober One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, without having revoked or altered his said Will, leaving the said Elizabeth Mary Ann Maffingberd his only Child and foie Hcirefs at Law: And whereas the said Elizabeth Mary Ann Maffingberd some Time fmee intermarried with Peregrine Langton Esquire, who hath ft nee affirmed the Su name of Maffingberd pursuant to a Direction contained in the said Will of the said Henry Miffingberd; and the said Peregrine Maffingberd hath Issue by his said Wife Four Children, namely, Algernon Langto.i Maffingberd, Samuel Langton Maffingberd, Henry Peregrine Langton Maf fmgberd, and Elizabeth Langton Maffingberd, all of whom are Infant* under the Age of Twenty-one Years; and the said Peregrine Maffingberd, and Elizabeth Mary Ann his Wife, in her Right, are now in the Pbf-, session and in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Manors and othfcr Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Henry Maffingberd, under the Limitations therein contained: And whereas the said Thomas Maffingberd some Time ftnee intermarried with Elizabeth Hawkfmore , Water/*, and hath Iliac Two Sons, namely, Thomas and Hompefeh, both of whoa , * Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said Charles Belle Maffingberd some Time since intermarried with . Mary Smith, and hath Iffiie Two Sons, namely, Charles and Vincent Amcotts, both of whom are Infants under the Age of Twenty-one: And whereas the said Emily Maffingberd hath never been married: And whereas the feveTal Manors and other Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Henry Maffinfferd, deceased, are fab] eft to the Payment of a Sum of Fdeven thousanu Pounds secured by Mortgage of the said Estates, and by virtue of the Charge created by his said Will for Payment of his Debts are likewil'e subjt ft to the Payment of a Sum of Three thod-,sand Pounds, Part of a Sum ot Four thousand Pounds secured by the Bond of the said Henry Maffingberd, which said Mortgage and Bond Debts are the only Debts of the said Testator that are known or believed to be remaining unfaiisfied, except the Suin of Four hundred and fixry-nine Pounds and Seven Shillings paid out of the Rents and Profits of the said devised Estates during the Minority of the said Elizabeth Mary Ann Maffingberd, in Discharge of a Debt due to David Thomas, and the lame Etta-es are also subject to (besides the said Contingent Annuity of One hundred Pounds given by the said Will of the said Henry Maffingberd to the said Emily Maffingberd for her Life) an Annuity of Three hundred and fifty Pounds payable to the said Elizabeth Maffingberd during her Life: And whereas several Parts of the said Estates devised by the said Will of the said Henry Maffingberd lie dispersed in the Parish of Scremby, and in the Hamlet of Ashfordby, in the Parish of Beljby, and in the Lid Parishes oi Candlejby, Croft, Firjby, Frejiney, Huttoft, Irby, Sutton, Thorpe, and Wairfieet. in the said County of Lincoln, and detached from tht Family Mansion House of Gunby, and from the Bulk and Residue of the said devised Estates, and consist principally of small Farms and Cloles of Land without any Farming Buildings belonging thereto And whereas it would be advantageous to the several Persons for the Time being interested in the said devised Estates under the Limitations confined. in the said Will of the said Henry Maffingberd, deceased, if such J . Parts

3 4*6

34*6

The Estate

mentioned in the Schedule veiled in Trustees, discharged from the Uses of the Will.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 167.

Parts of the said Estates, frtuate in the said Parishes Iaft mentioned, as are particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, were veiled in Trustees in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses, Trulls, Annuity, and Charges limited and created by the said Will, and that out of the clear Money arising by such Sale, the said principal Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds due on Mortgage as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, should in the first Place be discharged, and the Remainder of such Monies should (afrer Payment thereout of the said Bond Debt of Three thousand Pounds and Interest) be laid out under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates, in the County of Lincoln, to be let-tied to the subsisting Uses of the said Will of the said Henry Massingberd deceased, but determined by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid anJ Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Laid Peregrine Massingberd, and Elizabeth Mary Ann his Wife, on Behalf of themselves and their said Infant Children, and the said Thomas M>ffing-berd on Behalf of himself and his said Infant Sons, and the said Charles Bolle MaJJingberd on Behalf of himself and his said Infant Sons, and the said Emily Massingberd on Behalf of herself, do most humbly b-feech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, with their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby veiled in Alexander Johnson of ■the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, and John Skynner of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and their Heirs, absolutely and for ever freed, exonerated, and discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Estates, Limitations, Charges, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations in and by the said Will of the said Henry Massingberd deceased, limited, created, declared, and contained of and concerning the same; and also of and from the said Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of One hundred Pounds given by the said Will to the said Emily Massingberd for her Life, in case she shall survive the said Elizabeth Massingberd-, and all Arrears of the said Annuities, and all Powers, Remedies, and Trulls for leaning the fame (but subject and without Prejudice to the said Mortgage Debt of Eleven thousand Pounds, and the Securities for the fame and the Interest thereof, and also subject to the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds remaining due on Bond as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, and the said Sum of Four hundred and sixty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings, and the Interest thereof), nevertheless upon the Trusts, and to and for the Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the Powers hereinafter cxpielfed and declared of and concerning the same; (that is to say), upon Trull, that they the said Alexander Johnson and John Skynner, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, da and shall, as loon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by and with the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the said Peregrine MaJJingberd and Elizabeth Mary Ann his W ife, du ing their joint Lives, or of the said Elizabeth Mary Am alone, if Ihe shall lurv ve the said Peregrine Massingberd; and after the Death of the said Elizabeth Many

Ann

3417

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 167.

Ann Majfimgherd, then with the Confmt and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons who if this Act had not been parted wduld for the Time being have been bentficialiy entitled, under the Limitations contained in the said Will, to the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the fame Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, if such Person or Persons shall have attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, but if not, then with the Consent and Approbation in Writing of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, absolutely sell and dispose of the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby verted in the said Alexander Johnson and John Skynner, and their Heirs as aforesaid, either together or in Parcels, and either by Public Sale or Auction, or by Private Contrail, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the belt Price or Prices in Money which in the judgement of the said Alexander John Jon and John Skynner, or the Survivor of then), or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, can or may be reason tbly obtained for the fame, and upon Payment of the Monies for which the same shall be respectively fold in the Manner herein-after mentioned, shall and do convey and allure the fame Prernifes so fold unto and to the Use of such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs and Affisns for ever, or to such other Uses as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint, freed, acquitted, and discharged as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales as aforesaid of the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so vested in the said Alexander Johnson and John Skynner, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, shall be paid and applied by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Hereditaments in the Manner following; that is to say, in the first Place in or towards the Payment and Satisfaction of the said Mortgage Encumbrance of Eleven thousand Pounds, and all Inter, ft which shall be then due thereon, and in the next Place in Payment of the said Bond Debt of Three thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive the said respective Debts, and whose Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge and sufficient Discharges to the Person or Persons paying the fame respectively j and the Surplus of the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, after Payment of the said Two several Sums of Eleven thousand Pounds and Three thousand Pounds, and the Inte eff for the fame respectively, shall be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of the devised Estates of the said Henry Massingberd, deceased, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Corns, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of' King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth; and as soon as conveniently may be after the said Surplus of the Money to arise by such Sale or Sales as afdrdaid Avail have been fopaid into the Bark of England, the same shall upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said Peregrine Massingberd and Elizabeth Mary Ann his Wife, or by the said Elizabeth Mary Ann alone, in case (he shall (urvjve hinr, and after her Decease by the Person or Persons for the Time £Lbe. &f PerP\ 38 D being

The Purchase Money to be first applied in Discharge of 11,cool, fee u red on the Estate,

And the Residue of the Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank of Erg. laird, and inverted, subject to Debt!,

34i8 49° GEORGII IH. Cap. 167.

in the Pur- being, whose Consent is hereby made requisite upon every such Sale Laudato be *° aforesaid> (sfter Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expenct6 of settled to the applying for and passing this Act, and also the Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the Execution of the several Trusts and Powers hereby created and given) be laid out and invrfted in the Purchase or Purchases of Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be approved of by the said Court of Chancery, as being convenient to be held and enjoyed with such of the Hereditaments deviled by the said Will of the said Henry Majjingbcrd as are not hereby made saleable; and front and immediately after the making such Purchase or Purchase', the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased, Avail be conveyed, settled, and allured to, for, and upon such of the U!es, Trulls, Intents, and s, and with, under, and subject to such and so many of the Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations in and by the said Will of the said Henry Massingberd deceased, limited, expressed, ami declared of and concerning the Freehold Hereditaments thereby devised, as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall th°pJirlxllafc<1’ he paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General in be^aii^out in Manner herein-before directed, or so much thereof as ljia|l not be ordered Navy, Vic- by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in Payment of Costs and tualling, and Expences, according to the Directions herein contained, Avail in the mean Time, and until the; laid Monies Avail be inverted in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid out under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery in the Purchase of, Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest afifing from the Money so laid out in the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they rtiall be respectively paid off by Government, Avail be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and all the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, Avail be deposited in the Bank of England, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and Avail there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases Avail be found and approved as herein-before directed for the Investment thereof, and until the fame shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said Peregrine MeJJlngberd and Elizabeth Mary Ann his Wife, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, be ordered by the said Court to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing such Purchase or Purchases in such Manner as the said Court Avail think just and direct; and if the Money to arise by Sale of such Bills Avail exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so to be laid out as aforesaid, then, and in such Case only, the Surplus which shall remain Avail be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have b.en entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments directed to be purchased pursuant to this Act, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the personal Representative or Representatives tf such Person or Persons.

Uses of the Will.

Until Lands

Accountant

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That Certificate Certificate or CertTicates of the said Accountant General, togeiher

end Receipt with the Receipt or Receipts of any one of the Cashiers of the Bank of

England

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 167.

England to be annexed thereto, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery of the Payment into the Bank of England by the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Sales shall be made, of his, her, or their Purchase Money, of any Part thereof, shall be a good and effectual Discharge, or good and effectual Discharges to such Person or Persons, and to his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for so much of such Purchase Money as in such Certificates or Receipts respectively shall be expressed to have been paid or received; and that after filing such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such Order as the said Court shall think proper, for taxing or settling the Costs and Expences to be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, and in making the several Applications to be made to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and in making and completing the Sales of the several Hereditaments hereby made saleable as aforesaid, and in inverting all or any of the Monies which in pursuance of this Act Avail be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid in the Purchase of Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, or in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, accord* ing to the Directions herein-before given, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act intoEffeft; and also from Time to Time to make such Order and Orders as the said Court shall think fit for Payment of such Corts, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Lands and Hereditaments hereby made saleable, and shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Vrftualling, or Exchequer Bills, to be purchased as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in the mean Time, and until such Sale or Sales as aforesaid shall be made of the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby veiled in Trust to be sold as aforesaid, the said Alexander Johnson and John Skynner, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, shall permit and Lifter the Rents and Profits of the fame Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or of such of them as shall remain unfold, to be received by the Person or Persons w ho would have been entitled to have received such Rents and Profits if this Act had not been made.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That notwithstanding Parts of the Hereditaments originally subjected to the said Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of One hundred Pounds given or deviled to the ibid Emb Mqffmgberd for her Life, in case (lie shall survive the far'd 'Elizabeth M 'Jfxngberd, are by the Operation of this Act freed qnd discharged from the Hid Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge, and all Powers am! Reqtedies for securing the fame, yet nevertheless the said Annuity, or Yearly Rent Charge shall be, remain, and continue.

9 charged

3419

of the Cashier of the Bank to be good Discharges.

Payment of Colts and Expences.

Until a Sale, the Rents of the E ftaies to be received by the Persons entitled under the Will.

The Residue, of the Ellate* devised hv the Will to remain subject to the Annuities to Elizabeth Mafling-bcrd and Emily Maf. Cngberd.

3420

Power to appoint new Trustees of the Ad.

General

Saving.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 167.

charged upon and payable out of the Rrfidue of the Manors and other Hereditaments originally charged therewith, and not hereby vessel in Trust to be sold as aforesaid, with all Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for recovering and compelling Payment of the fame, from and out of such Residue of the fame Manors and other Hereditaments, in such and the same Manner as if the said Kefidue of the said Manors and other Hereditaments'had been oripinally the only Hereditaments subject to the Payment of the fame Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge.

VJI1. Provided also, and it is hereby further ennfted and declared, That if the said Alexander Jnhnfin and John Skynntr, or either of them, or any future Trustee or Trustees to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or be deli rocs of being discharged from, or shall refuse or decline, or become incapable to act in the Trulls hereby in them or him reposed as aforesaid, or shall g<=> out of Great Britan before the said Trulls shall be fully performed and executed, then, and as often as any such Case shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, upon the Petition of the Person or Persons who under or by virtue of the said Will of the said Henry MaJJing-herd would for the Time being be beneficially entitled in Possession, or to the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby made saleable as aforesaid, if such Person or Persons shall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, and if under that Age, then upon the Petition of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, during his, her, or their Minority, or respective Minorities, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons proposed in the said Petition, or named by the Lid Court to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place and Stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, and thereupon all such Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, or such of them as shall remain unfold, shall with all convenient Speed be conveyed so and in such Manner as that the fame may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee, and such new Trustee, or in such new Trustees wholly, as the Case may require, upon the Trulls herein before declared of and concerning the same Trust Estates and Premises respectively, or such of the fameTrufts as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and that every such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things aft and assist in the Management and Execution of the Trusts to which he or they shall be so appointed, as fully and tfftflually, and with all the Powers and Authorities, to all Intents, Effects, Confirmations, and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally appointed a Trustee or Trustees of this Act.

IX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Peregrine MaJJingberi and Elizabeth Mary Ann his Wife, and the first and other Sons of the said Elizabeth Mary Ann MeJJingberd, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of fu h Son and Sons, and the Daughter and Daughters of the said Elizabeth Mary Ann MaJJingberd, and the Heirs of the Body

and

342*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 167.

and respective Bodies of such Daughter and Daughters, and the said Thomas Massingberd, and his first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such Son and Sons, and the said Charles Bolle Massingberd, and his first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such Son and Sons, and the said Emily Massingberd, and her first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such Son and Sons, and the said Edward Walls, as surviving Trustee in the said Will appointed for preferring Contingent Remainders, and his Heirs, and the right Heirs of the said Henry Massingberd, deceased, and all and every other Person and Persons (except the said Elizabeth Massingberd the Annuitant, and Edward Walls, and other Person or Persons, if any, who are entitled to recover any Debt or Debts charged by the Will of the said Henry Maffingberd) having or lawfully claiming, or who shall or may have or lawfully claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, of, in, to, or out of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, hereby vested in Trust to be sold as aforesaid under the said Will of the said Henry Massingberd, deceased, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Messuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby made saleable, as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the To be printed Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof, so by the King’* printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, Pinter, and others.

ILoc&PfQ 38 E

The

34-21

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 167

Parish or Hamlet where situate.

Asfordby

Candlefby

Croft -

Firlby -

Friflcney

Hut toft

Jrby -

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

TENANTS NAMES.

Name of each Close.

Deforgefs, Abraham Young, Joseph Ciaytvorlh, Joseph -

Maffingberd, Tho. Esq. Hewifon, Samuel

,1

W right

Built, Samuel Scarby, Jolm

Hill, James -

Hewifon, Joseph

Rutter, John Young, Thomas

Brakenbury, John

Young, Joseph

Hewifon, Samuel Vere, Jehu

Wray, William

Six Acres Eleven Acres Ten Acres New Field White Croft

Three Acres Close

Four Acre

Hew Inclosure Close -

Twelve Acre Plantations Six Acre

Townsend Close

Gowdam Close Croft Six Acre Nineteen Acres Ten Acres Engine Five Acres Three Acre Four Acre Pailure

Four Aero Close Firlby Sixteen Acre Firlby Six Acre logs Two Acre > Vale .)

House, Home- 1 Head, &c. J Three Acres Stripe Corn Close Acre

Eighteen Acre Six Acres Forty Acre Little Part of D° Three Acre

Two Closes

Ings

Ditto -

T wo Acre Sandland Itigs Sandland Field Low Two Acre

Quantity. Yearly Rent of each Close.

A. R. P. £■ 2. d.

6 1 4 6119

II I 12 10 3 10

10 I 7 10 5 10

H 3 9 18 10 2

19 2 O 2 6 6 6

2 0 4 2 16 8

2 2 38 4 '5 9

4 2 3 4 '9 5

3 3 3° 467

6 2 23 11 12 6

11 2 8 ‘3 5 8

6 1 29 7711

I III 2 4 IO

6 0 25 948

19 1 13 28 19 11

IO I O 15 7 6

5 0 20 10 5 0

3 2 »4\ 4 3 6/ ‘5 3 9

S 1 18 10 14 6

4 1 4 5 2 7

6 1 8 660

17 3 21 ‘7 *7 7

6 i *3 6 ‘4 3

i 3 0 12 9

3 1 *<S 5 7 2

2 2 35 2 19 9

I OI9 I O 1

5 1 7 4 *5 3

1 0 31 I 11 0

17 2 16 23 15 2

11 3 10 16 10 9

35 2 H jo 0 9

4 0 34 3 7

3 0 36 3 1 3

18 0 37 20 1 1

I I I 017 7

I I 14 0 iS 8

2 I 13 2 6 j

2 2 0 2 10 0

039 0 19 4

1 3 11 1 16 4

Total Quantity.

Total Yearly Rent.

62 o 32

9 2 5

10 2 13

223

17 3 37

1 1 M

2 3 3

54 2 26

36 2 16

13 2 28

72 o 30

- 28 1 5

C *■ d-

7118 1

'5 *9 I

20 13 7

2 4 10

3 25 4

89 15 4

37 3 4

*5 *3 3

76 19 <5

29 9 7

(1continual■)

49# GEORGII III. Cap. 167.

SCHEDULE—continued.

34*3

Quantity. Yearly Rent of eaclr C ofc. Total Qamrirv Yea Total !y Rent.

A. R. P. £ 5. </. A. R. P 06 s. d.

3 O 24 3 i* 3

3 0 24 3 12 5

7 3 4 6 Ip II

'3 2 18 l6 6 8

7 2 3? 8 9 9

16 O 8 20 '7 3

iS 2 6 ‘5 i.? 1

8 2 7 7 S 3

- 00 CO O •73 13 i«

3 3 3° 7 5

5 O 3 6 to 6

I 2 34 2 n 4

3 3 34 2 7 4

3 3 6 3 ■J 9

6 O 7 1

3 3 34 r9 4 7

4 3 6 J

3 2 34 4 16 6

I I 3» 1 18 8

I O O 2 0 0

O 2 *4 0 11 9 1

3 O 6 5 9 4

8 O '9 14 la 3

3 3 18 6 11 3

4 1 22 7 0 4

4 I 3° 7 19 9

5 O 22 9 4 11

>3 2 16 21 XJ 2

I O aS 1 1J 3

10 0 36 5 1 7

3 I 28 2 14 9

08 1 15 I23 9 5

IO 2 O 18 7 <5

1 3 l6 3 10 9

I 2 19 3 1 6

2 O 9 2 13 5

4 I 9 5. 11 11

1 3 O 2 16 0

2 I 13 2 11 3

2 2 IO 3 1 6

4 O l6 s 14 9

32 0 12 47 1 CO -1.

Total - - 5r7 3 19 626 7 11

TENANTS NAMES.

Scremby Sutton

Thorp

Hewifon, Samuel

Bush, Robert Butler, Jafpcr Holden, Benjamin Young, Joseph

Fofter, Nathaniel Maidens, Jacob

Searby, John -

Wainfleet

Booth, George -

Hill, James Martin, James

Name of each Close.

Back Close

Seven Acre Twelve Acre Eight Acre Twelve Acre Ings, ae a. Dale D1- Ten Acre -

Close (Edward’s) D- D" House, Home- 1 Head, &e. J Sunkin Gowt 1 Three Acre J Four Acre Six Acre Four Acre Five Acre Three Acre Acre Piece House, Home- J Head, &c. J Holt Bull Close -

Thoroughfare Ditto

Square Four Acre Long D" Five Acre Thirteen Acre Acre Fen Dales River Four Acre

otf\ vith I

if

House and Toft in Ming, with the Duke Ancaster Tcft D1 with D Halfpenny Hill t D° Duke of > Ancaster J Ming Seven Acre Peperthorp, or 1 Rec'* Stripe - J Two Acre Two Acre Ditto A Piece of Ming's Land with Mr. > Badcock J

JN° BURCH AM.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S09.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NO NO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 168.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of the Honourable George Jocelyn deceased, in the County of Dublin, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence ariEng in the Purchase of Government Securities, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates fold. [ioth June 1809.]

WHEREAS, by Indenture of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively on or about the Ninth and Tenth Days of October One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and made between the Right Honourable Wills, late Earl of Hillsborough, afterwards Marquis of Downshire, of the one Part, and Harriett Countess Dowager of Clanbrajfill of the other Part, for the Considerations therein expressed, he, the said Wills Earl of HiUJborough, did demise, grant, and lease unto the said Harriett Countess Dowager of Clanbrajfill, all that and those the Dwelling-House, Out-Houses, and Offices of Templeoughe, together with the Garden and Fields then lately in the Occupation of Sir William Cooper Baronet, deceased, containing Fifteen Acres and twenty Perches, and Eleven Acres and twenty-seven Perches, Part of the Lands then lately in the Occupation of Elizabeth Doyle Widow, and adjoining thereto, containing in the whole Twenty-six Acres, one Rood and seven Perches, Plantation Measure, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Tallow and County of Dublin, to hold the fame, with the Appurtenances , (except as in the said Indenture of Release is excepted), unto the said Harriett, Countess Dowager of Clanbrajfill, her Heirs and Af-signs, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September then last, for the na-[Lae- & Per-] 38 F tural

3426

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 168.

tural Life and Lives of the Laid Harriett Countess Dowager of Clan-brnjfdl, His present Majesty King George the 1 bird, and his Royal Highness the then Duke of York, since deceased, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and for and during the natural Life and Lives of such other Person and Persons as by virtue of the said Indenture, and the several Covenants and Clauses for perpetual Renewal therein contained, should from Time to Time successively, and for ever be added to the Time and Term of the said Demise, at and under the Yearly Rent of One hundred and thirty-three Pounds ten Shillings and three Pence Sterling, payable Half Yearly as therein mentioned, in which said Indenture of Release is contained a Covenant for perpetual Renewal, on Payment of the Sum of Sixty-six Pounds fifteen Shillings and one Penny half Penny as a Fine on the Fall of each Life: And whereas by Indenture of Renewal, bearing Date on or about the Thirtieth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and made between the said Wills Earl of Hillsborough of the one Part, and the said Countess Dowager of Clanbrajfill of the other Part, he the said Earl of Hillsborough in pursuance and Execution of the said Covenant, for Renewal in the said recited Indenture of Release contained, did add and insert the Life of his Grace Augustus Duke of Grafton, to the Time and Term of the said Demise, in the Place and Stead of she Life of his said Royal Highness the Duke of York then deceased, and the said Earl of Hillsborough did release and confirm unto the said Countess Dowager of Clanbrajfill, her Heirs and Assigns, all that and those the aforesaid Dwelling-House, Lands, and Hereditaments, comprized in the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release, with the Appurtenances to hold the fame, unto the said Harriett Countess Dowager of Clanbrajfill, her Heirs and Assigns, for and during the Life and Lives of the said Harriett Countess Dowager of Clanbrajfill, and of His present Majesty King George the Third, and of the said Augudus Duke of Grafton, and the Lives and Life of the Survivors and Survivor of them, and for and during the natural Life and Lives of such other Person and Persons as should from Time to d ime successively and for ever be added to the d’ime and Term of the said Demise, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Indentures of Release, and of the Covenant for Renewals in the said Indenture of Release contained, subject to the Yearly Rent Fines for Renewal Covenants and Agreements in the said recited Indenture of Release reserved and contained: And whereas the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the said Dwelling-House, Hereditaments, and Premises, comprized in the said recited Indentures, afterwards became veiled (subject to the said Indenture of Lease) in Alexander Jaffray Esquire: And whereas the said Countess Dowager of Clanbrajfill, duly made and published her last: Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-sixth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and thereby gave to her Daughter Anne Countess of Roden (the then Wife of Robert late Earl of ftoden) her said House and Lands of Templeoughe, and after the Decease of the said Anne Countess of Roden, she thereby desired that the fame might go to her Grandson, the Honourable George Jocelyn (Second Son of the said Anne Countess of Roden) for ever; and the said Testatrix appointed the said Anne Countess of Roden foie Executrix of her said Will, and afterwards died, forne time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, without revoking or altering her said Will, as to the Disposition of the said Hereditaments and Premises;

i and

3427

4q° GEORGII III. Cap. 168.

and the said Anne Countess of Reden afterwards in said Year duly proved the said Will in His Majesty's Court of Prerogative in Ireland: And whereas by Indenture of Renewal, bearing Date on or about the Thirtieth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and made between the said Alexander Jaffray of the one Part, and the said Countess of Roden, and the said George Jocelyn of the other Part, after reciting among other Things that the said Countess Dowager of Clan-brajjill, one of the Cefljtiquivies in the said Lease named, was then dead, and that the said George Jocelyn named the Life of the Honourable Thomafine Cole Jocelyn his Wife, in her Place, it is witnessed, that in pursuance of the Covenant for Renewal, in the said first recited Indenture of Release contained for that Purpose, he the said Alexander Jaffray did dernife, release, and confirm unto the said Countess of Roden and George Jocelyn, all and Angular the said Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Indentures with the Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the said Countess of Roden and George Jocelyn and their Heirs, for and during the Lives of His present Majesty King George the Third, the said Augustus Duke of Grafton, and the said Thomafine Cole Jocelyn the Wife of the said George Jocelyn, and the Survivors and Survivor of them under and subject to the fame Rent, Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, as in the said first recited Indenture of Release is contained: And whereas by Indenture of Alignment, bearing Date on or about the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and made between the said Earl of Roden and the said Countess of Roden his Wife of the one Part, and the said George Jocelyn of the other Part, they the said Robert Earl of Roden and Countess of Roden, according to their respective Estates and Interests, did give, grant, bargain, fell, alien, release, and confirm unto the said George Jocelyn his Heirs and Assigns, all that and those the aforesaid Dwelling-House, Hereditaments, and Premises comprized in the said recited Indentures with the Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the said George Jocelyn, his Heirs and Assigns, for and during the natural Life and Lives of His said Majesty King George the Third, the said Augustus Duke of Grafton, and Thomafine Cole Jocelyn, and the Life and Lives of the Survivors and Survivor of them, and for and during the natural Life and Lives of such other Person or Persons, as should from Time to Time successively and for ever be added to the Term of the said Dernife, pursuant to the Covenant for Renewal in the said first recited Indenture of Release contained, and subject nevertheless to the Yearly Rent Fines, for Renewal, Covenants, and Agreements in the said first recited Indenture of Release reserved and contained: And whereas the said George Jocelyn in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, entered into Possession of the said Hereditaments and Premises at Templeoughe aforesaid, and continued in Possession thereof until his Death, which happened in or about the Tenth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas the said George Jocelyn died intestate, as to his Real Estates, which, upon his Decease, defeended upon his Six Daughters by his said Wife, Thomafine Cole Jocelyn, as his Co-heiresses at Law; (viz.) Harriett Jocelyn, Georgina Jocelyn, Louisa Joan Jocelyn, Sophia Mary Jocelyn, Anne Jocelyn, and Thomafine Jocelyn, who are all now Infants, under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said Thomafine Cole Jocelyn hath lately been appointed by the High Court of Chancery, of Ireland, Guardian to her said Infant Children: And whereas

3428 49° GEORGII MI. Cap: 168.

whereas the said Ellate, comprized in the said recited Indentures, late of the said George Jocelyn, deceased, and more particularly described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, would, on account of its Situation, if now fold, fetch a considerable Sum of Money; and it would be greatly to the Benefit and Advantage of the Several Infant Daughters of the said George Jocelyn, interested in the fame Estates, that the fame Should be veiled in Trullees, in Trull, to be sold, and the clear Monies thence arising laid out, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Irish Government Securities, to go and be applied in like Manner as the said Estates and the Rents and Profits thereof would have gone, in case such Estates had remained unfold; but, by reason of the Infancy of the said several Daughters of the said George Jocelyn and Thomajine Cole Jocelyn, his now Widow, the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore your Majesty's mofl duuful and loyal Subject, the said Thomafinc Cole Jocelyn, on behalf of her said Six Infant Children, Do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and Angular the said Messuage or Tenement, and Dwelling-House, Lands and Hereditaments, late the Verting the Ellate of the said George Jocelyn, deceased, and comprized in the said several Estate of Mr. recited Indentures, as aforesaid, Situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Tufte"' for Tallagh, (in the said recited Indenture called Tallow), and County of Sale. Dublin aforesaid, and more particularly mentioned and described in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, together with their respective Rights, Members and Appurtenances, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be vested in the Honourable and Reverend Percy Jocelyn, of Creggan, in the County of Armagh, and John Metge, of Athlumny, in the County of Meath, Esquire, and their Heirs and Assigns, for all such Ellate, Term, and Interest as are now subsisting therein, under and by virtue of the said recited Indentures, or any of them, with all Benefit and Advantage of the Covenants for perpetual Renewal of the fame Premises therein contained, but subject, nevertheless, to the Payment of the Rent, and Performance of the Covenants thereby reserved and contained, upon Trull, nevertheless, that they, the said Percy Jocelyn and John Metge, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Al-signs of such Survivor, do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, make Sale, and dispose of the said Hereditaments and Premises, unto any Person or Persons whatsoever, either together or in Lots, and by Public Auction or Private Contraft, for the bell Price or Prices in Money that can be obtained or reasonably had for the fame; and, upon the Payment of the Monies in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, for which the fame Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be sold as aforesaid, do and shall convey and allure the said Messuage or Tenement, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, so to be sold, with their respective Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or to such Uses as he, she, or they shall direct, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands whatsoever of the said Six Infant Daughters, or Heireflcs at Law of the said George Jocelyn, deceased, and their several and respective Heirs and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming through, for, or under them, or any of them.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 16S. 3429

II. And be it farther enacted, That the Money to arise by the Sale of Money to be the Hereditaments and Prctnifes, so directed to be sold as aforesaid, shall jr^'*

be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof without Fee or Reward ianj. into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of certain Estates late the Property of George Jocelyn, deceased, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Irish Statute of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

Chapter Twenty-second, and the general Orders of the said Court; and the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery of the Payment into the Bank of Ireland by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Hereditaments hereby directed to be sold of his, her, or their Purchase Money respectively, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the C.alhiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed and therewith filed with the Clerk of the Reports of the said Court of Chancery, shall from Time to Time be a sufficient Release and Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the said Purchase Money, or for so much thereof for which such Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts shall be respectively given; and, after filing such Certificate or Certificates, and Receiptor Receipts of the Cashier of the Bank as aforesaid such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators shall be absolutely acquitted, and discharged of and from the said Monies, and shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such Money, or any Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Purchase Monies so directed Monies be-lo be paid into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall fore Purchase not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied for the Pay- ,he

inent of Costs and Expences according to the Provisions hereinafter con- ^cocks tained, shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, iipon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the said Trustees, or the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being, from Time to Time be laid out in the Purchase of Irish Government Debentures, or Irish Government Stock, or other Government Securities, with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the ftiid Court; and all the said Debentures and Stock or other Government Security shall be deposited or transferred in the said Bank in the Name of the said Accountant-General; and in the mean Time, and until the said Debentures, Government Stock, or other Government Security shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes hereinafter-mentioned, the Dividends, Interest, or annual Produce of such Debentures, Stock, and Securities respectively shall from Time to Time be paid by, or with the Privity of the said Accountant-General to such Trustees or Trustee for the Time being as aforesaid, or any one of them, and by them or him applied and disposed of in such and the same Manner, in all respects as the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises, by Sale whereof the Money inverted in such Securities respectively, arose, were, or ought to have been applied, if this Act had not been made.

IV. Provided also and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That Court of it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, from Time to Chancery YLte. & Per.] 38 G Time ,0 malie 0>

343©

ders impeding die fame.

Court of

Chancery m3y direct Monies to be paid over to Persons entitled.

Rents to be received by Potions et,-11 lied.

Vew Trustees.

49c GE OR G II IJI. Citf. 168.

Time to make such Orders as the said Court shall think proper, for taxing or settling the Cofig and Expences, to be incurred in f'oliciting and obtaining this Act, and making the feve'ral Applications to be made to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and making and completing the Sales of the several Lands and other Hereditaments hereby made saleable as aforesaid, and by veiling all or any of the Monies which in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, in the Purchasso or Sale of fi)ch Debentures, Stock, or Securities respectively, according to the Directions before given, or otherwise for carrying the Trusts and Purposes ql this Act into Effect, and also for the Payment of such Colls and Expenses, as to the said Court shall fenin fit, out of the Mo-x.ies to arise determined by any Sale or Sales, to be made in pursuance of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for I he said High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be preferred by the said Trustees, ur the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being, in a sum-inary Way from Time to Time, to order and direct, if the said Court shall think fit, all or any Part or Parts of the said Irish Government Debentures, Stock, or Securities respectively, so directed to be purchased as aforesaid, to be sold aDd the Monies thence afifing to be paid, transferred, and made over unto such Person or Persons as would for the Time being have been entitled to the Hereditaments and Premises herein directed to be sold, in case the fame had remained unfold and undisposed of, according and in Proportion to his, her, or their Share or Shares therein.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, •and until-such Sale pr, Sales as aforesaid shall be made of the said Hereditaments and Premises, hereby veiled in Trust as aforesaid, the said Perry Jocelyn and John Meigc, pr the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, shall permit and suffer the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments and Premises to be received by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to have received such Rents and Profits, if this Act had not been made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Percy Jocelyn and John Metge, or either of them, or any Trustee or Trustees to be appointed, as hereafter is mentioned, frail happen to die, or be desirous to be discharged or decline to ad, or become incapable of acting in the Trusts hereby in them reposed, then and in such ‘Cafe, and when and so often as it shall so happen, the surviving or other Trustees, or Trustee for the 'Time being, shall, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to be obtained on a Petition to he presented, in a summary Way, nominate and appoint some other Person or Persons to be a Trustee, or Trustees, in the Place and Stead of him or them so dying, desiring to be discharged, declining to ad, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and when and so often as my new Trustee or Trustees shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, all and every the Powers and Authorities by this Act given shall be veiled in, and all and every the Trust Estate and Effects shall be conveyed, assigned and transferred, so as that the fame may be legally and effectually veiled in such new Trustee or Trustees, in Conjunction with the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee, or in

such

3431

49° GEORGG II III. Cap. 168.

such new Tru (lea or Trustees only, as the Case may ba, upon tha fame Trulls as are hereinbefore declared concerning the same; and that all and every such new 1'rustee or Trustees shall and may have, and exa"cife and act in the Execution of the Trulls and Powers aforesaid in such and the same Manner as if originally named and appointed by this Act, any Thing herein contained to the* contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enactetl, That the said Percy Jocelyn and John Metge, or any future Trance or Trainees’ to-be1 appointed as hereinbefore is mentioned, or any of them, their, or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall not be answerable one for the other, or for the Acts, Deeds, Receipts, Negleds, or Defaults, of the other of them, but each and every of them for his own Acts, Deeds, Receipts, Negleds, and Defaults only, nor for any more of the said Trull Monies than what shall actually come to their Tjtands respectively; nor for any I.ofs which may happen thereto or otherwuej in the Execution of the said Trulls, unless the fame fliq.ll happen by or through their own wilful Default respectively, and that they, each and every of them, shall and may, out of the Monies which shall come to their or his Hands by virtue of the Trulls aforesaid, retain to and reimburse themselves or himself all such Colls, Charges, Damages, ami Expences, as they, any, or either of thepi, shall or may bear, i’uflaia, expend, or be put unto, for or by Reason of the Trulls hereby in them reposed, or in or about the Management or Execution thereof.

IX. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies, Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Ad-rainilirators, and Assigns, (other than and except all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said George Jocelyn deceased, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming through or under them, or any of them,) all the Ellate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim, and Demand, whatsoever, which they or any of them had, held, and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments and Premises hereby veiled in Trull as aforesaid, in case this Act had not been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof lo printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Trustees not to be ani\vcrib' e one for another nor for Lcfs.

I

Genera!

Saving.

Afl to be printed by King’s Printer.

The

3432

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 168.

4, ' . , r . Jf) . r.* -

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Quantity of Acres. Tenant. Yearly Rent.

Messuage, or Dwelling- A. R. p. £ /• d.

House and Lands, called Templeonghe, frtuate in the Pari 111 of Tallow, in the County of Dublin. 26 X 7 John Orr >33 3

LONDON: Printed by Geor.ce Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 169.

An Act for vesting in Trustees a certain Tract of °P en Failure Land called Box Moor, in the Parish of Hemeihempjled in the County of Hertford., upon certain Trulls; applying the Produce thereof; and for better securing the Rights of the respective Parties entitled to the said Moor.

[10th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by Indenture of Feoffment, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-sixth Day of April, in the Thircy-sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and expressed to be made between John Rose and Richard Pope of the one Part; and Francis Combes the younger, Thomas Howe, Zachary Rolfe, Robert Pope, John Befowth, Stash Gladman, JchnShadde, Nathaniel Field, William Idowe, William Roife, Michael Howe, William Tounge, Richard Rolfe, John Turner, John Rogers, Christopher Befowth, James Puddcvat, William Lcnge, Ralph Puddevat, John Knevatt, Richard Birchemoi e, Henry Rose, Jeromye Knight, Daniel Howe, John Pope, Matthew Glenifltr, Ralfe P‘pe, Thomas Field, William Newman, bimon Coxe the younger, William Lolman, Edmund Howe the younger, John Howe, Zephaviah Befowth, Thomas Axled, Richard Doult the younger, John Baker the younger, Wiliam Howe, John Pipe, Jeromy Rolfe, John Turner, John Bliffe, William Hearnt the younger, Edmund Partridge, Roger Partridge, William Hawkins, William Rolfe, Thomas Mars one, fLoc. IF Per,] 38// Abriell

3434

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

Abriell Gladman, Richard Howe, Robert Cohnan, Richard Southen, Roger 'Turner, Thomas ould, James Maine,’John Hall, John Southen, Francis Maine ^Nathaniel Axtell, John Gould, William Shakemaple, Micah Humphrey, Abieza Hey, Thomas Gould, Francis Gould, John Priest, and Phillip Axtell of the other Part; after reciting that all the Meadow in Hemelhempfied aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of Castle Mead, Haywards Mead, Baylie Mead, Haybourn Mead, The Common Mead, alias Two Waters Moore, togecher with the Liberty of Fifiiing in the Water that runneth in and through the said Meadow, and all Profits, Commodities, and Advantages thereunto in any wise belonging (among!! divers other Things) by good and sufficient Conveyance and Assurance in the Law, was lawfully conveyed and allured to the said John Rolfe, Richard Pop:, and one William Gladman, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever; the Intent and Purpose of which Conveyance and Assurance, so to them made, was by a secret Trull to them committed to and for the Benefit and only Use whereby the Inhabitants of Hemelhempfied aforesaid, and of Bovingtcn, their Heirs and Alligns, might and should for ever thereafter have, hold, and enjoy the said Meadow, and all the Commodities and Profits that might or should arise thereof, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes as by reason of any Grant or Conveyance made thereof by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, to the late Right Honourable Robert Earl of Leicester deceased, and his Heirs the said Right Honourable Earl should or might have, take, and enjoy the fame, since the which Assurance and Conveyance made to the said John Rolfe, Richard Pope, and William Gladman, as aforesaid, that the said William Gladman died, by force whereof the said John Rolfe and Richard Pope were seised of the said Meadow and Premises in their Demesne, as of Fee by the Right of Survivor, in Manner and Form aforesaid: It is wit-neffed, that the said John Rolfe and Richard Pope, for and in consideration that the Money wherewith they bought and purchased the said Meadow and Premises was disbursed and paid at the Costs and Charges of divers and the moll of the Inhabitants of Hcmelhetnpjled and Bovington aforesaid, in Performance of the said Intent and Purpose, videlicet, that the Lid Inhabitants of Hemelhempfied and Bovingion might for ever thereafter have, hold, and freely enjoy all the Profits, C'ommo-diri.es, and Benefits of the said Meadow and Fishing, as is aforesaid, did grant, enfeoff, and confirm unto the said Francis Combes, Thomas Howe, Zachary Rolfe, Robert Pope, and all other the said several Feoffees therein before named, all the said Meadow or Moor, and the Liberty of fishing of the River or Water therein; and all the Rents, Profits, Privileges, Commodities, and Advantages thereof, or thereunto belonging, arising, or in anywise appertaining, to hold the fame, with the Appurtenances, unto the said Francis Combes, Thomas Howe, Zachary Rolfe, Robert Pope, and all other the said Feoffees therein before named, and their Heirs, to the Use and Behoof as well of the said John Rolfe and Richard Pope and their Heirs, as of the said Francis Combes, Thomas Howe, Zachary Rolfe, Robert Pope, and of all other the Feoffees aforenamed, and of all other Person or Persons whatsoever, by what Name or Names soever they be called or known, which then dwelt and inhabited within Hemelhempfied and Bovington aforesaid, and of all and every their Heirs, by equal Portions thereof in cjmraon, so long as they or every each of them or their Heirs should dwell and inhabit within Hemelhempfied or Bovingtor: aforesaid j and if 4 they

3435

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

they or any of them, or the Heirs of them, or any of them, should depart, remove, and not dwell there, then to the Use of such other Person or Persons, and their Heirs, for such Portion or Portions of him or them so departing, removing, and not dwelling there, in common with the rest then inhabiting there, as successively should, in their Places and Steads so departing and removing, then dwell and inhabit within the said Town or Hamlet, so long as such Person or Persons, and their Heirs, should so dwell and inhabit in their Places and Steads aforesaid, and so from Time to Time after every departing and removing to dwell within the said Town or Hamlet; then to the Use of such other Person or Persons, and their Heirs in common wiih she Rest then inhabiting there, as successively from Time to Time should in their Place and Steads so departing and removing at all and every Time thereafter dwell and inhabit within the Town or Hamlet aforesaid, and to no other Uses, Intents, or Purposes, nor in any other Manner or Form than was before expressed, mentioned, and declared: And it was thereby covenanted and agreed between the said

Parties thereto, that as well the said Francis Combes, Thomas Howe, Zachary Rose, Robert Pope, and all other the aforenamed Feoffees and Inhabitants of Hemelhempjhd and Bovington aforesaid, as all'o their Heirs and Assigns, which at any Time theieafter for ever successively should and ought to have and enjoy the said Meadow and Premisesin Manner and Form aforesaid, should and would, so long as they and every each of them should be Inhabitants and Dwellers therein, maintain, keep,observe, perform, and fulfil all such and so many Orders and Bye Laws as then were or thereafter should be made at any Time for ever, by Twelve of the best of the Inhabitants of Hemelkempjicd and Bovington aforesaid, concerning the using, enjoying, and possessing of the said Meadow and Fishing, to the best Commodity and Benefit of all and every of the said Inhabitants, their Heirs and Assigns, being Inhabitants there; as also for the felling, cutting down, and converting of the Woods, Underwoods, Bushes, Turzes, and Trees then growing and being, or which should grow and be in and upon the said Premises, to be employed, converted, and used to the best Commodity and Benefit of the said Feoffees and Inhabitants, their Heirs and Assigns, Inhabitants there for the Time being: And it was by the said Indenture concluded and agreed upon between all the said Parties thereto, that whensoever Twenty, Thirty, or Forty of the said Feoffees should depart out of this natural Life, and die, then at all Times after (if it be thought needful) upon reasonable Request on that Behalf to be made to the then surviving Feoffees, they should make or cause to be made a new Feoffment to as many and the like Number of the then Inhabitants of Hemelhempjledand Bovington aforesaid, to be elected Feoffees by the then Baylie of the said d own of Hemelhempjled for the Time being, and the greater Part of the Inhabitants of Hemelhempjled and Bovington aforesaid, and to the like Use and Behoof as in those Presents was declared, and with the likeCovenant», Grants, Articles, and Agreements therein to be contained as in those Presents were mentioned, and not otherwise: And whereas by Indenture of Feoffment, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand six hundred and fifty-nine, and expressed to be made between the said Seth Gladman, Nathaniel Field, Henry Rose, Daniel Howe, William Newman, Richard Dolt, Jeremy Rolfe, William Hearne, Thomas Gould, Abieza Hay, and John Priejl, of the one Part j and Sir Richard Combes Knight, Richard Combe Esquire, William Long

Bailiff

3436 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

Bailiff of Hemeihcmpfted for the Time being, William Long the younger, Jofias Martyn, Jofias Martyn. the younger, Frauds King, Jofcpb Marjion, William Marjion his Son, Captain John Turner, Samuel burner his Son, Jofias Howe, Robert Saiucer, Richard Salter the elder, Richard Salter the younger, John Gate the younger, John Howe Son of Francis Howe, John So it then Son of Samuel Southen, Samuel Howe, Michael Howe, John Howe the younger, Jeremy Knight the younger, Thomas Fryer, IViUia n Hitchcock the younger, John Puddevatt, John Owen, William Garrett, John Field the younger, Son of the said Nathaniel Field, George Newman, John Cia) it the younger,:Thomas Aberry, John Field the younger, William 2 oung thevounger, Samuel Turner the younger, John Turner the younger, brands Goodwin, Richard Turner the you nger, John Rose rheyounger, John Ci awley t he younger, Niche I <s King t he younger, Isaac Fieldibt younger, Seih Partridge rheyounger. Thomas Turr.cy, William Stratford, Henry Walker, William Wright, Elkanah Settle, Joseph Belton, Joseph Timer the younger, Nathaniel Nash the younger, Jonathan Pratt, Elijha Deacon, John Buckett, John Turner, Thomas Gould, John Gculd John Priejl, Thomas Priejl William Bunn, Zachary King theyounger, Richard Shat: maple the younger, Thomas llallfey, Jeremy Gould, 7homas Hayes the younger, John Knight, John Reeve, and Jeremy Gould the younger, of the other Part; after reciting (among other Things) that feverd of the Feoffees in the said last recited Indenture were dead, and that by fotce whereof the said Seth Gladman, Nathaniel Field, Henry Rose, Daniel Howe, Wiliam Newman, Richard Dolte, Jeremy Rose, William Heorne, Thomas Gould, Abieza Hay, and John Priejl, wetefeized of the said Meadow and Premises, with their Demelnes, as of Fee by the Right of Survivor, in Manner and Form afore laid, it is witnessed, that the said Seth Gladman, Nathaniel Field, Henry Rose, Daniel Howe, William Newman, Richard Dolte, Jeremy Rose, William Hcarne, Thomas Gould, Abieza Haye, and John Priejl, for and in Confi eration that the Money wherewith the said Meadow and Premises were purchased, was dilburled and paid at the Costs and Charges of divers and the mod Parc of the Inhabitants of Hemelbempjied and Bovingdon aforesaid, as also in Performance of the said Intent and , videlicet, that the said Inhabitants of Hcmclhempjled and Bovingdon might for ever thereafter have, hold, and freely enjoy all the t ruhts, Commodities, and Benefits of the said Meadow and Fishirg as a.'oresaid, did grant, enfeoff, and confirm unto the said Sir Richard Combe, Richard Combe Esquire, William Longe Bailiff of Hemelbempjied for the Time being, William Lcnge the younger, Jofias Martyn, and other the said several Feoffees therein named, all the said Meadow or Moor, and the Liberty of fishing the River or Water therein, and all the Rents, Profits, Privileges, Commodities, Dues, and Advantages thereof or thereunto belonging, arising, or in anywise appertaining, to hold the fame, with the Appurtenauces, to the Use and Behoof as well of the said Seth Gladman, Nathaniel Field, Henry Rose, Daniel Howe, William Newman, Richard Dolte, Jeremy Rolfe, William Hearne, Thomas Gould, Abieza Haye, and John Priejl, and their Heirs, as of the said Sir Richard Combe, Richard Combe Esquire, William Longe the elder, Widiam Longe the younger, jofias Martyn Gentleman, and of all other the Feoffees therein-before named, and of all other Person and Persons whatsoever, by what Name or Names soever they be called or known, which then dwelt and inhabited within Hemelh imp fled or bovingdon aforesaid, and of all and every their Heirs, by equal Portions thereof, in

common,

49° GEORGII Iir. Caps 169.

common, so long as they or every each of them, or their Heirs, should dwell or inhabit within Hcmelbempjled or Bovingdon aforesaid; and if they or any of them, or the Heirs of them, (hotlld depart, remove, and not dwell there, then to the Use of such other Person and Persons, and their Heirs, for such Portion or Portions of him or them so departing, removing, and not dwelling thtre in common with the Rest then inhabiting there, as successively should in their Places and Steads so departing and removing then dwell and inhabit in the said Town or Hamlet, so long as such Person or Persons and their Heirs should so dwell and inhabit in their Places and Steads aforesaid; and from Time to Time after every departing and removing to dwell in the said Town or Hamlet, then to the Use of such other Person or l ersons, and their Heirs, in common with the Rest then inhabiting there, as successively from Time to Time should in their Places and Steads so departing and removing* at all and every Time thereafter dwell and inhabit within the Town or Hamlet aforesaid, and to none other Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or in any other Manner or Form than was before expressVd, mentioned, and declared; and in the said Indenture of Feoffment now in Recital is contained such and the like Covenants, Proviso, or Agreements for making Bye-laws, and for felling and converting of the Woods and Underwoods, and appointing new Trullees, as are contained in the said last recited Indenture: And whereas by Indentures of Leafeand Rt-lease, bearing Date respectively on or about the Sixth and Seventh Days of August in the Ter th Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, One thousand seven hundred and eleven, and made between the said John Crawley, William Marston, John Southen, William Young, Samuel Turner, Joseph Turner, Nathaniel Nash the elder, Elijha Deacon, Zachariah King, and Richard Shake-maple, of the one Part; and George Lewis, Richard Salter the elder, Richard Salter the younger, Son of the said Richard Salter the elder, John Salter, another of the Sons of the said Richard Salter the elder, Thomas Salter, another of the Sons of the said Richard Salter the elder, John Puddephatt the elder, John Puddephatt the younger. Son of the said John Puddephatt the elder, Ephraim Boys, John How, Son of the said Ephraim How, Robert Greg rt, William Long, John Field, Ralph Held the younger, Bennett Puddephatt, Joseph Puddephatt Son of the said Bennett Puddephatt, Thomas Burch the elder, Thomas Burch the younger, Son of the said Thomas Burch the elder, Mrfes Spar ing the elder, Moses Sparling the younger. Son of the said 'Moses Sparling the elder, IVillLm Turner, Jeremiah Puddephatt, John Puddephatt, Son of the said Jeremiah Puddephatt, John Crawley the younger, Son of John Crawley deceased, Thomas Crawley the elder, Thomas Crawley the younger. Son of the said Thomas Crawley the elder, Edmund Crawley, James Oliver the elder, fames Oliver the ) ounger, Son of Jonah Oliver deceased, Peter Meadows, Luke Lewis the elder, Luke Lewis the younger. Son of the said Luke Lewis the elder, Samuel Lewis, Daniel Shipton the elder, Daniel Shipton the younger. Son of the said Daniel Shipton the elder, Francis How, John Wheeler, Nathaniel Brand/ey, Richard Walker, Shem Sheppard, Nathaniel Nash, Moses West the elder, Moses Weft the younger. Sen of the said Moses West the elder, William Fuller, Joseph Beldon the elder, Joseph Beldon the younger, Son of the said Joseph Beldon the elder, Jeremiah Knight, John Knight Brother of the said Jeremiah Knight, Robert Halsey, Thomas Seare, John Gladman, John Piysr, Samuel Sage, Ed-\Loc. ff Per.] 38 / ward

34

3438

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

ward Turney the younger, Zachariab King the younger. Son of the above named Zachariab King, John King the elder, John King the younger, Son of the said John King the elder, Francis King the elder, Thomas Bunn, John Puttnam the younger, Jonathan King the younger, Joseph Gould, John Bunn the younger, Son of John Bunn the elder, William Bunn, William Smith the elder, Edmund Neale, and John Budd, of the other Part; after reciting, (among other Things) that all the Trustees nominated or appointed by the said last in Part recited Indenture, were either dead or departed out of the said Parish of Hemelbempjled and Boving-don aforesaid, except only the said John Crawley, William Marston, John Sowthen, William Young, Samuel Turner, Joseph Turner, Nathaniel Nash the elder, Elijha Deacon, Zachariab King the elder, and Richard Shakemaple, so that the said John Crawley, William Marston, John Southen, William Young, Samuel Turner, Joseph Turner, Nathaniel Nash the elder, Elijha Deacon, Zachariab K;ng the elder, and Richard Shakemaple, flood seized of the said Meadow and Premises. in their Demesnes as of Fee by Right of Survivorfnip, pursuant to the said Trull in Manner and Form aforesaid; it is witnessed, that they the said John Crawley, Wi liam Marston, John Sowthen, William Young, Samuel Turner, Joseph turner, Nathaniel Nash the elder, Elijha Deacon, Zachariab King the elder, and Richard Shakemaple, did grant, bargain, fell, release, and confirm unto the said George Lewis, Richard Salter the elder, Richard Salter the younger, John Sailer, Thomas Salter, and other, the Releasees therein named, and to their Heirs and Assigns, all the said Meadow or Moor, and the Liberty of fishing of the Uiver or Water therein, and all the Rents, Profits, Privileges, Commodities, Dues, and Advantages thereof, or thereunto belonging, arising, or in anywise appertaining, to hold the fame, with the Appurtenances, to the Use and Behoof as well of the said John Crawley, William Marston, John Sowthen, William Young, Samuel Turner, Joseph Turner, Nathaniel Nash the elder, Elijha Deacon, Zachariab King the elder, and Richard Shakemaple, and their Heirs, as of the said George Lewis, Richard Salter the elder, Richard Salter the younger, and of all other the Trustees last-before named, and their Heirs, and of all other Person or Persons whatsoever, by what Name or Names l'oever they be called or known, which then dwelt and inhabited within Hemelbempjled or Bovingdon aforesaid, and of all and every their Heirs by equal Portions thereof, in common, so long as they, or every, or each of them, or their Heirs, should dwell and inhabit within Hemelbempjled or Bovingdon aforesaid; and if they, or any of them, or the Heirs of them, should depart, remove, and not dwell there, then to the Use of such other Person or Persons, and their Heirs, for such Portion or Portions of him or them so departing, removing, and not dwelling there, in common with the Rest then inhabiting there, as successively should in their Places and Steads, so departing and removing, then dwell and inhabit within the said Town or Hamlet, so long as such Person. or Persons, and their Heirs, should so dwell and inhabit in their Places and Steads aforesaid, and so from Time to Time after every departing and removing to dwell in the said Town or Hamlet j then to the Use of such other Person and Persons, and their Heirs, in common with the Rest then inhabiting there, as succes-fively from Time to Time should in their Places and Steads so departing and removing at all and every Time thereafter, so dwell and inhabit within the Town or Hamlet aforesaid, and to no other Uses, Intents, or

Purposes,

3439

49° GEORGS I! III. Gdp. 169.

Purposes, nor in any other Mannfer or Form than was before expressed, mentioned, and declared; and in the said Indenture of Release now ih Recital is contained such and the like Covenants, Provisoes, or Agreements for making Rye Laws and felling Timber, and converting of the Woods and Underwoods, and appointing new Trustees, as are contained in the said Lveral herein-before recited Indentures of Feoffment; And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release bearing Date respectively on or about the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Days of November One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and expressed to be made between the said John Puddephatt, John'£rawley,znA John Puitnam,of the one Part; and Windutilles Crompton, Clerke Willfiaw, Richard Birch, Hugh Smith, Wil. Jiam Ginger, Thomas Knowlton the elder, Elrjba Deacon, William Smith, Jacob Glover, John Newman, Joseph Newman, John Hatslkins, Michael Lee, Joseph Cam field, John Puddephatt the younger, Richard Walker, John Crawley, John Turner, Shadtacb Godwin the elder, Shadrach God-win the younger, Jtremiah Puddephatt the elder, William Arnott, Thomas Cosier, Thomas Squire. Thomas Kellain, William Tiverton, William Bedford, Joseph Collett, John Hording, Jkomas Glover, John Wardall, Nicholas ■Cole, John Beds rd, John Bryant, John Orchard, John Field the elder, I/iiac Feld, 11 illiam Puddefoote, Ephraim Love, William Cater, Isaac Field, Daniel Avis, Francis Warr n Robert Perry, Henry Moore, Bennett Pud-dephatt, Jeremiah Puddepbait the younger, Matthew Brick and, William Troll, Thomas Knowlton the younger, William Weedon, John Turffcry, Richard Wa ren, John Field the younger, Edward Hughes, Thomas Whitely, Samuel Lawrence, John Lovell, John Smith, Francis King the elder, Richard Clarke, George Bunn, Joseph Dell, John Aujlin, William Glenifler the younger, Thomas Smith (youngest Son of John Smith), F'artcis King the younger, John Batcheldor, Edward Ivory, and John Brooks the younger, of the other Part; after reciting (among other Things) that all the said Trustees nominated and appointed by the said recited Indenture of Release, were either dead or departed out of the said Parish of Heraclhempfied and Hamlet of Bovingdon aforesaid, except only the said John Vudaephalt the elder, John Crawley, and John Puitnam, so that they the said Jdhn Puddphatt the elder, John Crawley, and John Puitnam were and flood f:ized of the said Meadow or Moor and Premia's in their Demesne, as of Fee by Right of Survivorship, pursuant to the said Trust in Manner and Form aforesaid; it is witnessed that the said John Puddephatt the elder, John Crawley, and John Puitnam, in pursuance and in Part of the Pertorma ce of the said Trust, did grant, bargain, Jell, rtleale, and confirm unto the said Windmills Crompton, Clerke Will-shaw, Richard Birch, Hugh Smith, William Ginger, Thomas Knowlton the elder, LI foa Deacon, and other the lleleafees therein named, and to their Heirs and Alligns, ail that the said Meadow lying in the Parish of Hemel-bempjled aforesaid, formerly called or known by the Name or Names ot Castle Mead, JJaywa ds Mend, Bay ley Mead, Hay bourn Mead, The Common Mead, otheiwile Two Waters Moore, and then all of them called Box M-ore, together with the Liberty of iishing in the Water that runneth in and through the said Meadows, and all Profits, Commodities, and Advantages thereunto belonging or in anywise appertaining; to hold the lame with the Appurtenances to the Uie and Behoof as well of ti.e said John Puddephatt the elder, John Crawley, and John Puttnam, and their Ilcirs, as of t.ie said Windmills Crompton, Clerke Willjbaw, Richard 3 Birch,

3440

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

Birch, Hugh Smith, William Ginger, Thomas Knowlton the elder, Elijha Deacon, and of all other the Trustees last therein-before named, and their Heirs, and of all other Person or Persons whatsoever, by what Name or Names soever they be called or known, which then dwelt and were Inhabitants of Hemelhemp/led and Bovingdon aforesaid, and of all and every of their Heirs, by equal Portions thereof, in common, so long as they or each of them, or their Heirs, should dwell and be Inhabitants of Hemelhempjied or Bovingdon aforesaid; and if they or any of them, or the Heirs of them, should depart, remove, or not dwell there, then to the Use of such other Person or Persons, and their Heirs, for such Portion or Portions of him or them so departing, removing, and not dwelling there, in common with the Rest then inhabiting there, as successively should in their Places and Steads so departing and removing then dwell and be Inhabitants of Hemelhempjied and Bovingdon, so long as such Person or Persons, and their Heirs, should so dwell and be Inhabitants in their Places and Steads aforesaid, and so from Time to Time after every departing or removing to dwell in Hemelhempjied and Bovingdon; then to the Use of such other Person or Persons, and their Heirs, in common with the Rest then inhabiting there as successively from Time to Time should in their Places and Steads so departing and removing at all and every Time thereafter so dwell and inhabit within Hemelhempjied and Bovingdon aforesaid, and to none other Uses, Intents or Purposes, nor in any other Manner or Form than was before expressed, mentioned, and declared; and in the said Indenture of Release now in recital is contained such and the like Covenants, Proviso, or Agreements for making Bye Laws, and for felling and converting of the Woods and Underwoods, and appointing new Trustees as are contained in the said several herein-before recited Indentures of Feoffment and Release respectively: And whereas by Indenture of Feoffment beating Date on or about the Twentieth Day of April One thousand fever, hundred and eighty-seven, and exprffed to be made between the said Elijha Deacon the elder, Joseph Newman, Shadrach Godwin the elder, Thomas Kellam, William Tiverton, Henry Moore, Jeremiah Puddephatt, Matthew Brickland, Thomas Knowlton, and John Field, of the one Part; and Thomas Hudson, William Ginger, Thomas Squire, Samuel Squire, Thomas Collett, William Collett, Thomas Warren, Francis Warren, John Birdfey, William Roberts, John Tompjon, Georg Tompfon, John Glover, John Gliham, William Brazier, Thomas Furnivale the elder, Robert John Hodgson, George Hudson, John Newman, Thomas Furnivall the younger, Joseph Hagger, Thomas Lines, William Wee don, James Field, Benjamin Preedy, John Craw ey the younger, Shadrach Godwin the younger, Edward Harding, John Cornfield, Joseph Canfield, John Cotton, William Jennings, Elijha Deacon the younger, Edward Holmes, Samuel Collett, George Holloway, James Holloway, John Jennings, Thomas Trott, Isaac Field, Samuel Redding, William Mills, David Nicholls, William Johnson, William Bedford, Francis Bolton, William Bolton, William Darley, Thomas Hudson, John Batcheldor, John Hight, Joseph Hight (Son of the said John Hight), Edward Suffolk, Joseph Suffolk, (Son of the said Edward Suffolk), Daniel Blacknell senior, and John Blacknell, of the other Part; they the said Elijha Deacon the elder, Joseph Newman, John Crawley, Shadrach Godwin the elder, Thomas Kellam, William Tiverton, Henry Moore, Jeremiah Puddephatt, Matthew Brickland, Thomas Knowlton, John Field, and Samuel Lawrence, did grant, bargain, fell,

enfeoff*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

enfeoff, and confirm unto the said Thomas Hudson, William Ginger, Thomas Sqoire, Samuel Squire, Thmat Collett, William Collett, Thomas Warren, Francis Warren, and all the other Feoffees therein named, and toaheir Heirs and Assigns, all that the said Meadow lying in the Parish of Hemelhempjled aforesaid, formerly called or known by the Name or Names of Castle Mead, Haywards Mead, Bailey Mead, Harbourne Mead, The Common Mead, otherwise Two Waters Moore, and then all of them called Box Moore, together with the Liberty of fishing in the Water that runneth in and through the said Meadows, and all Profits, Commodities, and Advantages thereunto belonging or in anywTe appertaining; to hold the fame with the Appurtenances to the Use and Behoof as well of the said Elijha Deaecn the elder, Joseph Newman, John Crawley the elder, Shadrach Godwin the elder, Thomas he Ham, William Tiverton, Henry Moore, Jeremiah Pud-dephatt, Matthew Brickland, Thomas Knowlton, John Field, and Samuel Lawrence, as of the said Thomas Hudson, William Ginger, Thomas Squire, Samuel Squire, Thomas Collett, Willi m Collett, Thomas Warren, Francis Warren, and of all other the'l'rullees last therein-before named, and their Heirs; upon the Trusts nevertheless, and to and for the several Ends, Intents, and Purposes therein-after expressed or declared, of or concerning the same; (that is to say) in Trull and for the mutual Benefit of them the said Elijha Deacon the elder, Joseph Newman, John Crawley the elder, Shadrach ( cdwin the elder, Thomas KelL-.m, William Tiverton, Henry Moore, Jeremiah Puddephait, Matthew Brickland, Thomas Knowlton, John Fjeld, Samuel Lawrence, and all other the Feoffees therein-before named, and all other Person and Persons whomsoever, by what Name or Names soever they be called or known, which then dwelt and were Inhabitants of Hemelhempjled and Bovirgdon aforesaid, and their resptdLe Heirs, by equal Portions thereof in common, so long as they or every or each of them, or their Heiis, should dwell and be Inhabitants of Hemelhempjled or Bovingdon aforesaid; and if they or any of them, or the Heirs of them, should depart, remove, and not dwell there, then in Trull for such other Person or Persons, and their respective Heirs, for such Portion or Portions of him or them so departing, removing, and not dwelling there, in common with the Rest then inhabiting there, as successively Ihoulu in their Places and Steads so departing and removing, then dwell and be Inhabitants of Hemelhempjled and Bovingdon, so long as such Person or Persons and their Heirs should so dwell and be Inhabitants in their Places and Steads aforesaid, and so from Time to Time after every departing or removing to dwell in Hemelhempjled and Bovingdon; then in Trult for such other Person or Persons and their respective Heirs in common with the Relt then inhabiting there as successively from Time to Time shouickin their Places and Steads so departing and removing at all and every Time thereafter so dwell and inhabit within Heme'hempjled and Bovingdon aforesaid, and to and upon no other Trulls, Intents, or Purposes, nor in any other Manner or Form than is therein before expressed, mentioned and declared: And it was thereby covenanted, declared, and agreed, that as well the said Thomas Hudson, William Ginger, ‘shomas Squire, Samuel Squire, Thomas Collett, William Collett, Thomas Warren, Francis Warren, and all other the therein-before named Trulleesand Inhabitants of Hemelhempjled and Bovingdon aforesaid, as a'so their respective Heirs and Assigns which at any Time thereafter for ever successively should and ought to have and enjoy the said Meadow or Moor and Premises thereby [Loc. £5* Per,] 38 K granted

34-42

49° GEORGII III. I 69-

granted and enfeoffed, or intended so to be, in Manner and Form aforesaid, fh'iuld and would, so long as they and every of them be Inhabitant and Dwel'ers there, maintain and keep, observe, perform and fulfil all such and so many Orders and Bye Laws as then were or should be made at any Time for ever, by Twelve of the chief Inhabitants of Hemelhempfled and Bovingdon aforesaid, as should be appointed a Committee by a Majority of the Trustees, concerning the using, enjoying, and possessing of the said Meadow and Fishing, to the bed Commodity and Benefit of all and every the said Inhabitants, their Heiis and Assigns, being Inhabitants there, as also for the felling, cutting down, and converting of the Woods, Underwoods, Bushes, Furzes, TreeS, and other Things then growing or being, or which should grow or be in or upon the said Premises, to be employed, converted and used to the best Commodity and Benefit of the said Trustees and Inhabitants there for the Time being, their respective Heirs and Assigns; and it was thereby provided and agreed upon between all the said Parties thereto, that whensoever Twenty, Thirty or Forty of the said Trustees should deparc this natural Life, then at all Times after (if it be thought needful) upon reasonable Request on that Behalf to be made to the then surviving Trustees or the major Part of them, the surviving Trustees or the major Part of them should make, or caul’e to be made, a new Feoffment or Conveyance to as many the Ike Number of the Inhabitants of Hemelhempjled and Bo-virgdon afore fai !,tobe elected Trustees by the then Bailiff of Hemelhempfled for the Time being, and the greater Part of the Inhabitants of Hemelbemtp-fled and Bovingdon, and to, for, and upon the like Uses, Trusts, End-,* Inents and Puiposts as in those Presents are declared, and with the like Covenants, Grants, Articles, and Agreements therein to be contained as in those Presents were contained, and not otherwise: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date on or about the First Day of "June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and made between the said Elisha Deacon the elder, Thomas Kellam, ’Jeremiah Puddephatt, Matthew Brickland, "John Field, Thomas Squire, SamuetSquire, Thomas Co.lett, M illiam CellettfTbomas Watren, Francis Warren, John Birdfey, William Roberts, John Thompson, George Thompson, John Glover, John Gilham, William Btajhier, John Newman, Thomas Furnival, Thomas Lines, IVtlhamlVeedon, John Crawley, Edward Harding, Joseph Camfield, John Cotton, William Jecn.ngs. F.lijha Deacon the younger, Samuel Collett, George Holloway, James Holloway, John Jennings, Isaac Field, Samuel Reading, Will.am Mills, David Ni bolls, William Johnson, William Bedford, Francis Bolton, William B l cn, Thomas Hudson, John Batcheldor, John Hight, Joseph flight, Edward Suffolk, and J feph Suffolk, who were all the surviving Feoffees and joint Tenants of the Land and Hereditaments comprised in the said last recited Indentures of Feoffment, and therein-after mentioned, of the one Part; and John impey of the other Part; they the said surviving Feoffees did thereby covenant with the said John hipey that they would levy a Fine Sur cognizancede droit comeceo, et cetera, of the said Meadow and Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Indentures, with the Appurtenances; and it was thereby declared, that the said Fine, when levied, should enure to the Use and Behoof of the said surviving Feoffees, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon the Trusts nevertheless expressed and declared, of and concerning the said Hereditaments and Premises in and by the said Jail recited Indenture of Feoffment: And whereas a Fine was afterwards

3443

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

■wards duly levied of the said Land and Hereditaments, pursuant to the Covenant in that Behalf contained in the said last-recited Indenture: And whereas by a Deed Poll or Instrument in Writing, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, under the Hands and Seals of Thomas Squire, Samuel Collett, William Jennings, William Collett, Harry Grover, John Batcheldor, Charles Howe, 7homas Collett, Francis Warren, J'ojeph Flight, William Roberts, and Thomas Godwin, reciting that the Inhabitants at large of the Parish of Hemelhemplied and Hamlet of Bovingdon were the exclusive Owners of a certain Parcel of open Palture Ground, called Box Moor, in the Parish of Hemelhempjled; and that at a Meeting of the Feoffees and Trustees of Box Moor aforesaid, and of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Hemelhempjled and Hamlet of Bovingdon, it was proposed and resolved, that a Committee of Seven of the Trustees and Inhabitants aforesaid should be appointed to treat with the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal for the Land on Box Moor, through which the said Canal was intended to pass, and for other Damages to be done to the said Moor on the Occasion, and toinfpeft and supervise the Works to be carried on at the Canal on the said Moor, and to i'ecure to the said Parish and Hamlet, and the Inhabitants thereof, all proper and requisite Advantages and Benefits, and otherwise to transact all Matters for the Benefit of the said Moor and Inhabitants, to the fame Extent as the Trustees of the said Moor or Inhabitants aforesaid could do; and it was agreed, that the Lid Thomas Squire, William Jennings, and Samuel Collett, Mr. David Nicholls, and the said Harry Grover, John Batcheldor, and Charles Howe, be the Committee appointed for the above Purpose; and that any Three of them should be competent toad in any of the Matters to which the said Committee was thereby appointed, Notice being first given to all the said Committee; and reciting, that the Company of Proprietors of the said Grand Junction Canal, incorporated by an Act of Parliament passed in the I hirry-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for mating and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal havgation at Braunlion, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thame.-, at or nt r Brentford, in the County of Middlesex; and also certain collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; having, in pursuance of the Powers and Dirtdions contained in the said Act, cut, made, and formed their fai l Canal, with the towing or hauling Path through and along the said ra-cel oi Palture Ground, called Box Moor, did some Time since contract and agree with the Trustees of the said Moor, not only for the Purchase of so much thereof as they the said Company had cut and taken for the Purpose of making and forming the said Canal and Towing Path through the fame, but also for the Purchase of divers Pieces or Parcels of the said Moor, which had been cut off, out, and fepirated from the Rest of the said Moor, and which laid separated Pieces of Land were thereafter more particularly described at the following Prices, videlicet, at the Price of Fort)-five Pounds per Acreior the fepatated Piece of Land thereafter described, to contain Six Acres, Three Roods, and Thirty-five Perches, and described in a Plan thereto annexed under the Figure Two; and for the Price of Thirty-two Pounds an Acre for all the other Land and separated Parcels of Land agreed to be purchased by the Company; and reciting, that at a Meeting of the Trustees of Box Moor and Inhabitants of Hemelhempjled and Bovingdon, convened by public Notice on the

34-44

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

the Fourteenth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it was, upon a Representation that Mr. David Nicholls, One of the Committee appointed at the said former Meeting, had removed from the Parish of Hemelhempjied aforesaid, and ceased to become an Inhabitant thereof, resolved, that the said William Collett be appointed One of the Committee in the Room of the said David Nicholls. and the said William Collett, with the other S'x Persons theretofore nominated, should thenceforth compose the Committee for the Purpose for which it was appointed, or on any other Occasion to be thereafter resolved upon, with the fame Powers and Authorities with which the former Committee were inverted; and that the Seven Persons composing the Committee of Truliees should be fully empowered to execute any tequisite Conveyance of the Land cut, taken, or used by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of the said Canal, on their receiving the Purchase Money according to the Rate or P.ice agreed upon for the fame, and that the said Committee should be also empowered to receive the Purchase M< ney for such Land, and to give an effectual Discharge to the said Company of Proprietors for the fune; and reciting, that at a subsequent Meeting of the Trustees of Box Moor, and the Inhabitants of Hemelbcmpjled and Bovingdon, convened by public Notice on the Fourteenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in pursuance of a Clause in the said recited Trutl Deed of the Twentieth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-Teven, providing that the Trustees of the said Moor, and Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet, should observe such Bye-laws as should be made by Twelve of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet, to be appointed a Committee determined by a Majority of the Trustees concerning the using, enjoying, and possessing the la d Moor, »t was proposed and agreed, that Five others of the thief Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet, videlicet, the said Thomas Collett, William Robots, Francis Warren, Thomas Godwin, and Joseph Idigbt, should be added to the former Committee appointed to manage the Concern of the Wharf on Box Moor, that the Number might be increased to Twelve Persons, forming such Committee, in conformity with the Number expressed in the above-mentioned Clause in the said Deed of Trust, but that the Proceedings of the said former Committee should stand confirmed; and reciting, that the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground so cut and taken from Box Moor for making the said Canal and Towing Path, and separated by the said Canal from the Rest of the said Moor, contain Twenty-five Acres One Rood and Eight Perches and at the aforesaid Prices agreed to be paid for the same the Purchase Money amounted to Nine hundred Pounds Three Shillings and Ten-pence; it is witnessed, that the said Thomas Squire, Wi liam Jennings, Samuel Collett, William Collett, Harry Grover, John Batcheldor, Charles Howe, Thomas Collett, Francis Warrin, Joseph hight, William Robe>ts, and Thomas Godwin, the Twelve Trustees of the said Moor, in Consideration of Nine hundred Pounds Three Shillings and Ten-pence, to them paid by the Company of Proprietors of the said Grand Junction Canal, did, for themselves and the Rest of the Owners and Persons interested in the said Moor, according to the Power and Authority given to them as aforesaid, grant and release to the said Company divers Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground therein more particularly described, then lately Part of the aforesaid Parcel of open Palture Ground commonly called as aforesaid

by

3445

40° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

by the N.ime of box M or, in the Parish of Hev.ilbempfted and County of Hertford aforesaid, and comprized in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, to hold tnc fame (except as therein is excepted) unto the said Company for eve , according to the truelntent and Meaning of the Act of Parliament paflrd for making and maintaining the said Grand Junction Canal: Ad ' hereas ara Meeting of the Committee of Box Moor and Inhabitants of Hemelbrmpftedand Bovingdon,held on the Ninth Day of August One thou-f;md tight hu.Cred and four, it was agreed between Roger Great rake of Two Waters n the Par'fh of Hemelhempfled aforesaid, for and on Behalf of Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier of the City of Lon on. Whole ale Stationer , and by the'1 ruflees of Box Moor Inhabitants, then assembled, on Behalf of the Parsfhioners of the said Parish and Hamlet as far as they hna Power, that the said Henry Fourdrinkr and Sea/y Fourdrinier e'.ould be allowed to take and build upon the Piece of Gtound adjoining to the Front of the Mill at Two Waters in the Parish of Hcmclhempfied, between the fail Water of the Mill and the Road between the Two Brick Bridges th; re, as thm flaked out, t ey the said Henry Fourdrinier and Scaly bour-drinier paying to the Committee on Behalf of the said Pa.ilhioners the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and allowing free Access at any Time to any Workmen or others employed by the said Parishioners to repair the Bridges near to the said Piece of Ground, and the said Henry Fourdri ier anci Sea/y Fourdrinier, their Heirs and Alligns putting and keeping in Repair a Foot Bridge over the Spring of Water tunning into the Tail Water of the Mill near adioining to the aforesaid Piece ot Ground: And whereas at a Meeting of the Trustees of Box Moor and Inhabitants cf Hemel-hmpfied and bovingdon, convened by public Notice, holden on the Eleventh Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration a Proposal made by the said Henry Fourdrinier and Scaly Fourdrinier to purch fe and enclose a (mail Piece of Ground belonging to the said Moor, between the House and the Mill therr, in the Occupation of the said Henry Fourdrinier and Scaly Fourdrinier, and the Brick Bridge leading over the Road eppofite, it was agreed by the Inhabitants then assembled, that the said H'nry Fourd.inier and Sealy Fourdrinier be permitted to enclose the Piece of Ground as proposed by them, containing in Length about Two hundred and eighty Feet, and in Breadth in Part Thirteen Feet, and in other Part Forty Feet, moie or less, they paying to the Committee on Behalf of the said Inhabitants the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as a Consideration for the Consent and Permission given them to enclose the said Piece of Ground; and they also making a good and found Path, from the Foot of the Bridge running on the South Side of their Garden, and leading into the High Road to Berkhempjl.d: And whereas the said Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier duly paid the said Two several Sums of I wenty Pounns and Twenty Pounds as the Price and Consideration for the faiu 1'wo Pieces of Ground, without having any Conveyance of the fame, and have since enclosed the said Parcels of Ground, and erected valuable Buildings thereon, reding their Title on the good Faith of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet: And whereas the Meadows and Lands comprized in the said recited Trull, Indentures, and Fine, not sold to the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal and the said Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier as aforesaid, now form one large Tract of open Pasture, called Box Mo r, and contain in the Whole One hundred and fifty-[Loc. iff Per.] 38 L nine

344-6

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

nine Acres, and Two Roods,' or thereabouts, and are more particularly described in the First Schedule to this AQ. annexed: And^ whereas by Reason of the Limitation of the Uses expressed^ and set forth in the said several recited Trulls, Indentures of Release, and Feoffment, great Doubts have been entertained as to what Portion of the legal Fee of the Hereditaments and P>-emifes therein comprized is now vested in the Trustees of the lame Indentures, and great Inconveniences have also arisen from the Number of such Trustees; and great Doubts have also been entertained, whether the said recited Conveyance by the said Committee of Twelve Persons, Part only of the Feoffees or Iruf-tees of the said Land to the said Company of Proprietors of the said Grand Junction Canal, can be considered valid and effectual: And whereas the Monies arising from the Sale of the said Land so conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal as aforesaid, as also certain Shares in the said Canal, for w’hich the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet were admitted Subscribers in the Concern of the said Company, in Right of the Land cut through on the said Moor, for the making the said Canal, as also the Monies received from the said Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier for the Premises so agreed to be sold to them as aforesaid, have been applied in erecting and conflruding a Wharf on the said Moor with all necessary Conveniences thereto, and the Rents and Profits of such Wharf (except the present Balance in Hand) have been applied as to Three Fourth Parts, the Share of the said Parish of Hcmelbempjted, as agreed upon between the said Parish and Hamlet, in forming a complete House of Industry of the Workhouse belonging to the same Parish, and in repairing and improving the same from Time to Time, which has tended much to the better Management and Regulation of the Poor resident there, and the remaining One Fourth Part of such Rents and Profits, the Share of the said Hamlet of Bovingdon, agreed upon as aforesaid, hath been applied in the Relief of the Poor, and in Aid of the Poor Rates of the said Hamlet, which Application of the said Monies, and the Rents and Profits of the said Wharf, has been assurned as the bell that could be adopted, there being no legal Authority exilfing for the Application thereofby virtue of the said Trull Deeds, or other-wife: And whereas various Trespasses and Incroachments have from Time to Time been made on the said Moor by Persons who are not Inhabitants of either the said Parish or Hamlet, by turning their Cattle thereon at Times and in a Manner that cannot easily be prevented, by others taking from it the Soil to the Depth of several Inches, by others conltrufting Cottages and Buildings thereon, and lallly by the Conversion of different Farts of it by many Persons (Residents as well as Strangers) to the Purposes of depositing Timber, Allies, digging Saw Pits, and other Purposes of a like or ffmilar Nature: And whereas the Powers vested in the Trustees under the said recited Trull Indentures have been found totally inadequate to prevent such Incroachments, and to appropriate the said Moor to the bell Use and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet, pursuant to the Trulls of the fame Indentures: And whereas at several Meetings of the Inhabitants of Hemelhempjled and Bovingdon aforesaid, lately held at the Court Room in Hemelhempjted aforesaid, and convened by public Notice, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the State and Condition of the said Moor, and the Propriety of applying to Parliament in regard thereof; it was at such Meetings re-

lolved

3447

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ibq.

solved and agreed upon by the Majority of the Inhabitants then present, that Application should be forthwith made to Parliament for an Act for the several Purposes herein-after mentioned, (namely) for veiling such Part of the said Moor and Hereditaments comprized in the Paid several recited Indentures and Fine as remain unfold to the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junflion Canal, and to the said Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier as aforesaid, together with the Wharf, Cottages, and Buildings thereon, in Trustees, lor the bell Use and Advantage of the Inhabitants of Hetnelhempjled and Bovingdon, pursuant to the Trulls of the lame Indentures; and also for ratifying and confirming unto the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal the Paid Deed Poll of the fourteenth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the Land thereby conveyed unto them as aforesaid-, and also for vesting in the said Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier the said Parcels of Ground so agreed to be sold to them as aforesaid; and also for rendering legal and valid the Application of the Monies arising from the Sale of the said Land and Canal Shares, and of the Application of the nett yearly Proceeds arising from the said Wharf, and of the said Monies so received from the said Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier as aforesaid; also for empowering the Trustees for the Time being to grant Leases of the Cottages and other Buildings already built: on the said Moor (except the said Wharl) to the Persons occupying the fame, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Forty Years, at an Annual Rent (according to the Quantity of the Land taken from the Moor for the Purpose of erecting such Cottages or Buildings, at the Rate of One Shilling a Pole Square, with the usual Covenants, Clauses, and Restrictions inserted in Leases ot a like or similar Nature, and to grant Leases of the said Wharf with its Appurtenances from Time to Time, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at the bed improved Rent and on the Terms hereafter expressed; and for empowering the Trustees for the Time being to make Bye Laws. Orders, and Regulations in regard to the said Moor, and declaring that a Majority of such Trustees should be competent for that Purpose; and also for empowering the Trustees for the Time being to apply the present Balance of the said Trull Funds, and the future yearly Rents and Profits arising from the said Wharf and Premises, as the same shall accrue, in the Payment of the Expences fof the Act, and other incidental Expences thereto; and then in draining or otherwise improving the said Moor for the befl Use and Advantage of the Inhabitants of Hemelbernpjled and Bovingdon aforesaid, pursuant to the Trusts of the said recited Trull Indentures, and to pay and satisfy any Charges or Expences to be incurred in rrfpeft of any of such Bye Laws, Orders, and Regulations, and also to apply the Surplus (if any) in such Manner as the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet, or a Majority of them (being Householders), at a Meeting to be convened by the Trustees for the Time being, for which due Notice shall be given, shall direct for the general Use and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet; and also for empowering the Trustees for the Time being, to raise Monies by Way of Mortgage on the Wharf, for defraying the Expences of the Act, and any other incidental Expences that may occur in regard thereto; and also for the Appointment of new Trustees when any of the Trullees shall die or remove from the said Parish or Hander, or shall become incapable of acting, or shall be deftrous of being discharged from the Trusts: And

wheieas

3448

Bex Moor vi-sted in Trustees.

Confirming li.ci-iiture of r.'tii September I7v9. and

Convcvaii e in conie-puenee thereof.

Veiling cer-tj. Pie‘ es of Land i t Mi [fra. Four, di inter.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet, if the several Eurposes aforesaid were carried into Execution, but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's moll dutirul and loyal Subjects, Christopher Thomas Tower Esquire, Joseph Hamilton Doctor of Divinity, John White Esquire, James Cato, Joseph Field, John Jennings, William Jennings of Bennett's End, and Thomas Aujlin 1 eotnan, on Behalf of themselves and of the several Inhabitants of the said Parish of Hemelhempfied and Hamlet of Bovingdon do most humbly btfeech Your Ma« jedv, that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s mod Excel-len. Majesty,by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Atl all and Angular such and so many and such Part and Parts of the said Meadows, Lands, and Hereditaments comprized in the said several recited fruit Indentures of Lealeand Release, Eeoftment and Fire, and now called or known by the Name of Box Moor, firuate and being in the Parish of Hemelhemp/ied in the said County of Hertford, and as now remain unfold or undifpol’ed of to the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Cana I, and the said Henry Fourdrinicr anti Sea/y Fturdriner as aforesaid: and also the said Wharf, Cotages, and other Buildings erected and built thereon, and mere particularly mentioned and described in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, with their respective Right-, Members, and Appurtenances; and the Reversion and Kever-fions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents, liTiies, and Profits thereof' resprbtb ely, shall (land, remain, and be veiled in Christopher Thomas Tower Esquire, George Holloway, Harry Grover, Thomas Godwin, Francis Warren William Collett, Thomas Collett, William Roberts, William Johifan, Jfeph Hight, John Jennings, and Ephraim Ware, Inhabitants ot Hemelhempfied and Bovingdon aforesaid, their Heirs and Affigns for ever, to the Use of them, their Heirs, and Assigns forever, for the btlf Use and Advantage of the Inhabitants of Hemelhempfied and Lovingdon aforesaid, in Manner mentioned in the said Lve^al ri cited Indentures of Release and T'eofiutent, and upon the Trusts, and to and for the Intents and Pui p ft-s herein-alter expiefled and declared, of and concerning the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said herein-befo-'e recited Deed Pol! of the Fourteenth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the Conveyance thereby made of the said Lands and Hereditaments therein comprised, unto the said Company of Proprietors of the said Grand Junction Canal, and their Successors as afore-taid, (and whi h [.and and Hereditaments are more particularly mentioned and described in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed), shall be and the lame are hereby declared to be as g< od, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purpose whatsoever, as if all and every the Person and Pe Ions interested i i the Trusts of the said several recited Indentures of Release and Feor meats had been made Parties to, and dub executed the fame Deed Poll of the Fourteenth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and niitety-uine.

III. And be it further enacted, That the saidjTwo Parcels of Ground incloku by the said Henry Fourdt inter and Seely hour tinnier as aforesaid,

with

3449

49° G EO RGII III. Cap. 169.

wth the several Buildings thereon erected, (and which are more particularly mentioned anddescribed in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed)

shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the said Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier, their Heirs and Assigns, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Put poles whatsoever, as if all and e' ery the Person and Persons interested in the Trulls of the said several recited Indentures, had by good and sufficient Conveyances and Affnrances in the Law duly conveyed and allured unto them all their Ellate,

Right, and Interest in and to the fame Hereditaments and Premises.

IV. And whereas the several Sums of Money arising from the Sale of Confirming the said Lands and Hereditaments so conveyed to the said Company of the Applica-Proprietors of the said Grand Junction Canal, and of the said several tion of Mo-Shares in the said Canal, and also the said Sums io paid by the said Henry Fourdrinier and Seqly Fourdrinier, for the Purchase of the said Pieces of Grand June-Ground as aforesaid; and also the several Sums of Money received from tion Canal Time to Time, from the nett yearly Proceeds arising from the said Company. Wharf, have been appropriated for the Use and Advantage of the Inhabitants of Hemelbempjied and L'ovingdon aforesaid, in Manner herein before mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That such Appropriation of such

several Sums of Money shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the Persons nterested in the Trulls of the said several recited Trull Indentures of Ueleafe and Feoffment had themselves ordered and ditefted the Application thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Property of all and singular the Vetting Money, Implements, Materials, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, Matters, Effects, &e. and Things whatsoever, already belonging, due, or owing to orinrespect ac?ruJ!ls(-m, of the said Moor, Wharf, and Premises, or which shall from hencelorth i^or and^ * arise from or be purchased, contributed, or provided, for the Purposes Wharf in the thereof, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act be Trustees. vested in the said Christopher Thomas Tower, George Holloway, Harry

Grover, Thomas Godwin, Francis Warren, William Collett, Thomas Collett, William Roberts, William Johnson, Joseph Hight, John Jennings, and Ephraim Ware, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Use and Advantage of the Inhabitants of Hemelbemp-sted and Bovingdon aforesaid, and upon the Trulls and for the Purposes herein-after mentioned; and they the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Action or Actions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall Heal, take away, break, Ipoil, damage, or injure any Money, Implements, Materials, Goods, Chattels, Effects, Matters, or Things whatsoever, or any of them, or any Patt or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be and be deemed and taken to be sufficient to flare generally that the Money, Implements,

Materials, Goods, Chattels, Effects, Matters, or Things, or any ol them, or any Part or Farts thereof, for which such Action or Actions, or Bill or Bills of Indictment shall be preferred, is or are the Prop.rty of the Truf-[Loc. Is" Per.] 38 M tecs

345°

Actions may be commenced or defended in the Name of one of the TrLileen.

Survivors and Heirs and Aflifjns of Trustees to continue seized of the Moor, &c.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i6[?.

tees for the Time being of Box Moor, without particularly mentioning or specifying the Names of any of the said Trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Suits to be commenced and prosecuted by or on Behalf of the Trustees of the said Moor for the Time being, against any Person or Persons whomsoever/or Body or Bodies Politic or Corpora'e, shall or may be lawfully/commenced or in-Hi uted, and prosecuted in the Name of any one of the said Trustees for the Time being, as the nominal Plaintiff, lor or on Behalf of the Inhabitants of Hemelhcmpf.ed and b'ovingdon aforesaid, in regard to the said Moor; and all Actions and Suits to be commenced and instituted against the Trustees of the said Moor, for the Time being, shall and may be commenced, inst’tured, and prosecuted against any one of the said Trustees for the Time being, as a nominal Defendant, for or on "Account of any Matter or Thing relating to or concerning the said Moor; and the Death, Resignation, or Removal, or other Act of any such Trustees for the Time being, shall not abate any such Action, Suir, or Prosecution; and that every Trustee or Trustees who shall be named as Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be indemnified out of the Monies arising from the said Trult Premises from all Colts, Charges, and Expences, which he or they may be put to or luftain oil Account of any such AdtLn, Suir, or Prosecution.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees hereby nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Hei s, Executors, and Administiaiors of such Smvivi r iefpedtivtly, and the Assigns of such Trustees, or of the Survivors or Survivor of them relptdlively, fha 1 Hand and be seized and polIcHed of and interested in the said Mocr, Wharf, Hereditaments, and Err mi ft?, and also of and in all and singular the Money, Implements, Materials, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which ate or may become vested in them in consequence of this Act and every Part thereof respectively, in Trull for and for the belt Use and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Uemetbetnpjied and Hamlet of Bcvingdon aforesaid, and subjtcl to the Rules, Orders, Bye Laws, and Regulations hereafter to be made with respect to the said Moor, Wharf, Hereditaments, and Prem'fes, and the said Goods and Chattels, or any Part thereof relptdlively, by the major Part of the Trustees thereof for the Time being, (such Ma-joriiy not being leis than Seven in Number) present at any Meeting, to be holden at the Veltry Room in Hemelhcmpjied aforesaid; and which Rules, Orders, Bye Laws, and Regulations, the major t'art of the Trustees for the Time being, at such Meeting (not being less than Seven as aforesaid) are hereby empowered and authorized to make, and due Notice of ali such Rules, Orde s. Bye Laws* and Regulations, shall be given in the Churches of Hcmeibemp/ied and bcvingdon aforesaid, and in such other Place or Places as the said Trustees shall deem right and proper on the Two undays immediately preceding their taking Lftedt.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i6q. 34-5T

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Applying the for the said Trustees so hereby nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and *"f the the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and jyioor> &c. Administrators of such Survivor respectively, and the Assigns ol such Trustees, or of the Survivors or Survivor of them respectiw ly, and they

and he are’and is hereby authorized and empowered to apply and dispose of all such Sum or Sums of Money as is or are now in hand, wrdch has or have arisen from or in respect of the said Moor, Wharf, and Premises, and oiten-sibly belonging to the said Parish and Hamlet; and also all future Rents,

Issues, and Piolats of the said Moor, Wharf, Hereditaments, and Ptemiles hereby veiled in Trull as aforesaid, as the same shall arifeand become cue, in Payment in the fird Place of all Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, or in any wile incidental thereto, anil then in Payment of all Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the draining or otntrwife improving, using, enjoying, and possessing the said Moor, for the bell Use and Advantage of the inhabitants of Hemelhempjled and Bov'ngdon aforesaid; and from and after such Payments shall be fully made and dischargedas aforesaid, then to apply and dispose of the Residue and Surplus (if any) of the said Rents, Issues, and Profits in such Manner and Form as to Three-fourth Parts thereof, the Sha' ? agreed upon as aforesaid, belonging to the said Parish of Hemelhempjled as the Inhabitants of Hemelhempjled aforesaid, being Householdeis, or a Majority of them at any Meeting, to be held at the Vellry Room at Hemelhempjled aforesaid, shall direct, for the Ule and Advantage of the Inhabitants or the same Parish; and as to the remaining One-fourth Part ih reof, the Share agreed upon as aforesaid, belonging ro the said Hamlet of Bovingdon, as the Inhabitants et Bovingdon aforesaid, being Householders, or a Majority of hem, at any Mee.ing to be held at the Vellry Room at Beving-don, Iliad direct, h r the Ule and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, and of which Meetings due Notice shall be given by the said Trustees in the Churches or Places herein-before mentioned, on the Two Sundays immediately preceding such Meetings respectivel;.

IX. And be it fuuher enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and Empowering for the said Trustees so hereby nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and die Trustees the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor re- to( ,ljalefPi‘rc spectively, and the Assigns of such Trustees, or of the Survivors or Stir- ° t e °°r‘ vtvor of them, from Time to Time, by Indenture or Indentures under their or his Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, 'o drmile or ieafe all or any of the said Cottages and other Buildings, with the Appurtenances (except the said Wharf) more particularly mentioned and described in the said First Schedu e to this Act annexed, unto the several Persons now occupying the lame, their hxecutots and Adruinifbators; and in case of his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect to accept and take such Lease or I.eases, then unto any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Forty Year-, at an annual Rent (according and in Proportion to the Quantity of Land taken from the said Moor, for the Pu pose of erecting inch Cottages or Buildings, with the Appurtenances) at the Rate of One Shilling for every Pole Squate of such Land so taken} and also in like Manner to denfife and lease the said if Wharf

3452

For railing Money to defray the Expences of the Act.

T-rafires may «nclofe a Part of the Moor.

4</ GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

Wharf from Time to Time to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to accept the fame, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at the belt and most improved Rent, and without Fine, but so nevertheless that nothing herein contained shall annul, make void, or impeach any Lease, Agreement, or Contract, under which the said Wharf may now be held or enjoyed, and so as all such Leases be in Possession and not in Reversion, and be not made difpunishable for Waite by any express Words therein, and so as in such Leases there be reserved a Clause of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved or on Breach of Covenant, and so as a Clause and Covenant be inferred in the Leafs of the said Cottages, that the Tenancs thereof do not let, assign, or make over the fame or any Part thereof to any other Person or Persons for the Whole or any Part of their Term therein respectively, without the Consent in Writing under the Hands and Seals or the Hand and Seal of the Trustees or Truifee of the said Premises for the Time being, or such Majority of them as aforesaid, and so as the Lessee or Lessees seal and deliver Counterparts thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trdleesfo hereby nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor reflectively, and the Aflij.ns of such Trustees, or of the Survivor or Survivors of them respectively, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, and at any Time or Times, by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to be by them or him sealed and delivered in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to subjetl and charge by way of Mortgage the said Wharf, with the Appurtenances, with the Paymentoi'any such Sum or Sums of Money,not exceedingatanyoncTime One hundred Pounds in the Whole, as shall be necessary for the defraying the Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, or in anywise incidental thereto, or for defraying any necessary Charges or Expences which may be incurred by the Trustees for the Time being in the Prosecution of their Truli, with lawful Interest for the fame from the Time when such Charge or Charges shall be respectively made, and which Charge or Charge- shall be made to or in favour of the Person or Persons advancing such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, subject to such Lease, or Agreement for a Lease, as may be then subsisting on the fame Premises.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees so hereby nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or a Majority of them., not being less than Seven in Number, and the Sur-vivo: s and Surviv®r of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor respectively, and the Assigns ef such Trustees, or of the Survivors or Survivor of them respectively, and they and he are and is hereby authe rised and empowered to inclose any Part or Parts of the said Moor as are incapable of being drained or improved for the Purposes of Palture, n t exceeding in Quantity in the Whole Forty Acres (the Parts and Proportions so to be inclosed to be selected by the said Trustees) for the Purpose of being converted into Gfier Beds, or for any other Purpose

K that

3 4*5 3

49° GGEORGII ill. Cap. iGq.

that may be deemed exp dient, and from Time to Time, if thought adviseable, b Indenture or Indentures under their or his Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal, to demise or lease all or any P,rt of the said Lands so to be imlofed, either together or in Parcels, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to accept the lame, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Forty Yea<s, at the belt and moll improved yearly Rene or Rents, and without Fine; and so as all such Lea'es be in Possession and not in Reversion, and be not difpunishable for Waite by any express Words therein; and so as in such Leases there be reserved a Game of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, and so as the Lessee or Lessees shall seal and deliver Counterparts thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful parft;nt;.ltT to and for the said Trustees so hereby nominated and appointed as the Moor, aforesaid, or such Majority of them as aforesaid, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor reflectively, and the

Assigns of such Trustees, or of the Survivors or Survivor of them, to regulate and Hint the Quantity of Cattle to be turned on such Parts t.f the said Moor as shall be left remaining for Pasture, by each Inhabitant at the rl ime of passing this Act, being a Householder of the said Parish or Hamlet of a wh«!e Tenement, in respect of such Tenement, and the Description of the Cattle to be so turned on, and at what particular Periods and Seasons, and so from Time to Time by future Inhabitants occupying such Tenements.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for g;si1t of paf. every Person and Persons having a Right of Pasture over the said Moor, ture may be not incapacitated by any legal Disability, to transfer such Right from transferred. Time to Time to any other Person or Persons, being such Inhabitant Householder of the said Parish or Hamlet, but not further or other-

wile.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to authorize or H o, c' r ° empower the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being of this Act, to Fl• ">ir * com* make sale, lealV, inclose, or otherwise dispose of the said Hereditaments

and Premises comprized in the said First Schedule, and hereby veiled in Trust as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, other than and except as hereinbefore mentioned and provided for.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Trustees hereby nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or any future Trustee or Trustees who shall succeed to them, or any of them, or shall be appointed in the Place or Stead of them, or any of them, as herein-after is mentioned, shall die, or shall remove out of the said Parish of Hemctbempjied and Hamlet of Bovingdon, for the Purpose of residing elsewhere, or shall refute or decline, or become incapable to ad in the said Trulls, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for a Majority of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Hamlet (being Housebolders) at any Meeting convened for that Purpose, to. '.o&1 Per38 N be

For rlefHng new Tut free*.

5454

Tru frees not to be answerable for each other.

Saving the Powers of Granr! Junction Canal Company.

General

Saving.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

be holilen at the Vestry in Hemclhempfted aforesaid, of which Meeting due Notice shall be iriven by the Trustees for the Time being, in the Churches of Hemtlhempfied and Bovin^don aforesaid, or at such other Place or Places as they shall deem right and proper, on the Two Sunday: immediately preceding such Me-ting, to substitute and appoint any Person or Persons (being a principal Inhabitant or principal Inhabitants of the fame P.rish or Hamlet) to be a Tiultee or Trustees in the Stead or Place of the Ttulfee or Trustees so dying or removing, or desiring to be discharged, or refilling, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and that •when and so often as any new Trustee or Trustees shall be appointed as aforesaid, ail and every the said Trull Estates, F.fftfts, and Premises, which shall be then vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or removing as aforesaid, or desirous of being discharged, or refuting, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed, alligned, transferred, and made, in such Sort and Manner, and fothat the fame Estates, Effects, and Premises shall and maybe legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees thereof, and such new or other Trustee or Trustees jointly, or if there shall be no continuing Trustee or Trustees, then in such new Trustee or Trustees only upon the fame Trulls, and for the fame Intents and Purposes as are herein-before declared of and concerning the same Estates, Effects, and Premises, or such of them as shall or may be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and that every such new Trustee and 1 ruf-tees shall and may in all Things aft in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trulls of this Act, as fully and effectually, and with ad the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally by this Act nominated a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the present or future Trustees of this Act shall be answerable or accountable lor the other or others of them, or for involuntary Losses; and that by and out of any Money which shall come to their or his Hand or Hands, by virtue of any of the aforesaid Tiufts, it shall be lawful fur them and him to retain to and reimburse themselves and himself respectively all the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences, which they or he may ref ec-tively incur or sustain in carrying the Trulls of this present Act into Execution, and not herein provided for.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to abridge, alter, or take away the Powers already vested in the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal under and by virtue of the Acts of Parliament passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

XVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heir* and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the several Trustees of the said recited Indentures, and the several Inhabitants of the said Parish of Hcmelhcmp*

Jlid and Hamlet of Bovingdtn, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and

7 Administratoi*

3455

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169*

Administrators respectively, so far only as their respective Estates and Intertfts are affected or intended to be affected by this Act) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest in, to, or out of the Premises, or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or would or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, justices, and others.

t

v 0

l

AA lo be

printed by the King's

Printer.

>. IO

3456

490 GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

The First SCHEDULE to which the foregoing

A<fl refers.

5.'; <i: t ' v

Description*.

■15J '!! i.

Occupier*.

A Trad of Open Pasture Land lying by the Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Two Waters in the Parish of Hemel Hempfted to Berkham-fled in the County of Hertford

A Wharf and Buildings erected and made on Part of the said Trad! of Pasture lying by the Side of the Road leading from Two Waters to Hemel Hempfted -

Twenty-six Cottages or Tenements erected upon various Parts of the aforesaid Tract of Palture Land

A Messuage or Tenement lately erected by the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction ' anal, for and used as a Lock House at the Upper End of the said Moor and contiguous to the said Canal, with a Garden attached to the fame -

srfi*

t -

- {

The Inhabitants of the Parish of Hemel Hempfted, and Hamlet of Bovtngdon within mentioned

William Howard.

Thomas Harding Senior, Thomas Harding Junior, Joseph Honour, Thomas Ewer, William Saunders, Thomas Child, Charles Tomlin, John Tomlin, John Young, Plaiftowe Field, Rebecca Deacon, Widow, Henry Cole, James Fof-ter, William Billington, Richard Bates, Richard Barnett, Samuel Smith, Thomas Brown, Joseph Harris, John Bates, Joseph Lea, Francis /ixtell, Francis Wakeman, John Shepherd, William Dover, John Brickland.

William Berry as Tenant or Servant to the said Company.

The

49° GEORGII III. Cap. iC9,

3457

The Second SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

for

rejoin 2

Descriptions.

A Piece or Parcel of Land now covered with Water, being cut out and taken by the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal from the said Trad of open Failure Land called Box Moor within mentioned, forming Part of the said Canal, and running in a Line through the said Moor from North to South, with the Towing Path adjoining, and Back Drain and Embankments of the said Canal there.

A Messuage or Tenement erected by the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal for the Purpose of and used as a Lock House upon the said Canal, the fame being contiguous to the said Canal pailingthrough the said Moor; with a Garden attached to the said Messuage.

Six several Parcels of Land interfered by the Line of the said Canal at various Parts of the said Moor.

Quantities.

>11 on

14 ° 37’

Occupiers.

The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal

John Beales as Tenant or Servant to the said Company.

Ebenezer John Collett Esquire, and John White Esquire.

38 0

[Loc. & Per.~\

The

3458

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 169.

The Third SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Ad refers.

Descriptions. Quantities. Occupiers.

Two Parcels of Land lying near the Bridge over the Old River between Hemel Hemp-sted and Two Waters, and abutting on the Mill and Back Water of the fame, in the Occupation of Messrs. Henry and Sealy Fourdrinier, with the Buildings erected thereon. > k. k. r. O 1 32 i f Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy \ Fourdrinier,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 18oy,

GEORGII III.

REGIS.

Cap. 170.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dronjleld, in the County, of Derby. [ 1 oth June \ 809..]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor of Dore, in the Parish of Dronjieid, in the County of Derby, divers open and common Fields, mesne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons and other uninclosed Lands containing by Estimation Five thousand Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire, is Lord of the Manor of Dore aforesaid: And whereas the said William, Duke of Devonshire, is entitled to the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and to other Tythes arising within the said Manor of Dore, or to certain Modules or Payments in lieu thereof: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty in Right of His Crown, is Patron of the Vicarage of Dronjleld aforesaid; and is Vicar of the Parish Church of Dronfield, and certain Vicarial and small Tithes, or certain Modules or Payments in lieu thereof, are due and payable to the Vicar of Dronjleld, from and out of the said Manor of Dore: And whereas the Right Honourable Wentworth, Earl Fitvwilliam, is possessed of, and the Reverend Francis Parker is Curate of the perpetual Curacy of Dore aforesaid, and as such Curate is entitled to certain Glebe or other Lands wi:hin the said Manor and Parish: And whereas the said William Duke of Devonshire, Sir William Chambers Bag-Jhavj Knight, John Unwin, Henry Hancock, Joshua Dungworth, and several other Persons are respectively Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in the said open and common Fields, mesne Inclosures, ILoc. Id Per.'] 38 P Wastes,

3*2 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

Wades, Moors, Commons and other uninclosed Lands: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolid'citing in one At! certain Provisions vfually inserted in Acts of Inchfure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads vfually required on the puffing of fuel) Acts: And whereas it would be for the Advantage of the said Owners and Proprietors, and other Persons interested ns aforesaid, if the said open and common Fields, mesne Inclosures, Wades, Moors, Commons and other uninclosed Lands were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners, Proprietors, and Persons infereded therein, according to their respective Properties, Rights and Intereds, and a Commutation made for the great and small Tithes within the said Manor of Dore; but such Division, Allotment and Inclol'ure, and other Purposes cannot be made and effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said open and common Fields, mesne Inclosures, Wades, Moors, Commons and C| ;fn n other uninclosed Lands, shall be divided, allotted and inclosed, in Manner 11herein-after mentioned; and that James Demand, of Cuckncy, in the County of Nottingham, and John Nut tall, of Matlock, in the County of Derby, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be elected in Mantua- herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissiotiers for carrying this and the said recited Act\ into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions contained in the said recited Act, except in Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered.

Umpire.

II. And be it further enacted, That William Gauntley the elder, of Bake-

well, in the said County of Derby, Gentleman, and h:s Successors for the Time being, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed to act as an Umpire touching any Difference of Opinion which shall arise between the said Commissioners in the Execution of tuts or the said recited Act; and that all such Difference of Opinion (if any shall arise) shall be Hated in Writing, and referred by the said Commissioners to •the said William Gauntley, within Thirty Days next after such Difference shall have a rift n, who shall determine the fame, and deliver to the said Commissioners, or one of them, such his Determination in Writing, the Name of the said Umpire being thereto signed within Three Calendar Months from the Time any such Difference shall be referred to him; and the Judgement and Determination of the said William Gauntley therein, in all Cases so referred to him, shall be deemed and taken to be the Judgement and Determination of the said Commissioners; and they the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to conform thereto; and such Determination shall be enrolled and recorded with, and in the same Manner, as the other Proceedings of the said Commissioners under tilts Act.

Appointment IH. And be it further enacted, That if the said James Dow land, or any of new Com- other Commissioner to be appointed in his Head, as heicin-after mentioned, "ndu'm'ire before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled ■*" mpire- in him, die, refuse, or become incapable of acting in the Premises, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs or Assigns,' by any Writing under his or their

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 17*

their Hand or Hands, within Thirty Days next after such Death, Refusal or Incapacity to act shall be made known to him or them, by Notice in Writing from the surviving or remaining Commissioner, (which Notice such CommifSoner is hereby required to give), to appoint one other Commissioner not interested in the salt) Inclosure, in the Stead of the said Jam s Dowland, or such other Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and if the said 'John Nuttal!, or any other Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, as herein-after mentioned, shall before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refine, or become incapable of acting in the Premises, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for a Majority in Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessments of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the said open and common Fields, melne Inclosures, Walter, Moors, Commons and other uninclosed Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or their known Agents or Attornies, or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose, by Writing under their respective Elands (except and exclusive of the said William Duke of Devovflnre, his Heirs or Assigns), who shall be present at a public Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose by the surviving or remaining Commissioner, within Thirty Days next after such last mentioned Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act as aforesaid, shall be known to him, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the least, shall be given in Writing by him, to be affixed on one of the most public outer Doors of the Parish Church of Dr onfield aforesaid, and on One of the most public outer Doors of the Church or Chapel oiDore aforesaid; and also by Advertisement to be inserted in the Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Derby, and in the Newspaper called The Sheffield Iris, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in tire Town of Sheffield, to appoint one other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Stead of the said John Nuitall, or such other Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, io dying, refusing, or becoming incapable of acting as last aforesaid; and in cale the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs or Assigns, or the said Parties last aforesaid (as the Case may be), shall at any Time make Default in appointing any such new Commissioners as herein-before mentioned, within Thirty Days next after the Death of any Commissioner, or his Refusal or Incapacity to act, shall be made known as aforesaid, and of which such Notice shall have been given respectively as aforesaid, then the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required, from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, within Fourteen Days next after the Expiration of the said Thirty Days allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Commissioner as aforesaid, to appoint one other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Room of any such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid: And if the said William Gauntley, or any Umpire to be appointed in his Stead, as herein-after mentioned shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or become incapable of acting in the Premises, then and in every such Case one other Person as Umpire, not interested in the said Inclosure, shall be appointed in the Stead of the said William Gauntley, or such other Umpire so dying, refusing or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, by a Majority in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessments) of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the said open and common Fields, mesne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed (including the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs or Assigns) or 7 their

3464. 49* GEORGII Cap. xqo.

their known Agents or Attornies, or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by Writing under their respective Hands, who shall be presentat a Public Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, within Thirty Days next after such lad mentioned Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act as aforesaid, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice, at the lead, shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on one of the mod public outer Doors of the Parish Church of DronJeH aforesaid, and on one of the mod public outer Doors of the Church or Chapel of Dire aforesaid, and all'o by Advertisement to be iri-ferted in the said Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Derby, and in the said Newspaper called The Sheffield Iris, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said Town of Sheffield; and every Appointment of a Commissioner or Umpire, in pursuance of this Act, shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and every Commissioner or Umpire to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like Powers and Authorities as if lie had been named a Commissioner or Umpire in this Act.

o IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be tJTJ'jr. Qa;i, capable of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to say)

‘ T do swear [_or being One of the People called

‘ Quakers, do solemnly qffitni] that I will faithfully, impartially, and ‘ honestly, according to the deft of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the several Trulls, Powers, and Authorities veiled and reposed in

* me, as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish ‘ of Dronfield, in the County of Derby, according to Equity and good ‘ Conscience, and without Favour or ASeftion, Prejudice or Partiality to

* any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.'

Which Oath or Affirmation, either of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered and required to administer; and the said Oath or Affirmation, so to be taken and subsenbed by such Umpire, and also the Appointment of every new Umpire or Commissioner, shall be annexed to, and enrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners, and a Copy of the Enrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

V. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners and Umpire shall be allowed and paid by the said Proprietors the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and no more, for every Day which he shall attend and be employed at any Meeting or Meetings, or in going to or returning from thence, or otherwise howsoever in executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them; which iaid Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings shall include all Expences whatsoever incurred by going to, returning from, or attending any such Meeting or Meetings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause public Notice to be given by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on one of the moll publick outer Doors of the Parish Church of Dronfield aforesaid, and on one of the moll public

outer

Allowance* to Commit-lionets and Umpire.

Notice of Meetings.

34^5

GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

outer Doors of the Church or Chapel of Dore aforesaid, and also l>y Advertisement to be inserted in the said Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Derby, and in the said Aewlpaper called Th Sheffield Iris, or in fomc other Newspaper published or circulated in the said Town of Sheffield, of the Time and Place of the first and every other Attendance for the Execution of this Act, Eight Days at the lead before such Attendance shall be held, Attendance by Adjournment (which it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or either of them to make) only excepted: Provided always, that all Attendances of the said Commissioners and Umpire in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, shall be held within Eight Miles of the said Manor of Dore.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices Other No-necessary or requisite to be made or given by the said Commissioners, shall ticei how to be made and given by Writing, to be affixed upon one of the moll public Klv<:n-outer Doors of the Pari fa Church of Drarffield aforesaid, and on one of the moll public outer Doors of the Church or Chapel of Dore aforesaid, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Derby, and in the said Newspaper called The Sheffield Iris, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said Town of Sheffield.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners fhalh an(J

and they are hereby authorized and required, before they proceed to the ot|1CrCon-Allotments herein-after mentioned, to set out and appoint and direct, or veniences to cause tf) be made, erected and completed, such publick and private Roads be f ade and and Ways, and also such Bridges, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses,

and other Conveniences, in, over and within the said open and common f)oners (hiU Fields, melne Inclosures, Walles, Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands, appoint, intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and also in, over, and within any of the old Inclosures, within the said Manor of Dore, as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary or proper; and that as well all such ^private Roads and Ways, and also all such Bridges, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, and other Conveniences shall respectively be made, erected and completed, and at all Times hereafter kept in repair, in such Manner, and by such Person or Persons; and the Grass, Herbage, and Soil of such private Roads and Ways, and other Conveniences, shall appertain and belong to such Person or i'ersons, and for such Purposes as the said Commissioners, in and by their Award shall direct; and in the mean Time, and until their said Award shall be made and executed as the said Commissioners, in and by any Writing under their Hands, shall order, direct or appoint; and the said Commissioners shall and may or^er and award, issue and pay such Satisfaction and Recompence as they shall think reasonable, to any Owner or Owners of Lands or Ileieditaments, which may be damaged or dellroyed by making or repairing any such Roads or Ways, or any such Bridges,

Banks, Ditche , Drains, Watercourses, or ether Conveniences as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said For (lopping Commissioners, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the , JP Load*. Peace acting in and for the said County of Derby, and in Manner and

[Loc. id Ter.J 38 Q subject

3+66

Allotment for Public Watering Places, &c.

Allotment for Giebc Lands.

Allotment to the Duke of Devon-

(hire for Ty tires.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

subject to Appeal, as in the said recited Act is mentioned, to divert, flop up. discontinue, alter or change any old public Carriage or private Roads or Footwm s, leading into, through, over or upon the said open or common Fields mr.Ine inclosures, Wastes, Moors, or other uninclosed Lands, or the old inclosures lying within the said Manor of Dore; and that fuc.h public Carriage Roads as shall be so flopped up and discontinued, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be sold or divided, allotted and indofed, pursuant to this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to set out and appoint One or more Piece or Pieces of Ground, (Part of the Wastes, Moors, Commons arid uninclosed Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed), in such convenient bituarion or Situations as they shall think proper within the said Manor ot Dors- not exceeding Ten Acres in the whole, to be used for the Purposes of public Watering Places for Cattle, and also for getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials for building or repairing any Houses or Other Buildings, Bridges, Walls, Fences, Drains, Watercourses and other Conveniences, and for repairing the Highways and Roads within the said Manor of Dure, and for such other Uses and Purposes for the general Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants within the said Manor ot Dore, as the said Commissioners shall direct; and that as well the said Lands so to be set out, and the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon the fame, as also all and every the private Lanes, Roads, and Ways within the said Manor of Dore, and the Herbage thereof, shall be veiled in such Person or Persons, and applied to such Uses as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award direct or appoint.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby requited in the next Place to set out and allot unto the said Francis Parker, Curate of Dore aforesaid, and his Successors, such Parcels of Land, Part of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands intended by this Act: to be inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for his uninclosed Lands and Right of Common, for and in respect of tha Glebe and other Lands to which he is entitled as Curate as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, in the next Place to set out and allot unto and for the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs and Assigns, such Part or Parts of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands intended by this Act to be inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the Did Commissioners be equal in Value to One Twelfth Part of the whole of the inclosed Lands within the said Manor of Dore, (except such Lands Part of the said inclosed Lands, as shall be covered by any Modus or Modules in respect of which no greater Allotment or Allotments than the Value of such Mcdus or Modules shall be made or allotted), anu also to One Twelfth®Part of the whole of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands within the said Manor; the lame Allotments to be taken from such Part or 1 arts of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands intended by this Act to be inclosed, as

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170. 3467

shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be of an Average Value per Acre with the Residue thereof; and that the said Allotments respectively shall. by the said Commissioners be divided and allotted unto the said William Duke of DevonJJnre, his Heirs and Assigns, as-and for, and the fame lltall be and be taken in lieu of, and in full Satisfaction of and for the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and all other Tythes and Modules, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, due and payable to the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs or Assigns, or which might arise or become due or payable to him or them within the said Manor of Dore, or any Part thereof.

XIII. Provided always, That the said Allotments to be so made to the Allotment! said William Duke of Devonshire, in lieu of Tythes, Modules, and other rt'ma,n ta Payments in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, shall be and remain to such and the ufefaitlie fame Uses, and to and for such and the fame Estates, and with and under Tythes. such and the fame Powers and Authorities, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Provisoes, Remainders,

Reversions, Mortgages, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the Tythes,

Modules, and other Payments, in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments respectively shall be made at or immediately preceding the making thereof, shall or may stand limited or liable to, or would have been liable to, in case this Act had not been made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotment to

they are hereby required in the next Place to set out and allot unto and if

for the Vicar of Dron/ield aforesaid, and his Successors, so much and such i;eu of Small Part or Parts of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands Tythes.

by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be equal in Value to the yearly Sum of Thirty Pounds, for and in lieu of and the same shall be taken in full Reconipence and Satisfaction of and for all Vicarial and Small Tythes, and all other Tythes whatsoever, of what Nature or Kind soever, including Agiltment 'l’ythe, and all Payments in lieu of Tythes due and payable, or which might arise or become payable unto the said Vicar of Dronjieid aforesaid, or his Successors, within the said Manor of Dore, Easter Dues, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees only excepted.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any Proprietor or Proprietors of inclosed Lands shall not have, or be entitled to a sufficient Quantity of Land on the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, or uninclosed Lands, to make Compensation for the Tythes of his, her, or their inclosed Lands, in Manner aforesaid, such Deficiency shall be made up by and out of the other Part of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, or uninclosed Lands; and such Proprietor or Proprietors shall pay such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge reasonable, as an Equivalent for such Deficiency; which Sum and Sums of Money shall be applied towards the Expences of carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, and shall be levied and recovered in like Manner as the Penalties or other Sums of Money are hereby and by the said iecited Act directed to be levied and recovered; and if any Surplus Money shall remain, such Surplus shall be divided and apportioned among the several Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, in such Shares as shall be

In case Proprietors of old Inclo-

sures have not suffic:ent Common to corona, te for Tytho, the Deficiency to be made up from the other Part of the Common and Money-paid in lieu thereof towards the Expences of the AS,

34-68 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

be in Proportion to their respective Property and Interest therein; and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple, shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of the other Proprietors and Persons, of and in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the saidjp-ecited Ad, in those Cases wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

Clrbe and

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment and Allotments Tythe Allot- herein-before respectively directed to be set out and allotted to and for the menu to be said fWilliam Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs and Assigns, and the Vicar of ing- ence . Dronfield, antj the Curate of Dore aforesaid, in respect of Glebe Lands, or in lieu of Tythes, or other Payments in respect thereof, as before mentioned and set forth, shall (save and except on such Parts and Sides thereof as the said Commissioners shall order and direct to be fenced by any of the Owners or Proprietors of Lands whose Allotments shall adjoin thereto) be ring-fenced and fenced on each Side of any publick Carriage Road, that shall by the said Commissioners be laid out, or directed to be made or continued through the fame, with good Stone Walls of the Height of Six Feet, and of the Breadth of Two Feet at the Bottom, and conllruded in a substantial and workmanlike Manner, with customary Coping, and good Wooden Gates, properly set up and hung on proper Stone Polls, in such Parts of the said Allotments as the said Commissioners shall think necessary and di-red, by and at the Expence of the respective Owners and Proprietors of Lands subject to the Payment of Tythes within the said Manor of Bore, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and that such Walls, Fences and' Gates, shall for ever after the making thereof be maintained and kept in Repair by the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs and Assigns, and the Vicar of Dronfield, and Curate of Dore aforesaid, and their Successors for the Time being respectively, so far as their respective Allotments shall extend; and that from the First: Day of November next after the said Allotments, for or in lieu of Tythes or Modules, and Payments, in lieu thereof, shall have been allotted and fenced as aforesaid, all and all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Modules and Payments in lieu thereof, (Mortuaries, Ecsler Offerings, and Surp'ice Fees excepted), as well for and in respect of the said Wades, f loors. Commons and uninclosed Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as also for and in respect of the ancient Indofures, and all other Lands within the said Manor of Dore, and each and every of them, mail cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

Allotment so

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, after the Lor J . f having set cut the several Allotments herein-before diredeef, shall, and they the Manor, are hereby required to set out and allot unto and for the said Willi m Duke of Devonshire, as Lord of the Minor of D’oN aforesaid, his T.'en-s and Assigns, so much and such Part hud Parts of the then Refiduccf the W; ffes. Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands within the i /or cf Dore a.'ore-said, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners (h:dl be eourd in Value to One full Eighteenth Part or Share of such llefidue of the said Wades,

8 Moors,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 17o. 34.69

‘Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands, for and in lieu of, and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for his Right to the Soil of the said Wastes,

Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, and for his Content to the said Inclosure.

XVHL And whereas certain Encroachments have Tome Time since Allotment been made on the said Wafies, Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands, and for tl‘c the Pieces or Parcels of Land taken therefrom have been inclosed and im- p^o"° a" •proved, and the Rents and Profits thereof applied to or for the Benefit of a Schoolmaster within the said Manor of Dore, and for other charitable Purposes within the said Manor; be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners (lull, and they are hereby required, in the next Place to set out and allot so much and such Part of the said Wades, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall, together with •the said Encroachments so made, and inclosed and improved as aforesaid, be equal in Value to the clear annual Sum of Thirty Pounds; and it is hereby declared, That as well the said Lands so taken as Encroachments, as also the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted thereto as aforesaid, under and by virtue of this Act, shall be verted in the said William Duke of Devonshire; the Right Honourable William Cavendish, commonly called Marquis of Hartington; Sir Sitwell Sitwell Baronet; Sir William Chambers Bagshaw Knight; the Reverend D' Ewes Coke Clerk; George Bustard Greaves Esquire; John Unwin, Henry Hancock, Jcfnua Dtmgf-worth, Thomas Hancock, and the Curate for the Time being of the said Curacy of Dore, upon Trull, to (land and be possessed of the fame, and ■to apply the Rents and Profits thereof, from Time to Time, as the fame Khali become due and payable, unto and for the Benefit of a Schoolmaster within the said Manor of Dore, or for such other charitable Purposes within the said Manor, as the said Trustees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, or their known Agents or Attornies, or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by Writing under their respective Hands at a public Meeting, of which Meeting such Notice shall be given as is herein-before directed with respect to other Notices under this Act, shall in their Discretion think proper, and by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, from 'lime to Time direct or appoint; and it is hereby further declared, that the said Trullees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, or such Agents, Attornies, or Persons as aforesaid, shall at any such Meeting have full Power from Time to Time, to elect One or more new Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Room of any of the said Trustees or their Successors, who shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Premises, and also shall have full Power, from Time to Time, to lease and demise the said Premises hereby vested in them as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, reserv-Ing upon every such Lease and Demise, the best and mod improved Rent that could reasonably be gotten for the fame Premises, and without taking any Fine or Fore-Gift, or other Consideration for making or granting any such Lease or Demise.

XIX. And b e it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and jMIrtmer.t of they are hereby required, to set out and allot the Residue of the said open and Ruidue to t Loc. y Per.} 38 R Common ProjiiUtor*.

S473

Certain inclosed Land* to be allotted as open Fields.

Allotment! may be made in lien of chief or other Kents.

J,ands to be of the fame Tenure as

4-c/ GEORGII III. Cap. r 70.

Common Fields, Mesne Inclosurts, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and unm-closed Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and indofed, unto, between and amongst the several Persons who at the Time of making such Division, Allotment and inclosure shall be entitled thereto or interested therein, in Proportion to their feveia! and tefptftive Shares, Estates, Rights, Properties and Interests; and in making the several Allotments to be made under and by virtue of this Art, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to have due Regard to Situation and Convenience, as well as to the Quantity and Quality of the Land to be allotted, id as that the Allotment or Allotments of each Person be laid as near together, and as contiguous to their several Dwelling and Farm Houses and Estates as conveniently may be, confidently with the general Convenience of the Pariies jtitcrefled in the said Division, Allotment, and inclosure: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any Time before executing their final Award, to make any such Alterations in the Allotments, or in the Fences which they may have set out and ordered, or in any of the Orders and Directions relating theieto, which they may have made in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, as they may think right and expedient; and in case any Person or Persons be injured by such Alterations on Account of any Expences he or they may have been at, or otherwise, the said commissioners shall ascertain and determine what Recompence Zliall be made to him, her, or them for such Injury, and shall order and direct by whom and in what Maimer such Recompence shall be made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that more Proprietors than one have Land in the fame Close or Parcel of the pre!ent inclosed Lands, within the said Manor of Dot e, it shall be lawful lor the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required in every such Case, at the Requell of the Parties interfiled therein, to he signitied by Writing under their respective Hands, to divide, allot, and award every such Close or Parcel of the present inclosed Land, in the fame Way and Manner as if the fame were Part of the open and common Fields hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized to assign, set out and allot unto any Person or Persons who shall or may be entitled to any Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents, Quit Rents or other dry unimprovable Rents or Payments whatsoever, from or out of any Messuagea, Cottages, Lands, Tcneinems or Hereditaments belonging to any of the said Owners or Proprietors, or Persons interested as aforesaid, anti entitled to any Allotment or Allotments under and by virtue of this Act, iueh Portion or Portions of t he Allotment or Allotments of such Owners or Proprietors, or Persons interested as aforesaid, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equivalent in Value to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any uch Rents or Payments, and in lieu of and full Satisfaction for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be allotted by virtue of this or me said recited Act,

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

Act, shall be holden, and shall be deemed and taken to be under and ftihjedt to such and the like Tenure, Rents, Fines, Culloms, Heriotr. and Services, as the Lands and Hereditaments in right or in respect of which such Allotments shall be made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments ("except the Encroachments for the Benefit of a Schoolmaster and other Charitable Purposes herein-before mentioned) which shall appear to the said Commissioners to have been made at any Time within Thirty Years previously to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, upon the said Wastes, Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise, touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be settled by the said Commissioners; and all such Encroachments as shall be deemed Parts of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands, in case the same shall be allotted to the respective Parties who may have improved the fame, or to the said William Duke of Dtvon/loire, his Heirs or Assigns, shall be valued as if in an unimproved State, and without considering the Improvements made thereupon in building, or otherwise; but if such Encroachments shall be allotted to any other Person or Persons, then and in such Case the Person or Persons who shall receive the same, shall pay and allow to such Person or Persons as shall or may have improved the fame, such Compensation or Satisf action and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and by Writing under their Hands, or in and by their Award, order and direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise with or between any Person or Persons interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, touching their respective Shares, Proportions, Rights, Interests, Claims or Demands, or relating to the Boundaries to be let out by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, the said Commissioners or Umpire shall and and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame; provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine any Difference or Dispute touching the Title of any Person or Persons, in or to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners or Umpire, upon the Hearing or Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, Difference or Dispute, which shall be brought before them under and by virtue of this or the said recited Act shall fee cause to award any Colls or Charges to any of the Parties concerned therein, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Umpire, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, afiefs and award such Colls and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any such Determination of the said Commiss sioners or Umpire shall be made, by any Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall or m2y by such Determination be disallowed or over-ruled; and such Colts and' Charges, shall and may be

levied

3*71

those ir. ritflit o (which they rruy be allotted.

Refpt fling Encroach* n icnts.

Commissioners to determine disputed Claim3;

but not to determine Titles.

34/2

Allowing the Parties to try

th'-ir Right! by an issue Law.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Expences of parting and executing this Act are directed and authorized to be recovered.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons inteterted, or claiming to be iuterefled in the said intended Division, Allotment or Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil, or of any Right of Common, or other Right or Interest in, over or upon, or in respect of the said Open and Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, or relating to the Boundaries to be set out in pursuance of this or the said recited Act as aforesaid, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment or Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to Trial at Law of the Matter determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Derby; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners. or Umpire as aforesaid, rtiall cause an Action to be brought or commenced cn a feigned llfus again!! the Person or Persons in whose Favour fuels Determination shall have been made within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall have been made known to such Person or Persons; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, file, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept one or more Irtue or Irtiies whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon, or in Dispute, may be tried and determined} such Ilfue or Kfues, in case the Parlies shall differ about the fame, to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced; and if at the Trial of any such KTue or Issues, it shall appear that the Party claiming is entitled to any qualified or less Right or Rights or Irtferefts than was or were claimed by such Party, then it shall and may be lawful for the Jury by whom such Blue or lfiues shall be tried, to find and declare the fame by their Verdict, which shall be indorsed o:i the Poltea, in Addition to the Verdict given on the Ilfue or IiTues joined, but nevertheless the Colts of such Action or Actions shall abide and he determined by the Verdict given upon the Blue or Issues joined, as if no such Special Finding had been made; and the Verdict or Verdicts which fi.alj Le given in such Action or Actions upon the IOTue or Issues therein joined, in case there shall be no such Special Finding and Indorsement, or Inch Special Finding and Indorsement if any shall be made, shall be finally binding and conclusive upon and to all and every Person or Persons \» horasoever, uni els the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, or Finding and Indorsement, and c der a new Trial or Triads to be had thereupon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do j and a’.so upon sufficient Cause lliewn to put off the Trial of such Issue or Issues, as is usual in other Cases; and that alter such Verdict or Verdidh, or Special Finding and Indorsement shall be obtained and not let aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or difaliow the Claim 8 or

3473

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

•or Claims, Right or Rights, or Interest or Interests thereby determined, according to such Verdict or Verdicts, or Finding and Indorsement as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners Determina-or Umpire, touching or concerning any such Claim or Claims as aforesaid, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the be final, if said Division, allotment and inclosure, which shall not be objected to, or no- objected being objected to in rel’ped whereof the Party or Parties objeding shall '°> 01 Action not cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, roug u* shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon and to all Parties whatsoever.

XXVIL. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any If Parties die Action to be brought in pursuance of this or the said ecited Ad, shall die Proceeding* pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by Reason thereof, 110 10 a ate‘ but shall be proceeded in as if such Event had not happened.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be Suits not to commenced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Person delay the Indr Persons to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the c!o^ure* said Manor of Dore, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder

the said Commissionerrs from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers verted in them by the said recited Act and this Act; but the said Division,

Allotment and inclosure shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits; and the Allotment or Allotments to which such Suit or Suits shall ■relate, may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, who upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits shall become entitled to the same.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Prorifion in

or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have case of Death been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been be‘

been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have b^u-ht.'0"1* been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith, if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Person who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear a d defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of ail Parties-shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to cetermine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such

[Lee. & PerJ] 38 S Parties

Right of Possession of Persons not to be deter*

34-74 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

mine.! hv Parties, except in Cases of Encroachments made within the Period of Thirty Commission* Years, as herein-before mentioned; but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against tile Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

For diverting

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Water- and they are hereby empowered to direct and order all or any of the Water-

courfei. courses or Springs of Water in the said open and common Fields, mesne

Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, or any Part thereof, to be diverted, turned, or varied, and to be carried and conveyed in such Courses, and through such Lands and Allotments as they shall in their Discretion think proper; provided that such Watercourses or Springs of Water shall not be diverted, turned, or varied, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons who may at that Time be Owner or Owners entitled to the Benefit and Use thereof; and the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons from or into whose Lands or Grounds such Springs or Watercourses shall be diverted, turned or varied, carried through or conveyed as aforesaid; and provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to afteft the Springs or Watercourses called Sparkinson Spring and Sheep Hill Spring, but the Inhabitants within the said Manor of Dore shall have and enjoy the Benefit and Advantage thereof, in such and the like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

CommisTimi-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall eri may direct as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by some the Course of Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed upon one of the most Hutbindry. public outer Doors of the Parish Church of Dronfield aforesaid, and also on one of the most public outer Doors of the Church or Chapel of Dore aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately preceding Divine Service, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used, in, over and upon the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be inclosed, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said intended Division and Allotments, as well with respect to the laying down, ploughing, sowing, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the flocking and eating the Fallow or Stubbles; and also as to the cutting of Turf, Peat, Furze, Thorns or Bullies getting or digging of Peat or Stone, cutting of Wood, or doirg any Injury unto or upon the Lands intended by this Act to be inclosed; and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands to be affixed as aforesaid, shall and may make such Orders and Regulations touching the Conduct of Farmers and Tenants within the said Manor of Dore, for preventing them from committing Waste or D-struction upon any of the Lands and Grounds in the said Manor, in the Meantime and until the Allotments or Division thereof shall be effected, as to them shall feein expedient; all which Orders and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested therein, their Farmers and Tenants; and that the said Commissioners shall set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, on every Person not conforming to such Orders and Regulations, as they shall think necessary, which Penalties and Forfeitures

Ml

34-75

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

■shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and for such Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, or by their Award herein-after mentioned, direct or appoint; and the same shall be recovered and recoverable in a summary Way before any one Justice of the Peace for the said County of Derby, who is hereby authorized and required upon Complaint made before him, to summon the Parties accused, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (to be administered by him), and to proced to Judgement and Conviction as in Cases of a similar Nature, and if any such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be adjudged to have been incurred, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, together with reasonable Costs, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, Commission-and they are hereby authorized and empowered to ascertain and set out ers to fcl1 so much and futh convenient Part or Parts of the said Wastes, Moors, E*i !'"• Commons, and uninclosed Lands, as in the Judgement of the said (jom- CCSi missioners shall be sufficient to raise a competent Sum of Money for paying the Charges and Expences of passing and executing this Act, and to fell the Lands so set out (the Situation and Extent being by the said Commissioners first laid before a Meeting of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Inclol’ure) in such Manner and subject to such Conditions and Regulations, as by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty is provided in that Behalf; and shall also in like Manner, if requested so to do by any Tenant for Life or in Tail, or other Person being in Possession of, but not having the absolute Estate or Interest in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Manor of Dote, (such Request being in Writing under the Hand or Hands of such Person or Persons as aforesaid), to fell so much of the respective Allotment or Allotments to be made to such Person or Persons, in respect of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to the Expences which such Person or Persons may be charged with or liable to in fencing, ditching, enclosing and subdividing any such Allotment or Allotments; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners for the Purchase Money, shall be a full and complete Discharge, or full and complete Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers, for the Consideration Money which shall be therein expressed to be received; and such Purchaser or Purchasers, after such Receipt or Receipts, shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof, or be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof, or of any Part thereof; and atter Payment of the full 1’urchafe Money for any such Allotment or Allotments, the Purchaser or Purchasers shall thereupon respectively have and take to himself, herself or themselves, and his, her and their respective Heirs and Assigns, as absolute and indefeasible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, of and in the Lands which shall be comprized in such his, her, or their Purchase or Purchases; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, either to award the said Part or 10 Parts

34-76 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

Parts of the said Wades, Moors, Commons and uninclosed Lands, when fold, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively; his, her, or their Pleirs and Alligns lor ever, in and by their said Award; or otherwise if the Purchaser or Purchasers shall request the fame, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to convey in Fee Simple, by Lease and Release, made and executed by the said Commissioners, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, the said Allotment or Allotments, and the same shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes; and the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying the several Charges and Expences aforesaid.

The Defi-

XXXIV. Provided always, that in Case the Money arising by the Sale r'e"Cd b° 0 * °f'such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to de-Frjprietors" ^raY t^le Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Inclosure (other than and except the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Vicar of Dr on fie Id, and Curate of Dore aforesaid, for the Time being, respectively, so far as relates to the Allotments herein-before directed to be made to the said William Duke of Devonshire, and Vicar of Dronjicld, and Curate of Dore aforesaid, in respect or in lieu of Glebe Lands, or Tythes), and shall be paid in such Shaves and Proportions, and within such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners Avail direct, nominate and appoint; or in case any Expences shall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Person or Persons, and not out of any Money to be raised for the general Purposes of this Adf, then the fame Avail be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and by such Person or Persons, and within such Time and to such Person or Persons as the said CommiAioners shall direct, nominate or appoint Provided always, that if there shall be any Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale, such Overplus shall be divided and apportioned among the several Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, in such Shares as Avail be in Proportion to their respective Property and Interest therein; and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple Avail be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of the ottier Proprietors and Persons of and in such overplus Money shall be applied in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon; and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the fame Lies.

Lease at

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Rack Rent to Leases, or other Agreements, at Rack Rent, subsisting of all or any Part be void. or parts of any Messuage, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Manor of Derr, for any 'Term or Number of Years unexpired, shall immediately, upon such Allotments being made, or so soon after as the Hid Commissioners shall by their said Award direct, cease, determine, and be void, in respect: of the said open and common Fields, mefhe Inclosures,

Wastes,

3477

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, the respective Owners and Proprietors of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so in Lease as aforesaid, making such Satisfaction to such Leffee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, for or in respect of such Lease or Leases, or other Agreements, or as an Equivalent for the same.

XXXVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend Not to ex-to make void any Lease or Leases of the present inclosed Lands or Heredi- te«d to taments, or of any Part or Parts of the Lands or Grounds by this Act K»«1ia"bceti directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, upon the making or renewal whereof any Fine or Fines hath or have been paid.

XXX VIF. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Allot- Abatement merit or Allotments of any Part of the said open and common Fields, to be aflow<4 melhe Inclosures, Waites, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, shall be made for and in respect of the Rights and Interests belonging to Kigiji*. any Person or Persons, for or in respect of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the said Manor of Dore, which are held by any Tenants or Occupiers for a Term of Years, by virtue of any Lease or Agreement thereof made, and if such Tenants or Occupiers do not or shall not come to an Agreement with the Person or Persons to whom such Allotments shall be made for the Use, Occupation and Enjoyment thereof, such Tenants or Occupiers shall not be entitled to enter upon, occupy, or hold the said Allotment or Allotments, but shall nevertheless have and receive from the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof, such an Abatement from the Yearly Rent or Rents, reserved and made payable in and by such Lease or Lease-, Agreement or Agreements, for the Remainder of the Term or Terms then to come therein, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a reasonable Compensation for the Loss which he or they shall sustain thereby.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Exchange* to and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot and award any Lands, may be made. Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manor of Dore, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manor of Dore, or within any adjoining Manor,

Hamlet, Township or Place j provided that all such Exchanges be afeer-talned, specified and declared, in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body of Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail general or special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians,

Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or ether Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting lor any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid,

■who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be respectively Inia.its, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity ILoc. £sf Per.3 38 T or

3*78

Expences of

Exchanges how to be borne.

Terants to give up exchanged Lands.

Vicar of Dronfield not to lease his Allotment without the King’s Consent.

Persons felling btfoie the Execution of the Award, Com-

49’GE ORG 11 III. Cap. 170;

Qr who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself or herself; such Consent to be tedified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties consenting respectively; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges, so to be made, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent tedified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall be or be situate: Provided always, that the Costs, Charges and Expenses attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Act, and the said recited Act, or either of them contained, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant and Occupier, under any Lease or Agreement for any Term of Years of any of the old Inclosures, within the said Manor of Dore, which shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or within such further Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose, give up and relign the fuli and peaceable Possession of such exchanged Lands, to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively exchanged; such respective Tenants and Occupiers receiving from the said respective Owners and Proprietors of such exchanged Lands, such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants respectively, on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the Loss or Losses he, (lie, or they shall respectively fudain thereby; and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Six Calendar Months after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same, for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, can or may be raised or recovered.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Lease or Leases, to be made by virtue of the said recited Act of any Lands or Grounds to be allotted to the Vicar of DronJIcM, or his Successors for the Time being, shall be good, valid and effectual, unless the Cor feat of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, as Patron of the said Vicarage, shall be had and obtained thereto previously to the Execution of such Lease or Leases.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall or may, z< an) Time before the Execution of the said Award, have fold his or their Sight, filtered, or Property, in over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, 7 or

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser, Vendees or Purchasers, or to his, her , or their Heirs and Assigns, for and in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold.

XLIT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, adjudged, or taken to revoke, make void, alter or annul any Settlement, Deed, or Will, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Mortgage, Debt, Charge or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, or any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be exchanged or divided by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, or any Part or Parcel thereof respectively; but that the several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, io to be assigned, allotted, exchanged or divided as aforesaid, shall immediately after the making such Allotments, Exchanges, Partitions or Divisions respectively be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be assigned and allotted, or given in Exchange, shall from thenceforth {land, and be seized and possessed thereof respectively, to such and the same Uses, and to and for such and the fame Estates, and with and under such and the fame Powers and Authorities, and subject: to such and the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Provisions, Remainders, Reversions, Mortgages, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances, as the several Messuages, Lands, Grounds, Hereditaments and common Rights in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments and Exchanges shall be made, at or immediately preceding the making thereof, shall or may {land limited or liable to, or would have been liable to in case this Act had not been made.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, every such Person or Persons shall be repaid the fame with Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the first Monies that shall be raised or received by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, for defraying such Expences.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, when enrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited and kept in the public Chest belonging to the Church or Chapel of Dere aforesaid, where the other public Writings belonging to the said Manor of Dore are tonally kept, in order that all Persons interested in the said Inclosure may have recourse thereto at all seasonable Times.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That once at Ieafl in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the pa (ling thereof) the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of

Money

3479

missioner* to allot to the Purchasers.

No Settlement, Will, &rc. to ie altered.

Money advanced to he repaid with Intend.

Award to h* deposited.

Commis-iionci»to account.

34-8° 4-9* GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

Money by them received and expended, or due to them, for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this and the said recited Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices fated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Items in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been first allowed by such Justice or Justices.

Proprietors SLV1. And be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors shall pay to pay their their own Expences when they attend the said Commissioners at any of police*" their Meetings to be holden for putting thisfAft into Execution.

Appeal to the

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Quarter Sef think himself, herself, or them Elves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur-£ons. fuance of this or the said recited Act other than and except such Claims,

Matters and Things as are herein before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions of the said recited Act, or of this Act, the Determinations of the said Commissioners are directed to be final and conclusive), then and in every such Case, he, she, or they may appeal to the Gefteral Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be ( olden for the said County of Derby, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have aiifen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned. Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to lev; the Colts and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such 'Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to ne levied in Manner aforesaid.

IVAits of

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it Further enacted, That nothing in

Mining re- this Act contained, shall bar, prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Rights, 1’itles, fuvcj. and interestSj which the said William Duke of Devonshire, or any of His Majesty's Subjects now have and enjoy, or shall or may 1 creafter claim to have and enjoy, of digging for, searching, working, and carrying on Mines

of

4.90 GGEORGII III. C,p. 170. 3481

of Lead Ore, Mines, Veins, Beds or Seams of Coal, Iron, Stone, and other Minerals (fiveand except Stone, Gravel, Clay and Sand), and taking and enjoying such Lead Ore, Coal, Iron, Stone, and other Minerals (except as aforesaid) in, upon, and out of all the said Wades, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands within the said Manor of Dore, intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid; but that all and every His Majesty's Subjects, dtall from henceforth, for ever hereafter, have and enjoy such Rights of mining for and getting Lead Ore, Coals, Iron, Stone, and other Minerals (except as aforesaid), and ufeand exercise such Liberties and Privileges in respect thereof, in and throughout all and every Part of the said Wades, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, in as ample and exten-five a Manner as they have hitherto of Right enjoyed and exercised the fame, making Satisfaction for any Damages that shall be done thereby; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Saving Rights Act contained, diall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title or intered to the Lord of the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs or Adigns, Lord or r’ftnc Manon Lords of the said Manor of Dore, of, in, or to the Seigniorities and Royalties incident to or belonging to the said Manor, but that such Lord or Lords for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Mines of Lead Ore, Mines, Veins, Beds or Seams of Coal,

Iron, Stone, and other Minerals, except as aforesaid. Waifs, Edrays, and all other Royalties, Jurisdictions, Pre-eminences, and Privileges whatsoever, to the said Manor incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining,

(other than and except the Right to the Soil of the said Wades, Moors,

Commons, and uninclosed Lands, for which a Compensation is hereby before directed to be made), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame might or could have been held and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

L. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Qen(.rai SaT Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies ingofRights! Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors,

Executors and Administrators respectively, '(other than and except the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land or other Compensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Intered or Property for which such Allotment or allotments, or Compensation shall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Adigns, and except such other Rights and Intereds as the Intent and Purpose of the Division, Allotment and Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, dtdroyed, or extinguished, by virtue of this Act); all such Estates, Rights, Titles and Intereds, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could, might, or ought to have held or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

,[Loc. & Per.] 38 U

3482

AA to be printed by the King’s Printei.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 170.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof, lo printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straham, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 171.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for applying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lightings cleatifng, watering, and repairing the said Bridge.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Bla^ kfriars in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey; the Mayor, Aldernnn, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, were authorized and empowered to build the said Bridge, and to prtlerve and maintain the fame when built: And whereas by another Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled. An Alii for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackfriars in the City ^London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, end the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tells on the fetid Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in She said City, for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing towards those Purposes the Impnfition of Sixpence [Loc. & Per,] 38 X per

jo o. s. c- s<«

7.C. 3. c. 37.

34-86

at G. 3. c.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 17s.

per Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of the said City, ejhiblifljtd by an Act of the Efilx and Sixth Teat s of the Reign of King William and £>uej&M&; v; aiiJ.affi far carrying on the new Pavements in the City and ■JMertjit.jgPtJ\tnd Parishet adjacent, and-within the Town and Bdf&tgb epS^utu-.vark, and for other Purposes therein mentioned the said RTtyor/AjRft^tij ard Ceranraps, in Common Council aflepibled, were fyaheraaQiflitemSno embowered to inclose and embank the Ground and 5^§ir«f •tKc&B.er^iWffi«1 bettftep the Writ C<<M>?rof PmvoilfsWharf, nearFtOtdle ftfi-.m rhb laid 'tlfy'of London, and the E5.il Comer of Robert's Wharf, near Mi ford Lane, in the County of Middlesex, and towards providing a Fund for defraying the Expences of lighting, watching, clean-ling and repajfiag, tltf Lief Bfidgp* it was th^by, cp.adeR that the Soil and Ground of fnMIH Rivgr, Wnlth by virtue of the said Act: should be so enclosed and embanked, should be subject to, and the fame was thereby charged with certain Quit Rents, which were thereby veiled in and made p*y^i3tr »o thtfrl^Ta4>i9'and ClhRhOhalcy and Citizens of the said City for ever; hatfl JPhd1' |mle*were#t|ej^by appropriated towards the lighting, watciiirigTcleanfing, and repairing of the said Bridge: And whereas by an Act passed in the Twemy-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-3?. jesty, intituled, An Act for laying a Tod upon all Horjes and Carriages passing on.a Sunday over BUckfriars Budge, and for applying the Money to thrift thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge, several Tolls and Duties were gr.nted to and velted in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London,md their Succeilbtvaad drversPow'ers and Au hontirs were given to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Conynoiy Council alfeiubtkd. fot carrying the same Act into Execution, and Which several Tolls, Powersj and Authorities wete to commence on, and have Continuance from the fcrfl Sunday next aft r the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven fiuncifed and eighty-six, for the Tern of Twenty-one Years, and, from thence to the End of the then next Seiji on of Parliament, 3nd the federal S ms of Money Which should arise from the said Tolls were thereby directed ro be applied to the annual Maintenance and Support, as well, as" tq the lighting, watching, cleansing, repairing, and watering of the said Bridge, which laid Term expired on or aDout the Fourth Day of July, Onerihoufand eight hundred and eight: And whereas the Funds arising from and under the Authority of the Two first hereinbefore recited Acts, applicable to the Support and Maintenance of the said Bridge, as well as the lighting, watching, deaqfing, and watering thereof, now amount, without the said Tolls, to no more than the Sum of One hundred and eight)-seven Pounds Eighc Shillings and Tei>pence Three Farthings per Annum, which is quite inlufhcient for thefr Pur poles; And whereas, inasmuch as for want of the said Tolls there is now no adequate Fund for maintaining and supperring the said Bridge, and defraying the Expences incident thereto as tvfmresaid, it is expedient that the lull herein-before recited Act should be revived and coarinued for a further Term, and that fom- of the Powers and Piovtfions thereof should be a tired, and further Powers r..nted for more eTcdually carrying the said Act into Execution: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 171.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the last herein-before - rcciied Ad, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Tolls, Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishmencs, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions and Clauses therein contained (except so far as the same are hereby altered, varied, or repealed, or are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act), shall be and are hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and liffeft, for and during the Term herein-after limited and expressed, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as it the fame Tolls, Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishmencs, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, and Clauses herein referred to (except as aforesaid), were repeated andexpressly inftrted and enacted in die Budy of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Receipts and Payments of Money, and all other Atts, Matters, and Things which, since the Expiration of the said last herein-before recited Act of the Twenty-fixch Year of the Reign of His present Majesty have been made, done, executed, authorized, permitted, or sufferetl by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of dip City of London, in C.immos Council alftm-bled, and b'/ any Committee or Committees acting for or under them, and by ihe Lefties, Collectors, and Receivers of the Tolls taken ar the said Bri <_e, or any of them, and by all or any other Officers and Persons respective , touching or in anywise concerning the Exercise or Execution, or under Colour of any of the Powers, Authorities, or Trusts in or by the same Act granted or expressted, shall be as good, valid, end effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame last herein-before recited Act had continued in full Force and EiTeft until the Day of the Commencement of this act; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and also the several Ltff-es, Colltftors, Receivers, and other Officer , a d all other Persons whom (never acting under the Authority of che said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common', since the Expiration, of the said la!; hernn-before recited Act, shall be and a e hereby indemnified for what they shall have done in j urluance or under Colour of the same Act, iince the Exj.irat.on [hereof, in as full, ample, and eff ftual a Mann«r as they would ii ve been if the said Act had continued in force until the Day of the Commencement of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That on the First Sunday next after the pafij g ot iffs Act, and on every subsequent Sunday do ing the Term herein-after limited in that Behalf, the several and respective Tolls which were in and by the said lift h-rein-before recited Act of the Twenty-fixih Year afirefad preferred ami expressed, shall be paid to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Colltftors, to be appointed or authoiizsd as in that Act is mentioned, before any Horses, Mules, or Asses, or any Coaches, Chaifcs, or other Carriages shall be permitted to pais on such respective Sunday over the said Bridge.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Com; tons in Common Council assembled, or any Committee or Commitecs acting for and authorized by them, from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with ail or any of the Inhabit-

7 ants

3487

Term and Powe e o? the l ift recited Act revived ana continued*

Common Council, and Collector*,

See. indemni-ti d so having a red since the F.X|>i it or of th last recited Act.

Sund.iv Tol’s on Hor:rf,etc. to be pa 11 on fiift Sunday after patfing of Act, etc.

Power to compound for Tolls.

3488 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 171.

ants of any Parish or Parishes, Township or Townships, Place or Places whatsoever, for the passing of their, his, or her Horles, Cattle or Carriage* liable to the said Tolls, through any Toil Gate erected or to be erected under the Authority of the last herein-before recited Act and of this Act, or either of them*, which Composition Money shall be paid yearly in advance, and in Default thereof the Composition or Agreement wuh the Person or Persons making such Default shall from thenceforth be void.

Application V. And be it also enacted, That all the Monies which before the Day in HanJ°and l^e Commencement of this Act shall have been raised an 1 produced by

hereafter to virtue or under Colour of the last herein-before recited Act, and (h.dl be

be collected, remaining undisposed of on that Day, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by and from the Toils by this prcl'ent Act granted or made payable, and all other Monies which hall arise and be | roduced •by virtue of this Act, and not herein or in the last hmir-before recited Act, otherwise appropriated or t irested to be applied, shal he ad are hereby vested in the said Mayor and Comnu na.ty and C t zens of the City of London, and their Successors, and shall and may tie applied end disposed of, in the first Place, in Payment of the Colb, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing oft is Act, and afterwards in and towards the annual and other Maintenance and Sup,;jrr, as well as the lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, anu repairing of the said Bridge, and executing the several other Powers, Intents, and Purposes of the said last herein-before recited Act and of this Act.

MoveabieTol!

VL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Turnpike or bc'ufc’'1*0 to Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll Houses, which the f.ud Mayor, Alderu c, and Commons of the City of London are under or tiy virtue of the said " recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His pics-nt Majesty empowered to erect and place, for the Purpose of collecting thr fever. 1 and respective Tulls thereby made payable, and hereby rtv veil and continued, shall not hereafter be permanent, but temporal y or moveable Turnpikes or Tell Houses* and that no such Turnpike or Turnpikes, l oll Haul; or Toll Houses, shall be fixed or placed wuhin the Limits specified in the said last mentioned Act,umiia!terTen of the Clock in the Even ing of every Saturday, and thac the fame, with the Polls and all the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, shall be entirely removed beforeNine of the Clock on every Monday Morning, to some convenient Place to be provided lor thar Purpose, exceeding the Diltance of One hundred Yards from the said Bridge, any Thing in the said reiited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

AHowing rer-

VII. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted or •tain Exemp- continued by the said recited Acts and this Act shall be demanded, 'AolT. taken, or received for any Iloifc, Cattle, or Carriage of whatsoever Description, ertiplo-ed or to be emp oyed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expn fifes unaer the Authority of His Majesty's Postmatler General, nor for the Horles oclonging to any Officers or S)ld<eis on their March or on Duty nor for ny Horse, Caide or Caniage, employed in carrying or convey ng the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldier1, or in carrying any lick, wounded, or disabled Office s or Soldiers, nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the HoTie or Horles, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in

convtying

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 171. , 24^9

conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commiflariar, or other public Stores, of or belonging to H;s Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, filrnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to cr returning from eny Place appointed for Exercise,

Inspection, or Review, provided that loch Person is in the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps at the Time of claiming the Exemption; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds 1 and in all Caies the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the fame, which said Penalty shall be recovered, paid, and applied in such and the same Manner as Penalties or Forfeitures incurred under the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, are directed to be recovered, paid, and applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or Owner, •* causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, pro- waggon, vided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, conveying Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any tubject to Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other Carriage, be (lopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it also enacted, That in any Action or Suie to be brought Amendment or commenced by, or by Order of, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- concerning mons, against any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corpo.

rate, in pursuance and Execution, or under the Authority of the last herein-before recited Acc and this Act, or of either of them, such Action or Suit shall or may in every such Case be brought and commenced in the Name of the Mayor, and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London j any Thing in the last herein-before recited Act contained to the contrary in anywil'c notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, Action, Toll colleo, Prosecution,or Litigation shall arile touching or in anywil'c relating to any

of the Tolls granted or made payable by the last herein-before recited Act BcUbi.' K? and this Act, or either of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, Action, Prosecution, or Litigation, by reason of his or their being appointed to collect the fame, or by reason of such Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled.

iLtc. W Per,'] 38 r

SI. And

349°

Power to mi-ligate Penalties.

Power to reward Informers with Part of Pena!-ties.

Por paying the Expences of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 171.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or for the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted by virtue or under the Authority of the last herein-before recited Act and of this Act, or of either of them, to mitigate, compound, or Jeffen any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred under the fame Acts or either of them, so as the Mitigation of such Penalties or Forfeitures do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the fame respectively.

XII. And be it also enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or for the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, by virtue or under the Authority of the lad herein-before recited Act and of this Act or either of them, from Time to Time, if they or he shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or any of them, as they or he shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of the fame respectively, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or of any of them; aoy Thing in the (araeTwo Acts or in either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the Monies received, or to be received under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty or this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect on the Day of the passing thereof, and shall continue in Force for the Term of One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice r.f as such by act Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

h a

Cap. 172.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-hxth Years of the Reign of His prefen t Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the W■sft India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, and the East India Docks at Blackmail, both in the County of Middlesex; and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road in the said County; also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Road from the said Road, communicating with the East India Docks, to Barking in the County of EJ[ex\ and for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road, to or near to ‘Tilbury Fort in the County of Essex.

[15th Jfune 1809.]

33 Z

[Lee. fcf Per.2

WHEREAS

3494

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering a Road from the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with a Street called Church Lane or Church Street, Whitechapel and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex, for opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned, and for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also from the West End a/'Brook Street into Cable Strett, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County c/’Middlesex; certain Persons therein nominated, and their Successors to be elected as therein mentioned, were appointed Trustees for carrying the several Powers of the said Act into Execution: And whereas by one other Act made in the 44 g. 3.C. 37. Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering and en 'arging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex; and also of everal Acts for repairing the Cannon Stieet Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Branch communicate with the East India Docks; additional Trustees were therein appointed, and the said Trustees were enabled to make, maintain, watch, light, and water, anew Branch of Road to communicate with the East India Docks: And whereas by one other Act made G. ? in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Forty fecotu and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex; and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Stieet Road, i>i the said County-, andafo for making, maintaining, watch ng, lighting, and watering a new Branch, to communicate with the East India Docks; certain Powers were given to the said Trustees, for varying the Line of the said new Branch of Road to communicate with the East India Docks: And wheeas the Powers of the said Acts have been found inefficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered and enlarged: And whereas it would not only be highly beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London, but of essential Utility and Convenience to the Public, and more particularly to the Inhabitants of Blackwall, Poplar, Limehouse, and Stepney, and the Owners and Occupiers of Land, and the Inhabitants of those Parts of the County of Essex which lie contiguous to the River Thames, if a better and shorter Communication were made between such Parts of the said County, the East, West India, and Z,«w/or<jDocks, and the City of London, by means of erecting a Bridge over the River Lea, and the making of anew Road to lead from the said East India Dock Branch of Road to the JTowu of Barking in the said County of Essex, and by the erecting and maintaining of Communication Bridges and Arches over the Rivers, Rivulets, Streams of Water, Sewers, and Watercourses, that may intersect the Course of duch new Road, in as much as the lame would afford a more direct Communication

3495

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

munication than there is at present between his Majesty's Arsenal at Wool-ivtc/j and Tilbury Fort., (as forming a Part of the Road about to be m ide from London to Tilbury Fort), and the Navy, East India, West India and other Shipping lying in the River Thames, between Blatkwall, Gravesend, and the Nore, and would also greatly facilitate the March of Troops, the Passage of Foot Passengers, and the Conveyance of Cattle, Corn, Hay, Straw, and other Produce of the said County, and also the Conveyance of Fish to the London Market, and if stich new Road, and the Bridges and A ches to communicate with the fame, subject to the Auhority and Direction of the Trustees by the said recited Acts appointed:

And whereas an Act was made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of 48 G- 3

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County e/Efle';: And whereas Provision was made in and by the said last mentioned Act (amongst other Things) for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Great Turnpike Road leading from Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, to Romford, in the County of Essex, from a Place at or near to fames Shephard's, late John Fothergill's, Plantation in the Parish of Weft Ham, in the said County of Eftfex, situate between the Four and Five Mile Stones on the said Road leading from Whitechapel to Romford, into and through the several Parishes of Weft Ham, East Ham,

Barking, Dagenham, Hornchurch, Rainham, Wennington, Aveley, Weft Thorock, otherwise Weft Thurrock, Gray's Thorrock, otherwise Gray's Thurrock, Little Thurrock, otherwise Little Thorrock, and Chadwell, all in the said County, to a Place adjoining to the Ferry causeway, or Landing Place at or near to Tilbury Fort, in the said Parish of Chadwell: And wheieas no Pa't of the said last-mention'-d Line of Road, leading through the several Parishes of Weft Ham, East Ham, and Barking, has yet been made, and the fame cannot, under the.Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, be completed without great Delay, Difficulty, and Expence, and the lame would be rendered unnecessary, if the Line of Road here-in-before mentioned leading from and out of the said East India Dock Road, to communicate with Barking aforesaid, were to be forthwith carried into Execution; but as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefnt Parliament affi-mbled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited A :ts paILd 111 the Forty- Provisionsot second. Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, and all and every the Tolls and Duties, Clauses, Powers, Excmptio s, Pe- this Act'. ' nalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Payments, Provisions,

Articles, Matters, and Things therein contained slave and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or'eptaled), shall be in <uil Force and Effect for and during the Term herein-aft r mentioned, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, for the Purpose of making, repaid ng, altering, widening, lighting, watching, and watering the several Roads, Streets, Ways, and Passages in the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His New Road, present Majesty, mentioned and defe ibrd; and also for making, repai ing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, and watering a ce tain new R./a leading from and out of the F.aft End of the said East India Dock Branch of Road, at or near the Entrance Gate of the said Last India Docks,

through.

3496

For extending the Provisions of 42, 44, Sc 46 G. 3. as relates to Middlesex, to lifll-x, as to 1 he Part of the Road lying therein.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 17 2.

through, along, anct'over a certain Road or Way on the North Side of the Boundary Wall of the said Docks, to, through, along, and over certain Grounds and Foreland, the Property and in the Occupation of the Enji India Dock Company, to the River Lea, all which said Line of Road is situate in the several Pari (he s of Saint Dunjlati Slebuttbeath, otherwise Stepney, and Bromley Saint Leonard, otherwise Saint Leonard Bromley, in the Councy of Middlesex, or one of them, and by erecting a Bridge over the said River to continue to, along, through, across, and over certain Roads, Ways, Lands, Grounds, Poddocks, Yards, Gardens, Messuages, Tenements, Erections, Buildings, Rivers, Rivulets, Streams, Watercourses, Hereditaments, and Premises situate, lying, and being in the several Parishes of Weft Ham, East Ham, and Barking, and into and to communicate with the Town of Barking, aforesaid, all in the said Counry of Essex, and the Whole of such Line of Road, and the Bridges and Arches to communicate therewith, and the Lands, Grounds, Paddocks, Yards, Gardens, Messuages, Tenements, Erections, Buildings, Risers, Rivulets, Streams, Watercourses, Hereditaments, and Premises, over and through which the fame will pass respectively, are more particularly delineated, described, and set forth in the Plan or Pirns deposited with the Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties of Middlesex and Essex respectively; and the Owners and Proprietors, or reputed Owners and Proprietors, and Occupiers thereof respectively are more particularly named and set forth in the Book or Books of Reference lodged and deposited, together with the said Plan or Plans, with the Clerks of the Peace foT the said respective Counties; and for carrying the several Powers of this Act into Execution, which said additional Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall or may become due and owing, on the Credit of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-ftxrh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and of this Act, or any of them, and all Intereil due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas Doubts may arise how far such Tolls and Duties, Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Pireftions, Payments, Provifmns, Articles, Matters, and Things in the said last recited Acts contained (save and except as aforesaid), may be levied, collected, and recovered, or be good, valid, and eifcftual, or in anywise applicabie to such Parts of the said Road, and the Bridges, Arches, and other Works authorized to be made and maintained by virtue of this Act, as lie within the County of Effsx, by lealon that the said County’ is not specifically mentioned in the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, the Road and Branch of Road directed to be made and maintained by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts being situate within the County of Middlesex only, be it therefore enacted, That all and every the said Tolls and Duties, Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Payments, Provisions, Articles, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts conained (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be in full Force and Effect, and be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall and may be raised, levied, collected, exercised, and xarritd on in the said County of Essex, as fully and effectually as if the said

County

3497

49° GEORGII IH. Cap. 172.

County were expressly named in the said Acts, and fuhfticuted as and for the said County of MidcHefex; and that the said County of Essex, shall and may, in all Proceedings, Directions, Matters, and Things required to be done, exercised, and executed within the said County of Essex, be and be deemed and considered to be fubllituted and put in the Stead and Plate of the said County of Middlesex, any Thing in the said recited Acts or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner, and the several Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Essex respectively, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities with regard to the several Matters and Things arihng within their rel'pe’.tive Junfdidmns as are given in and by the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner, and the several Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Middlesex, with regard to the several Matters and Things atifing within th.ir respective Jurisdictions.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Power was given to the Truf-rees therein named, to make and maintain a Turnpike Road from the great Turnpike leading from Whitechapel, in the County of Middle} cx, to Romford, in the County of Essex, from a lace at or near to James Shephard's late John Fother gill'^ Plantation, in the Parish of West Ham, in the said County of Essex, situate between the Four and Five Mile Stones on the said Road leading from Whitschapel to Romftrdafore-said, into and through the several Pa ilhes of West Ham, East Ham, Barking, and certain other Places therein particularly mentioned: And whereas it is in and by the said laid recited Act provided and enacted, that the Whole of such Parc of the said Road as was directed to be made through the several parishes of Weft Ham, East Ham, and Barking aforesaid should be made and completed before any other Part of the said Road thereby directed to be made should be begun, or any Money expended thereon: And whereas it is in and by the said last recited Act further provided and enacted, that it should not be lawful for the Trustees thereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, to begin or make any Part or Parts of the said Road through the Parishes of Weft Ham, Ea/t Ham, and Barking, or any Part or Parts of the said Road, through the Parish of Dagenham, Hornchurch, and Rainham, until there should be a sufficient Sum of Money subscribed to make and complete all those Parts of the said Road through the said Parishes of Weft Ham, East Ham, Barking, Dagenham, Hornchurch, and Rainham: And whereas the said Road directed to be made and maintained under and by virtue of the fani recited Acts made in the Forty-iecond, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and of this Act, and leading from the said East India Dock Road to the Town of Barking aforesaid, will, when the fame is compleated, render unnecessary and inexpedient so much of the said Road directed to be made and maintained under and by virtue of the said Act> made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as leads through the several Parishes of West Ham, East Ham, and Barking, and it is expedient that so much of the said iall-mentioned Act as relates to the making and maintaining of such Part of the said Road, and the said Provisions teUting thereto, herein recited, should be repealed} be it there-[L«\ if Per.] 39 A fore

For repealing so much of 48 Geo. j. cap. 91. as relates to the making of a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Barking.

3498 49° GEORGII III. Cap. vji.

fore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relaces to the making and maintaining of the said Road from the great Turnpike Road leading from Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, to Romford, in the County of Essex, from a Place at or near to James Shephard’s, late John Fothergill's Plantation, in the said Parish of Wrjl Ham, in the said County of Essex, situate between the Four and Five Mile Stones on the said Roa4 leading from Whitechapel to Romford aforesaid, into and through the several Parishes of Weft Ham, East Ham, and Barking (except nevertheless such Part of the said Road as extends beyond and to the East ward of the Town of Barking aforesaid, and beyond the Line or Point where the Road directed to be made and maintained by virtue of this Act terminates in the Parish of Barking aforesaid), and the said Powers and Provisions, herein-before recited respecting the fame, shall be and the same are hereby repealed and declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

For Payment

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and of the £jr (hg-said Trustees, acting under and by virtue of the said Three several " Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and of this Act, and they are hereby required by and out of the Monies raised or to be raised, by virtue of the said last-mentioned Acts and this Act, upon and in respect of the said lioad leading from' and out of the East India Dock Branch of Road to the Town of Barking aforesaid, to pay and discharge all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as have been fublctibed and paid by the several Persons, Subscribers for and towards the Purposes of the said Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also all and every the Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money which are due and owing to any Person or Persons whomsoever on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to- be collected by the said last-mentioned Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

This Act not V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein to affect the contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken to extend conuin^d'Tn* 38 ,0 rePea*' vacate> invalidate, lessen, abridge, determine, or make that Act. void any of the other Powers, Provisions, l olls, Duties, Articles, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, or airy Part thereof.

Power to raise additional Sum of £. 20,000.

VJi And whereas it is, amongst other Things, by the said recited Act' made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty enacted, ‘ That until the Road and Branch of Road therein described ‘ should be fully made and completed, the Trustees named in and acting •* under and by virtue of the said Act should and they were thereby empowered and directed to pay Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per *■Centum per Annum upon all such Principal Sum and Sums of Money as «, should have been actually subscribed or undertaken to be subscribed and

* paid at any Time or Times within Three Calendar Months after the ‘v passing of the said recited Act, which Interest should commence and be computed from the Time or respective Times of Payment of such Principal. Monies-or of the instalments thereof respectively; and from and after the Time whcg the said Road and Branch of Road should be fully

5 * made

3499

49° G E O &. G11 III. Cap. 172.

* made and completed, the said Trustees should, and they were thereby

* required and directed to pay such further Interest or Dividends, not exceeding in the whole the Rate of Ten founds per Centum per Annum,

‘ upon all Principal Sums of Money which should have been so subscribed

* or undertaken to be subscribed and paid, as should be from Time to Time ‘ resolved and determined by a Majority of the said Trustees at a Meeting *, to be holden for that Purpose; and at the fune Time providing that ‘ the said further Interest or Dividends should not be paid or payable on ‘ ’or for any Principal Sum or Sums of Money beyond the Amount of ‘ Fifty thousand Pounds i the whole, nor on or for any Sum or Sums

* of Money other than such Sum or Sums as should have been actually ‘ subscribed and paid, or undertaken to be paid within the Time aforesaid,

* nor on or for any Sum or Sums of Money whatever which should at any Time be secured determined by Mottgage of the said foils under the said recited Act ‘ in Mai ner therein mentioned And whereas in and by the said recited Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Provision was made for raising the further Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds for the Purpose of completing the Works and Roads directed to be made, maintained, and supported by virtue of the said ricited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also for ' raising the further Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, and watering the said Branch of Road leading to the East India Docks and to Popldr therein mentioned, and the said Trustees were thereby authorized to pay Inicrelt and Dividends upon the said additional Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds arid Twenty thousand Pounds in the same Manner as the fame were directed to be paid upon the said original Sum, ndt exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, authorized to be raised under and by virtue. of the said recited Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And whereas it is necessary that a further Sum should be raised by Subscription, for carrying the said recited Acts, friide in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the ReigriofHiS present Majesty, and this Act into Execution, so faf as the fame relate to the said Line of Road herein-before dirtfted to be made, supported, and maintained, and leading from and out of the said East India Dock Branch

of Road to Barking aforesaid, and the Bridges, Arches, and other Works 10 communicate therewith; be if therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, acting under1 and by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fouithi arid Foffy-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to and for the' several Subic ibers under the said last mentioned Acts, to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Shares and Proportions as to them {halt seem meet, or to raise by the AdmilSon of new Subscribers, any iiiriher or other Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Twfenty thorifandt Pounds, in Addition to the said feveraf Sdms of Fifty thbhfand Pounds, Fifty thousand Pounds, and Twenty thousand Pounds1, directe'd to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, for carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, f6 lir as the lamel relate to the making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering of the said new Road leading from and out of tire fttld East India Dock Branch of Road to Barking aforesaid, and for the Purpose of erefting and comptleting the said Bridge over the River Leif aforesaid, arid" of erecting the said other Communication Bridges or Arches and the several other Works

35oo

Power to

increufe

Capital,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

Works necessary thereto respectively; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby empowered and directed to pay Imereft alter tile Rate of hive Pounds per Centum per Annum upon all such Principal > uni and Sums of Money, being Part or Parts of the said additional Sum of 1 wenty ihou-far.d Pounds directed to be raised by virtue of this Act, as shall have been actually subscribed or may hereafter befublcribed and paid for the Purposes aforesaid, and such Interest (bail commence and be computed from the Time or Tespective Times ot Payment of such respective Principal Monies or of the Instalments thereof respectively; and from and after tho lime that the said Road, directed to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be fully made and completed, the said Trustees shall and may and rhey are herthy empowered and directed to pay such further Interest or Dividends, not exceeding in the Whole the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon all Principal Sum and Sums of Money which have been or may be so subscribed and paid or undertaken to be pad by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, as shall be from I itne to Time resolvect and determined by a Majority of the said Trustees at a Meeting to be holden lor that Purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be found inlufficimc frr making and maintaining the said Road, and the erecting and building of the Bridges, Arches, and other Works directed to be made, maintained, erected, and built by virtue of the Powers contained in the said recited Acts passed in the Forty-second. Forty fourth, and Forty-; xth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the Act, but not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Subscribers to the said Roads, from Time to Time to raise and contribute amongst themselves, or by the Aunirtion of new Subscribers in Manner and Form therein directed, and in tuch Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, any further or other Stim of Money which may be necessary, from Time to Time, for completing and perfecting the said Road, Bridges, and other Works and Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds ■, and every Subscriber, towards raising fu< h further or other Sum of Money, shall be liable to such Forfeitures and (land interested in the Monies to aril's and be collected under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, upon or in respect of the said new intended Road, proportionally co the Sum that he. Hie, or they shall subscribe thereunto, and be considered a Subscriber (6 the said Read and other Works as generally and extensively, to all In-fehfs and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum had been Part of the Sum originally subsetibed: Provided always, that the said further Interest or Dividends shall not be paid or payable on or for any' Principal Sum or Sums of Money beyond the Amount of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, nor on or for any Sum or Sums of Money, other than such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been actually subscribed and paid within the Time limited by the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of PI:s present Majesty,- and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been or shall be actually subscribed and paid or undertaken to be paid under or by virtue of this Act, nor on or for any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever which shall, at any

'lime.

F'fNI

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 17 2.

Time, be secured by Mortgage of the Tolls to be collected on the said several and respective Roads.

VIII. Provided always, nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be permitted or allowed to subscri e or comribute towards raising the said additional Sums of Twenty thousand Pounds and Ten thousand Pounds, to be raised by virtue of this Act, ai.v Portions or Sums less than One hundred Pounds each of lawful Money of Great Britain.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for me said Trullees and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to make such Calls for Money from the several and respective Persons who have subscribed, or tnay hereafter fubl'cribe, or undertake to pay any Part or Parts of the said Sums of Twenty thousand Pounds and Ten thousand Pounds, to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of carrying the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds so subscribed or undertaken ro be paid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Two Calendar Months at the lead from each other j and Notice shall be given of all such Calls by Adveriisement in One or more of the London Newspapers, signed by the Clerk to the said Trullees, and affixed on all Turnpike Gates erected or to be ertfted on the said Roads respectively, Twenty Days at the lead previous to the Day appointed for the Payment of such Calls; and the several and respective Persons so subscribing or undertaking to pay any Part or Parts of the said Sums of T wtnty thou-fdjid and Ten thousand Pounds shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportion of he Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Times, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint and dueft; and if any Person or Persons shall neg’eft or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the Money lo called for as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons at the Time and Place appointed by the said Trustees, or within Thirty Days then next ensuing, he, she, or they, so neglecting or Vefufing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds so subscribed or undertaken to be paid by him, her, or them; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for the Payment thereof, then and in every such Case, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid by him, her, or them towards carrying into Execution the several and respective Purposes of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, and all Benefit and Profit arising or to arise from such Payment or Payments respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so forfeited, shall be applied by the said Trustees in carrying the several and respective Purposes for which such Sum and Sums of Money shall have been paid into Execution: Provided always, that no such Forfeiture shall be or be deemed

\_Loc. b3 Per.~\ 39 B to

No Person to subser be left than tool.

Trustees to

makeCallsfor

Money.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

to he incurred, fsve and except personal Notice of such Call or Calls, in Writing signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall have been given to or Notice left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons making such Default as aforesaid, and such Sum or Sums shall also be decLred to be forfeited at the next Meeting of the said Trustees.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That n case any Person or Persons shall refuseor neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, being Part or Parts of the said Sums of Twenty thousand Pounds and Ten thousand Pounds by him, her, or them respectively subscribed or undertaken to be paid for the several and respective Purposes of carrying the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-fecund, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act into Execution, or such Parts or Portions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Trustees, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, Place or Places as shall be directed by the said Trustees, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said I rustees, and they are hereby empowered, in cate they shall think it right and proper, to sue for and recover the fame by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, against any Person or Persons refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any moie than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so subscribing or undertaking to pay any such Sum or Sums of Money, being Part or Parts of the said Sums of I wenty thousand Pounds and 1 en thousand Pounds to be raisetl by virtue of this Act, shall die before such Call or Calls shall be made for the full Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed or undertaken to be paid by him, her, or them, without having made any Provision by Will, or otherwise, how or in what Manner such Sum or Sums, so paid by him, her, or them, shall be disposed of, or how or by what Means the future Calls on the Sum or Sums of Money subscribed or undertaken to be paid by him, her, or them, shall be paid to the said Trustees for the several and respective Purposes of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-foui th, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, then and in every such Case the Executors and Administrators of every such Person so dying, and also the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, shall be indemnified against all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete any such Subscription; and in case any such deceased Subscriber or Subscribtrs shall not have left A.Tets sufficient, or the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Truf-rees acting under and by virtue of the said last-memioned Acts a d this Act, to transfer the Sum or Sums of Money paid by such deceased Sub-feriter or Subscribers into the Name or Names of any other Person or

6 Persons

3i°3

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i; 2.

Persons whomsoever, on Condition that he. she, or they do and shall, on or before such Transfer, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Subftriber or Subscribers, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of, any Lunatic or Lunatics, or to the Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such

deceased Subscriber or Subscribers, by virtue of any Call or Calls

made by the Paid Truste.es, for carrying the several and rel'pedive Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, or otherwise, or such other Sum or Sums of Money, as the Sum or Sums

of Money so paid by such dece-fed Subscriber or Subscribers can be

fold for; and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted on such Conditions as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Sum or Sums of Money shall become forfeited, and shall be disposed of, by the said Trullees, for the several and respective Purposes of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power to fell for the several Persons who have subscribed, or shall hereafter subscribe, ®"'^cr‘P' or who have or shall become entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of the said recited Acts, or subscribed or to be subscribed determined by virtue of this Act, to sell and dispose thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, from and after the Line shall become Stock, by virtue of the said la ft-mentioned Acts and this Act, subject to the Directions and Provisions herein c< ntained; and the Conveyance of every such Sum and Sums of Money shall be in the Form or to the lifted following;

I A.B. of in Consideration of Form ,f

‘ -*■ paid to me by C.D. of do hereby Transfer.

‘ bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C.D. the Sum of

* Capital Stock, secured to me by virtue of Four

‘ several Acts of Parliament, the First made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for making and ‘ maintaining, and for watihing, lighting, and watering a Road from the ‘ West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, ,o communicate vith a Street called ‘ Church Lane, or Church Street, V« hiuthapel; and for making and ‘ maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom to communicate with Queen Street ‘ in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; for opening,

‘ widening, and improving certain Streets and Pipages therein mentioned,

* andfr more effectually amending and keeping in repair a Roadft cm Ratclifie ‘ Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the ‘ Road leading into the County spEffex; and also from the West End c/drook ‘ Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shad well Street into the Back l.ane, in tie said Ciunty oj Middlesex; the Second made in the Forty.

» fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, /in Ad for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the ‘ Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching,

‘ lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India ‘ Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex •, and also of

* feve'al Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County\

* and

35°

No Transfer to be made of any smaller Sum than /’joo. and if attempted to be made the same to be void.

Names of Subscribers to be entered and Certificates given of the Amount of their Stock.

49" GGEORGII III. Cap. 172.

‘ and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a ‘ new Branch to communicate with the fclatt In na Docks; the IhirJ made

* in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intiured,

* An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers or Two Acts, 4 made in the Forty-second and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present

* Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering feirral 4 Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, i i the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Midlesex; and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon

* Street Road, in the said County} and also for making, maintaining, ‘ watching, lighting, and watering a new Branch to communicate w.tb the 4 East India Docks; and the Fourth made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Maj fly, intituled, An Act [loere set forth the Title 4 of this Ad~] to hold to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and 4 Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions and on the fame Conditions that i held the lame immediately before the Execution 4 hereof; and I, the said C. D., do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock, subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, 4 and Conditions: As witness our Hands and Seals, this

4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

< 9

And on every such Sale, the said Deed or Conveyance, being executed by the Seller or Sellers and Purchaser or Purchasers, shall be kept by the Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the C'erk to the said Trustees shall have entered into the Buok or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer or Sale, and have testified cr indorsed the Entry of such Memorial in the said Deed of Transfer or Sale, for which the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Alignment or Transfer shall be permitted to be made, or entered into the Transfer Books of the said T. uftees, of or concerning any smaller Sum or Portion of the said Sums of Twenty thousand Pounds and Ten thousand Pounds to be raised by virtue of this Act than One hundred Pounds thereof; and that any and every such Alignment or Transfer which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter be attempted to be made, and shall happen to be so entered of or concerning any such smaller or less Sum than One hundred Pounds thereof, shall be utterly null and void, any Thing in the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-second, Forty fourth, and F rty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall ard they are hereby required to cauie the Names of the several Persons who shall be entitled to any Share or Shares of the raid Capital Stock of Twenty thousand Pounds and Ten thousand Pounds, together with the Sum or Sums of Money to which they are respectively entitled therein, to be fairly and diltinftly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by t e Clerk to the said Trustees for that Pirp< fe, and (h II also cause a Certificate or Instrument signed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to be delivered to the several Persons who shall be entitled to any Share or Shares of the

49® GGEORGII III. Cep. 172.

the f.iid Capita! Stock of Twenty thousand Pound; and Ten thousand Pounds, together with the Sum or Sums of Money to which they are respectively entitled therein; and for every such Certificate or Instrument the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Trustees; and such Certificate or Inltrument shall be admitted, in all Courts whatsoever, as Evidence of the T itle of the Person or Persons mentioned therein, his, her, or their Executors and Adiriiitit-trator., to the Sum or Sums of Money therein fp-dfied; but the want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder, or prevent the Person or Persons entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Capital Stock from felling or disposing thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of opening and making the said Road, directed to be made by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to treat and agree for the Purchase of all Houses, Buddings, Erections, Tolls, Grounds, Lands. Tenements and Hereditaments fuuate on or along the Line of the said Road, or such or so many of them as the said Trustees shall ag'ee to purchase; and also to treat or agree for the Loss or Damage which the Owners of and Persons interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Erections, Tolls, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall or may any way sustain or be put unto by the opening and making of the said Road; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon for such Purchase or Purchas.s for a Satisfaction for such Loss or Damage, as shall be adjudged or asseffed in the Manner in the said recited Act» described, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to cause all such Houses, Erections, and Buildings whatsoever, or such, or so many, or so much thereof a* they shall deem necessa y to be taken down, and the Ground whereon such Houses, Erections, and Buildings now stand, and the other Grounds, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be laid into the said Road; and that such Parts of the Lands or Grounds as shall be so laid into the said Road shall, when so laid in, be deemed and taken as a public Highway, and used as such for ever afterwards.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said intended Road shall be proposed to be made and cut through any Close or Parcel of Land, and such Close or Land would, by the making of the said Road, be separaced or divided into Two or more Parcels of Land, each or either being of a less Quantity than Two Acres lying together, then and in every such Case, and also in all Cases where the Property of any Person or Persons which may be wanted for the said Road shall be less than Two Acres of Land, or by bting used or taken for the Purposes of this Act would be reduced to a less Quantity of Land than Two Acres lying together, the said Trustees shall and are hereby required (on the Application of the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof) to purchase not only the Part of every such Close or Parcel of Land which shall be-required by the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, but also each such Piece of Land less than Two /teres lying together (except in respect of any such Piece of Land less than Two Acres which shall adjoin to other Land of the fame Owner, and with such other Land would

J'Lee. & Per.~\ 39 C make

35CS

Purchasing Messuages, &c. for Road.

In Cases where the Road shall be cut through any Land, the Trusteet to purchase such Lauds, &c.

£5°6 49® GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

make the Quantity of Two Acres lying together), in like Manner as they the said Trustees are empowered to purchase any other Lands necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and to pay, apply, and dispose of the Purchase Money at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the Purchase Money for that Part of any such Close or Parcel of Land which may be required for making the said Road would by vntue of this Act be payable or applicable.

Trustees tm.

XVII. And whereas by reason of the Purchasfs which the said Tiuftee® powered to are hereby empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by not wanted reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Road directed forthePur- to be made by this Act, they may happen to be seised of some Piece or po%ofthi* Pieces of Ground, and of some Piece or Parcel of eld Road or Roads,

Act, &c. over an(j above what shall be necessary for efftfting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Piece or Pieces of old Road or Roads, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find mod: convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and

purchase the fame: Provided always, that the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of the Land adjoining to that which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road, and the Offer of the Pur,hase of such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be first made to the Person or Persons from whom the same shall have been purcha'ed by virtue of this Act, and in case such Owner or such Person or Persons shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser or Purchasers of such old Road or Piece or Pieces of Grodnd, as the Case may be, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price ro be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner dr. such Person‘ or Persons shall still be desirous of hecomirfg the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, then and ip such Cale the Value thereof shall be iertled and alcer-tainevi Jjy a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in purfance of this Act is directed to be settled and afee rained in and by this Act, ahd- such Owner or fudh Person or Persons shall be deemed the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Va'ue thereof; an t in case such Owner f or fuel) Person or Persons shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand

ipads thereof by the Treasurer or Tr'e'j fit refs, Clerk or Clerks to the said TrusteesVand te.i aer'the Conveyance of such old Rodder such Piece or Pieces of Ground*, as* the Case may be, the fame (half and mar be recovered determined by the said Trustees by Aftfon of Debt In any if His Majesty's Courie r/Record at Westminster \ and in case any fuch1 Owrter or such' Person or Persons Thaft not ag ee, or ffiifl reful’c.to p.ifchate any fucW old Road,- or such Piece of Pieces oft,round, it shall and may be lawful to and f«r ‘any Person or Persons (not ijiferested in she Tremifes) to make an Affidavit' to be sworn before a Miller in the High Court of Chancedryj, pr.before One/ fKpa Majesty's Justices.of the Peiceftor the CouTuty or Place vhere such old*Road or such Piece ‘dr Piec'ft of Cr u id shall he or Be fituhe, dating that such Offer has en made by or on behalf of the said Ti.uflees, and that such Owner or such Fer'ioh or Persons has or have not ap"ted, or has or have refuted to purchase tuch old Road or fufch Piece or Pieces of Ground,‘as the Case may be. and such Affidavits shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficieut Evidence and Proof that such Offer was

■made

3507

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172*

made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner or P( rfon or Persons as aforesaid; provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road or Branch of Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the (irft Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land rclp ftively, in manner aforesaid; provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respective'.y shall be wilting and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Book, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof^ signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries, to HowtiwE*.

be iummonrd and sworn pursuant co the Authority of the said recited Acts prices of the made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, or Forty-sixth Years of the Reign ar(.

of His present Majesty or this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or to t,e |30rnc. Assessment for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or

taken on b< half of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road or such Piece or Pisces of Ground as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Differences, shall be borne and paid by the Treasorer to the said Trustees out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries, so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road or such Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences,

of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County, District, or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby, required to examine and settle the lame), shall and may be deduced out of the Money so a defied and adjudged, as. so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed iand taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Riyment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged: Provided always, that in qll Cases where any Person or Persons shall by seifon of Absence have been prevented from treating, such Costs Anil be borne and-paid by the said Trustees or any 'lhree or more of them in maimer aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said surveTOrs 8ui;ve>oror Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall 2p- may ,foRe point, such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order in Writing for that Bridge, Purpose from the said Trustees, or aqy Three or more of them, to causeway«, make, maintain, and keep in repair such and to many Bridges, Commit. c‘ ideation Arches and Trunks over tire Rivers, Canals, Rivulets, Streams

unA .1 1 of

35C8 4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

of Water, Sewers, and Watercourses that may interfeCl the Course of the said new Road, and also to make causeways in and upon, and to communicate with the said Road, and also by Order in Writii g ot ) hree or more of the said Trustees to build and erect Fence Walls and Railings on the Sides or Banks of any Rivers, Rivulets, Creeks, or Streams of Mater adjoining or contiguous to the said Road and Bridges, and also to make any Ditches in, under, or upon the said Hoad, and in, upon, under, and through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the "Water from off the said Road, not being the Ground whereon any House or Outbuilding (lands, or a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Padd. ck, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any ir.closed Ground planted and let apart as a Nursery for Trees, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of private Grounds respectively for t!>e Damages they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said I rustees or any Three or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages, the Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Damages shall or may be sustained at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next after such Differences shall aril'e, and on Rich Notice to be given as last-mentioned, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damages and the Cods attending the hearing and determining the fame, whose Judgement and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; but that no Satisfaction shall be made for doing and performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Wade Ground, Common, or uncultivated Land.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at their own proper Costs and Charges, under the Direction and Inspection and to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Sewers, or their, Surveyor or Surveyors, to cause all or any Sewers or Drains which shall be and lie in or near the intended Line of the said Road to be filled or dopped up, arched over, widened, or otherwise altered as they shall think necessary for making or completing the said Road, so as they the said 1 rudees, or any Three or more of them, do and shall, previous to their (lopping up the fame, make and build and they aie hereby authorized and required to make and build, in lieu of the said Sewers and Drains so to be filled or (I. pped up, other good Sewers and Drains of sufficient Depth and Width for carrying off the Water from the Lands and Premises adjoining or near to the said Road, and as fervicrable and convenient in all Respects as the Sewers or Drains so to be filled or (lopped up; and all such and so much of the said Sewers and Drains as shall be so made in lieu of the present Sewers that are now under the DirtClion of the Commissioners of Sewers shall, immediately upon their being made, become veiled in, and be and remain under the immediate Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the several D (Iritis through vh ch the said Road shall pass, who shall have and exercise the Powers and Authorities already vested in them as Commissioners upon and over the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, restrain, enlarge, or make void the Powers and Authorities of His Ma-jt(ly% Justices and Commissioners of Sewers for the said D'firiCls through which the said R ad shall pass, and that their Powers and Authorities (halt remain, extend, and be ovtr the W hole of the fame, as they would have been in case this Act had not been made.

Power to arch over, fill up, or alter Sewers or Drains, &c.

ij.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 172. 3509

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any incloset! W«H»u4 Land shall be cut through for the Purposts of this Act, the said Trullees ^'where* shall make or cause to be made proper Walls or Quickset Fences where ,ke Road necessary, as the Case shall require, so as effectually to guard and fence shall be cut off the Lands adjoining the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, t"r°us',r!' and Arches where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining, c 0 e ul1 and fh; 11 keep the Quickset Fences so to be made, in good Order and Repair lor the Term of Three Years from the Time that such Ouickfet Fences shall have been made or planted; or in the Compensation to be made as well to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, the making and so keeping in repair such Fences, Gatrs, and Arches, Dykes or Ditches, as the Gale Hull requite, iha.ll be taken into Consideratioa, and an Allowance made for the lame.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing in Houses and the said recited Acts, made in the Forty second. Forty-fourth, and Forty- buildings not sixth Yeats of the Reign of His present Majesty,or in this Act contained, ^beinjurtd, shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Trullees,

or any Person or PeTons acting by or und.r their Authority, to take,

-use, injure, or damage, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any House or other Building which was trested or built on or before the First Day of January in ti e Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nine, or any Land or Ground, which on the said First Day of January •was let apart and used as and for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, other than and except the several Houses,

Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, Yards, Parks, Paddocks, planted Walks and Avenues herein-afrer mentioned (that is to say), a small Part of a Paddock cr Piece of Land, the Property or in the Occupation of John Warmington\

Part of a Garden and a small EuilJing thereon, the Property of AnneWdson, and in the Occupation of Morris Bailey; Part of a certain other Paddock or Field, the Property and in the Occupation of Elizabeth Worth; Part of a planted Walk or Avenue, Paddock, and Barn-Yard, the Property of William Rake, and in the Occupation of John Whinship; all which said Preiniles are situate, lying, and being in the Parish of WeJlHam, in the said County of Essex; Part of the Yard in front of a House, the Property of the Right Honourable John Lord Henniker, in the Occupation of Robert Gooderham; Part of a Garden, the Property of John Bateman Rojfeter, in the Occupation of William Moore; Part of a Yard in front of a House, the Property and in the Occupation of William Withers; Part of a Garden the Property of Henry Seaborne, in the Occupation of Williamjones; all which laid Pretnifes lalf-mentioned are situate, lying, and being in the Parish of East Ham, in the said County of Essex; Parr of several Paddocks or Private Lands or Grounds, the Property of Alice Keeling, in the Occupation of William Smith; Part of a Garden, the Property of Prior Johnson, in the Occupation of James Crew and Part of an Open Piece of Ground or Avenue, the Property of the said Prior "johnfon, in the Occupation of Henry Taylor; all which said Premtfes iafl-mentioned are situate, lying, a..d being, within the Parish of Barking, in the said County of Essex.

XXIII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said Restraining Road, and the Lands through which the fame is intended to be carried, ^eTfl.ee* together with Books of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of the more

■ [Loc. & Per.J 39 O Owners than Forty

$5TO

from I he Line laid down in the ■Plan.

Misnomer, OmilTlon, or ■wrong Description not to prevent ■ the Execution ■of the Act.

in case of not making out Titles.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, hath been deposited at the Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Mi Idlesex and Essex respectively; be it therefore enacted, That the said Mapor Plan a. d Books of Reference shall remain in the C.ustody of the Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties of Middlesex and Essex, to the End that all Persons may at any reasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the bum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such ■Copies or Extra..s of the said Map or Plan and Books of Keference; and that the Lid Trustees in making, widening, diverting, shortening, varying, turning, or altering the said Road shall not deviate more than Forty Feet from the Line described in such Map or Plan without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made; such Consent to be kept in the Office of the Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties of Middlesex or Fssex respectively.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments situate, lying, and being within the Line or Lines of Road to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of the Persons in whose Possession or Occupation the fame or any Part thereof are, or is Rated or delicribed to be, shall happen to be misnamed, omitted, or inaccurately described in this Act, or in the said Book or Books of Reference deposited with the Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties of Middlesex and Essex respectively, such Misnomer, Omission, or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, but every Part thereof shall and may be purchased and fold, or assessed and valued by a Jury, and conveyed, disposed of, and applied fol and to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame were more properly named and described in this Act, in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Jury summoned to assess what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to the Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested for or on account of the caking of such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments respectively, that such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments respectively were intended to be made use of for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, or eiiher of them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Foriy-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any gf them, or of this Act, shall rtfufe to accept the fame, or shall not be able to nuke a good Tit e to the Prcinifes to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered; then and in ewy such

Cafe

S5ir

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

'Cafe it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or ‘more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said ■Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery,

■which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary "Wav of Proceeding or otheTwife, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in she Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable* and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any jn case of ■Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money disputed to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity Titles, of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poireftion of such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such P ifieffton, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to b- purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities to >e purchased with such Money,shall be paid, applied, anddisposedof accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Perform was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Efface or Interest therein.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of The Court of any Difateriity or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation en- orderTlie Ex^ titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under pence of Pur-the Authority f the said recited Acts made in the Forty-fecorid, Forty- chafe* tobr fourth,*and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Pa, J-

- 10 of

Trailers may erect Gates on the Road tobe madebyvittuc of this Act.

Tolls to be taken on the Road to be made by virtue of this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. T72.

of them, or of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be pa'J into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, 1 enements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, oi any of them, or of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and (or the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of a 1 PorchafVs from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of such Acts or of this Act, ®. so much of the said Expences as the said Cnutt shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Tiultees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of tuch Acts or of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to erect, or cause to be erected, such and so many Gates or Turnpikes upon or across such Part or Parts of the said Road to be made and repaired by virtue of this Act, leading from and out of the said East India Dock Road to the Town of Barking, in the County of Essex, and over or near the Sides thereof respectively, through, in, near unto, or across any Lanes or V\avs leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame; and also to erect, or cause to be erected, such and so many Toll Houses as they shall think proper, and shall and may purchase and take Land sufficient for any such Toll Hoi^e or Toll Houses with the necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time to remove, alter, or discontinue the Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall judge meet and convenient.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the respective Tolls following, and no more, at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the said Road leading from and out of the said East India Dock Road to the Town of Barking atortsaid, once in every Day from all and every Person and Persons passing with or attending any Cattle or Carriage, and also so often in any one Day as any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage shall pass laden, and so often in any one Day as any Coach, Chaise, or other 1 ke Carriage travelling for Hire shah pass, before any Horse or Horses, Beall or Bealls, Cattle, or Carriages shall be permitted to pass through the fame, (that is to say ;)

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vif-a-vi', Chariot, Chaise, and Pleasure Carriage, and for every Hearse, Litter, or such other Carriage having Four or Three Wheels, drawn by Six Horses or Beads of Di aught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and dra wn by Three or Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling, and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence, and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Two-wheel Chaise or Chair, drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum o"f Nine-pence, and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpences

For

I

3 513

49* GEORGII' III. Cap. 172.

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheel Carriage laden with Hay pr Straw, or having Wheels the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, being Horizontal on the Surface of the Tire and rolling an even Surface, d awn by Five or mote Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shilling?, and drawn by Three or Four Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum ot One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of IT aught the Sum of One Shilling, and drawn by One Horse or Beall of Draught the Sum of Nine-pmce:

For every Waggon, Wain, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage (not being laden with Hay or Straw), with Whells of less Breadth than Six Inches afc aforesaid or rolling a Surface not Horizontal, and drawn by Three or Four Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings, and drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by One Horse or Beall of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Cart or such other Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid or upwards, and drawn by Three or more Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling, and drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine-Pence, and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Cart or such other Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of ltfs than Six Inches Breadth as aforesaid, drawn by three Horles or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling, and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse, Mure, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum or Three Halfpence:

For evny Drove of Oxen or neat Cattle the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler Number:

For every Drove of Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Number.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such several and respective pow?rtoeoi. Tolls, by this Act given and granted, shall and may be reduced, raised, kaTolli, Sco levied, and c< lleded by such and the like Ways and Means as the several and respective Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-feco d, Fcrty-fourth, and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, may be raised, levied and collected, and such and the like Exemptions from the several and respective Tolls to be demanded and taken by virtue of the said last-mentioned Acts. shall extend and be construed to extend to the several and respective Tolls to be demanded and taken by virtue of this Act; and such Tolls, when so raised, levied, and collected, shall be applied for the several Purposes of carrying the several Powers of the said last-mentioned Acts and of this Act into execution: Provided nevertheless, that no Turnpike Gate or Gates shall be erected upon, across, or on thtf Sides or Side of the present Roads, nor any Tolls or Toll taken for passing along or across the present Roads, Lanes, or Ways within the several Parishes in the County of Essex, nor shall any Obstrudion be made to prevent the said Roads,

Lanes, and Ways from being passable as they now are.

• Sl [Lac. Ss* Per.} 39 E

35*4

Stage

Coaches to be deemed Carriages travelling for Hire.

No Toll to be taken for Carriages laden with Ordnance, Barrack Stores, &c.

Owners or Drivers of Waggons employed in the Service of His Majesty's Forces not to be subject to Penalties for Overweight, &c.

Payment of

Tollson Road to be made by this Act, not to be an Exemption from Payment of Toll on Commercial Road, or Half India Dock Branch of Road made by virtue of recited Acts 42 G. 3. and 44 G.3. and vice versa.

49® GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Coaches or Carriages, commonly called Stages or Stage Coaches, which shall pass along any of the Roads directed to be made and maintained under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, shall be and be deemed and taken to be, for the Purposes of this Act Carriages travelling for Hire, and the same are hereby declared to be liable as such to the several Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied and collected in respect thereof under and by virtue of the said last-mentioned Acts and of this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll. or Tolls shall be demanded or taken by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act, for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Tutnpke Roads, or in the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to exempt any Person or Persons who shall have paid any Toll or Tolls for or in respect of any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-vis, Chariot, Chaise, Pleasure Carriage, Hearse, Litter, or such other Carriage, or for or in respect of any Two-wheeled Chaise or Chair, or for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage, or for or in respect of any Cart or such other Two-wheeled Carriage, or for or in respect of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, or for in respect of any Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on such Part of the Roads directed be be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Fcxty-ieccnd, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, from the Payment of another Toll or Tolls in respect thereof respectively, at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on any Part of the Road directed 10 be made and maintained

3515

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

tained by virtue of this Act; and nothing in the said recited Acts or in ihis Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to exempt any Person or Persons who shall have paid any Toll or Tolls for or in respect of any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-vis, Chariot, Chaise,

Pleasure Carriage, Hearse, Litter, or such other Carriage, or for or in respect of any Two-wheeled Chaise or Chair, or for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage, or for or in respect of any Cart or other Two-wheeled Carriage, or for or in respect of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, or for or in respect of any Drove of Oxen, Neat Cattle, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Road directed to be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, from the Payment of another Toll in respect thereof at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on such Part of the said Road directed to be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them. ,

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person Personi or Persons passing with or attending any Horse or Horses, Bead or Bealls,

or any Carriage of whatsoever Nature or Description, shall in respect thereof respectively have paid the Toll or Tolls to be demanded and taken empted from by virtue of this Act, at any Gate erected on the said Road leading from any further and out of the said East India Dock Road to the Town of Barking afore- Payment of said; then and in every such Case no further or other Toll or Tolls shall other Gateon be demanded and taken from such Person or Persons for or in respect o( the said Road such Horse or Horses, Beall or Bealls, or Carriage as aforesaid, for to Barking, passing through any other Gate or Gates erected, or to be erected, on the said Road leading from and out of the said East India Dock Road to the Town of Barking aforesaid on the same Day.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls hereby For the Ap-

granted and to be from Time to Time collected and received by virtue of plication of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty- Monies sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, on the 1 e

said Road leading from and out of the said East India Dock Road to the Earking. Town of Barking aforesaid, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money

which may be from Time to Time received thereon, or subscribed or borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall by the said Trustees be applied and disposed of in the first Place in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences herein directed to be paid out of such Tolls and Sum and Sums of Money incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and then in defraying the Charges and Expences of making, repairing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, paving, and watering the said last-mentioned Road, and in paying the several Sums of Money subscribed or borrowed by virtue of this Act on the Credit of the Tolls collected or received on the said Road and the Intered thereof, and in carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution so far as the fame relate to the said Road and the Bridges and other Works relating thereto, and to and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoeverj; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to keep or cause to be kept separate and dillinft Accounts of all such Sum And Sums of Money so received by them, and of the Applications thereof.

V ' XXXVII. And

49° GEORGlt III. Cafi.iy2.

TCXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Crtlleftors of the Tolls, at the several Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be greeted on the Road directed to be made and repaired by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall and they are hereby required to deliver a Ticket gratis to the Person or Persons paying any Toll or Tolls ar such respectlive Gates or Turnpikes, such Ticket denoting Payment of such Tolls respectively.

Bridge to be

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful RirerLe*1 * t*le Trustees and they are hereby authorized and empowered by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, by their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and others, to erect and build a Bridge acmfs or over the said River Lea, at or near the North Ealt Corner of the said East India Docks, from its Western Bank or Shore thereof in the Parish of Saint Leonard B>omlcy, otherwise Bromley Saint Leonard, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Weft Ham, in the County oiEffex, in such Situation as by the said Trustees shall be thought most advisable, and to dig and make proper Foundations in the said River, and on the Lands and Grounds lying and being on each Side thereof, for the Piers and Abutments of the said Bridge, and to cut and level the Banks of the said River in such Manner as they shall think necessary lor building the said Bridge, and to cut, remove, take and carry away all Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or any other Impediment whatibever which may in anywise hinder the erecting and completing of the said Bridge, and to turn, widen, alter, or enlarge any and every present publick Foot, Bridle, or Horse Road or Roads, or Way or Ways, or Highway or Highways leading or which mav lead to the said Bridge, within the Distance of Three Hundred Yards therefrom, and to make all such new or other Roads or Ways to and from the said Bridge as the said Trustees may think proper to facilitate the Approaches to the lame, and to do, perform, and execute all such other Matters and Things as the said Trustees shall think requisite and necessary, ufefu!, or convenient for erecting and building, maintaining, and supporting the said intended Bridge or the Approaches thereto, and the Passage over and under the fame, and to land on either Side of the said River Lea, within the Distance of Fifty Yards of the Scite or intended Scite of the said Bridge, all Materials and other Things to be used in and about the said Bridge, Roads, and Ways, and there to work and use the fame; they the said Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction to the respective Owners and Occupiers of all fu- h Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditament* as shall be taken or made use of for the said Purposes, or any of them.

3C16

Toll Collectors to issue Tickets.

Bridge to contain an Arch or Arches.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge and the Piers and Abutments thereof shall be built and made with such Material* as the said Trustees shall think proper and requisite, and the said Bridge shall consist of one or more Arch or Arches, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and the Space thereunder for the Passage of Vessels, Barges, or Boats shall be of the Width of Forty-five Feet at the least, so that the Navigation of the said River may be prejudiced or obstructed as little as possible, for such Vessels, Barges, or Boats as do now ufially navigate the fame; and that the Road or way over and along the said bridge shall be at least Twenty Feet Wide in the clear, and that no House or Building shall be set up, erected, or built upon the said Bridge, except such Toll

Hous#

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

H'jufe or Toll Houses, Toll Bars, or Toll Gates as the said Truste es shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge and Road directed to be made by this Act, and the Toll House or Toll HouLs and all other Buildings, Stairs, or Conveniences to be erected thereon or thereto, and all the Ascents or Approaches to the said Bridge, and all Materials which shall from Time to Time be gotten or provided for trefting, building, making, maintaining, and repairing the fame, and all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to to be purchased by the said Trustees, thall at all Tunes be vested in the said Trustees, their Successors, or Assigns; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring any Action or Actions, and to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall cut, damage, deface, or injure, or cauie to be cur, damaged, defaced, or injured the fame, or any of them or any Part of the fame, or who shall injure or destroy the said Bridge, Houses, Roads, and other Works hereby authorized to be done and performed whilll doing, or impede the doing there-of, 01 who shall steal, purloin, or wrongfully take away Stones, Lead, Iron, Wood, Bricks, Gravel, or other Materials, Machines, Engines, or Utensils, provided or to be provided from Time to Time, or uted or intended to be used for the said Bridge, Houses, Roads, or other the Purposes of this Act, or which shall belong to the said Trustees.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner or Owners of every Barge, Boat, Ship, or Velfsl which shall pass upon the said River, under and through the said Badge, shall be and is hereby made answerable, responsible, and liable to make Satisfaction to the said Trustees, for any Damage or Injury that shall cr may be done to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, by any such Barge, Boat, Ship, or Vessel respectively, through the Negligence or wilful Default of the Person or Persons navigating the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Bridge shall be eretted and built, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, to cause to be deman ed, receivt d, or taken, for Pontage, as or in the Name of a Toll from every Foot Passenger, and from every Person riding or being in or upon any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or such like Carriage, except the Driver and on oth- r Person attending the fame, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of One Penny each, winch said Toll shall be demanded and taken every Time such Person or Persons shall pass along and over the said intended Bridge, before any P.tfTage over the said intended Bridge shall be permitted, and shall and may be reduced, raised, levied, and collected by any Article or Goods of any Person liable to pay the fame and by such and the like Ways and Means as he several and respective Tolls granted by the said recited Acts may be raised, levied, and collected; and such Tolls when lo raLed, levied, and collected, shall be applied for the several Purposes of carrying the several Powers of this Act into Ex.cution.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forcibly pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected at or upon the said Bridge, without first paying Toll for the fame, or having passed through tht* fame without having paid the fame, shall on Demand thereof [ hoc. y Ar.] 29 F refuse

t

3 517

Bridge vested in the said Truilecs.

Matters arid Owners of Vessels liable for Damage done to the Btidge.

Bridge Toll,

Penalty on

evading

Tolls.

35i 8

Penalty on convey ng Persons, &c. over the River Lea for Hire.

When Bridge impassable, a Ferry to be provided by the 1 rustees.

Penalty on Personi wilfully damaging the Bridge.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

refuse such Payment, or shall get, or take any other Person or Person into or upon any Carriage whatever, or upon any Horse or other Cattle, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall give to or receive from any Person, other than the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, any Note or Ticket to be given by any of the said Collectors or Toll Gatherers, or shall forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, or make use of any such forged or counterfeited Ticket, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, whereof one Moiety shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the said Trustees.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Bridge shall be completed, if any Person shall for Hire or Recompence, or with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, convey any Person, Carriage, Horse, Bead or other Cattle, or any Goods, Article, or Thing across the said River Lea, within the Distance of Three hundred Yards of the said Bridge, otherwise than over the said Bridge, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Trustees.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Bridge shall at any Time become impassable or unsafe for Travellers or Carriages, the said Trustees shall and are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith rebuilt or repaired, and made safe and commodious for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages; and in the mean Time and until the said Bridge shall be so rebuilt or repaired, and made safe and commodious, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby required, during all such Time as the said Bridge shall be impassable or unsafe as aforesaid, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages over the said River, as near to the said Bridge as conveniently may be; and it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as the said Trustees (halt appoint for the Purpose, to demand, collect, and receive for the Passage of such Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages in and ever the said Ferry, before they respectively shall be permitted to pass, the like Toll as is hereby authorized to be taken for p stir g over the said Bridge, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and which Toll shall and may be recovered determined by fjch Ways and Means as the Tolls for passing through any Gate or Gates to be ertfted by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act can or may be recovered.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall willfully and malici<Hifly pull down and destroy the said Bridge, or any other Bridge to bevtcftd by virtue of this Act, or any Part ihereof respectively, or any Toll Ho irft or Polls, Rails, or Fences to be erected by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Persons shall be tried shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment

such

3519

49‘ GEORG II III. Cap. 172.

such Court may if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cales of Petty Larceny.

XLVII. And whereas there is a private Bridle Road leading from Wall End, in the said Parish of East Ham, to and over Three fevt-ral Bridges adjoining to Barking Mills, and the several Persons through whose Lands the said Road passes, and the several Persons who repair the said Road and the Bridges thereon, receive Toll for Horses and other Cattle passing along such Road: And whereas, alter the making of that Part of the said intended Road and Communication Bridges from Wall End aforesaid to the Town of Bar! ng by virtue of this Act, the said Bridle and Drift Road will become meld's; be it therefore enacted, That Compensation for such Tolls shall be made to the several Persons respectively inteielled therein out of the Monies to be raised, received, or collected by virtue of this Act, such Compensation to be agreed upon or adjudged and affeflea in Manner by this Act directed in regard to Lands to be taken by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, for making the said intended Road, and to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame, or into the Bank of England (as the Case may be), before that Part of the said intended Road between Wall End aforesaid and Barking shall be begun to be made; and the said Trustees, from and after they shall begin to make that Part of the said intended Read between Wall End aforesaid and Barking, shall maintain and repair the said Drift and Bridle Road and a Bridge called Hand Trough Bridge, and also the said Three Bridges adjoining to the said Mills, until such Part of the said intended Road from Wall End aforesaid to Harking and the necessary Communication Bridges shall by virtue of this Act be completed; and when and so soon as such Part of the said intended Road and Communication Bridges shall be completed, the said Trustees shall no longer be obliged to maintiin and repair the said Bridle and Drift Road, or the said Bridge called Hand Trough Bridge, or the said Three Bridges adjoining to the said Mills; and so soon as the said Trustees shall have made such Compensation for the said Tolls, the said Tolis shall vest in the said Trustees till the Completion of the said new intended Road, and shall from thenceforth ceale and determine; and from and after that Part of the said intended Road between Wall End and Barking and the necessary Communication Bridges shall be completed, the said Bridle and Drift Road shall be no longer used as such; and the Person or Persons now liable to repair the said Bridge called Hand Trough Bridge, shall be at Liberty 'o take down the fame for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit; and from and after the taking down of the fame Bridge the Lands over which such Bridle and Drift Road has heretofore passed shall remain in the Occupation and Possession of the present Occupiers and Possessors as they now are, and exonerated from such Bridle and Drifc Road over the same.

XLVIII. And whereas the said new intended Road will pass to, along, through, and over certain Paddocks or private Lands or Grounds the Property of Alice Keeling, in the Occupation of William Smith, called The Abbey Lands, situate between the River Roding and the Town of Barking aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and they are hereby required, before the making of the said Road aloDg, through, or over any Parc of such Pad-, docks

Trustees to make Compensation for Tolls on a certain Bridle or Drift Road leading from Wall End to BarkingMiils.

ForercGinga Wall again tt private Lauda of Mr. Smith, and for preventing Trustees from digging Gravel therefrom, and from ereftinj

3520

Toll Gates on Road through such private Lands.

For faring the Rights of the City of London.

For saying the Rights of t it Lords of tile Manors of Fad Ham Hall, n re inly y, Welt Ham, &c. in Essex.

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

docks or private Lands or Grounds, to erect and set up a good and fuf-

ficient Brick Wall or Brink Fence on the South Side of the said Hoad, so far as the said Road shall inctrl’eft such private Lands or Grounds, and which laid Wall shall be at least Seven Feet in Height above the Surface of the said Road when completed; and that the said Trustees shall not from and alttr the passing of this Act dig, take, or carry away from or out of any Lands or Grounds of the said Alice Keeling, now in the Occupation of the said William Smith, situate between the said River Reding and the said Town of Barking, any Gravel, Sand or other Materials for the making or maintaining of the said Road without the Consent of the Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds respectively; and that the said Trustees in making,' widening, diverting, lliortening, varying, turning, or altering such lLrt ^of the said Road as will pass along, through, or over such Lands and Grounds, shall not deviate more than Three Feet from the Line described in the Map or Plan in this Act mentioned, describii.g the Line of the said Road, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of such Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers respectively; and that, without such Consent and Approbation as last aforesaid, the said Trustees shall not erect or cause to be erected any Gate or Turnpike upon or across such Part of the said Road as shall be made between the said River Roding and the Town of Barking aforesaid, any thing in this Act or in the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be confirued to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Intertfts, Privileges, Franchises or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London or their Successors, or the L ord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which at the Time of making this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being or Conservator of the River Thames did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise; nor to authorize or empower the said Trustees, their Workmen or Servants, or any of them to embank, encroach upon or interfere with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the said R.’ver or the Banks or Shores thereof, without the Licence and Consent of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens ft ft had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be con:irued to extend to lelfen, prejudice, take away, or defeat any Right, Title, or interest of the Right honourable John Lord Henniker, claiming to be the Lord of the Manor of East Ham Hall, in the said County of EJex, or of George Johnjione Esquire, and James Humphreys Esquire, claiming to be the Lords of the Manors of Bromley Saint Leonard and Wtji Ham aforesaid, or the Lord or Lords of any other Manor or Manors through which the said intended Road will pass or their or any of their several Tenants of the fame Manors or any of them respectively, but that the said Join Lord Henniker, George John-

6 stone,

3521

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

stone, and James Humphreys, and others th Lords or Lord of the fame fevvfdl Mam rs and every of them, for the 'J une being, shall and may f 1 e er hereafter hold and enjoy all Waites, Waste Grounds, Fisheries, Sttearns, Rights of Soil in the lame, and in all Highways, Roads, Paths, and other public Phces, and other Privileges and Franchises whatsoever appertaining or incident to such several Manors or any of them, or lawfully granted with the fame or any of them, or with any Part thereof rel| eflively; and that all Tenants of the fame Manors and every of them shall and may hold and enjoy all Rights and Privileges to them or any of them respectively belonging in as ample and beneficial Mainer, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made; provided that nothing in this Provision contained shall be con* firued to hinder or prevent the said Trustees from executing the Authorities given by this Act for the Purpose of carrying the fame into Execution.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Exchanges of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be Copyhold, or of the Nature of Copyhold, shall be executed and completed by Surrender thereof or otherwise in the respective Courts of the Manors whereof such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be held, according to the Custom of the said Manors respectively; and such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall no longer remain and continue subject to any Fines, Rents, and Services, but shall be considered as enfranchised by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the respective Manors whereof such respective Copyhold Hereditaments shall be holden; and such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies shall be respectively paid for his, her, or their Estate and Interest in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, out of the Monies to be raised, received, or collected by virtue of this Act, such Compensation as if such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, had regularly enfranchised such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, such Compensation to be agreed upon between the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or adjudged or assessed in like Manner as the Value of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be taken for the Purposes of the said intended Road is, by the said recited Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His prel’ent Majesty, and by this Act, directed to be adjudged or assessed.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll or Tolls shall be demanded or taken, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, of or from Robert Woodwell, John Satchell, and William Dalgleish, or either of them, or of or from the Owners or Tenants for the Time being of Three certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages, or Tenements situate and being in front of the Comme dal Road, near to. a certain former old Road or Lane, called Rose Lane, in the Parish of Saint Anne, in the County of Middlesex aforesaid, or the Tenants or Occupiers of the Land there belonging to Francis Wilson, and now in the Occupation of the said Robert Woodwell, John Satchell, and William Dalgleish, for or on account of his, her, or their or any or either of their Horses, Cattle, Carts, or Carriages respectively, or [Lu. (o' Per. j 39 G those

All Contrails for Copyhold Estates shall be executed in the Courts of the Manor whereof such Land shall be held,

Exemptions from Payment of Toll on Commercial Road in favour of the Owners and Tenants of certain Premises near Salmon's Lane in the Parish of Saint Anne, Middlesex.

35ai

Paving Toll

on Ball India Dock Branch of Road.

Cods of this A (k how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

4* GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

those of any other Person or Persons bringing or carrying any Goods or Merchandize to or In, in the said Premtfes respectively, directly along, into, and thtough Salmon s Lane, in the Parish of Saint Anne

aforesaid.

LIII. And whereas it is in and determined by the said recited Act made in the Foity-loerth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty declared, that from and after the Djy that the said Branch of Road leading from and out of tlte said Commercial Hoad, at or near the North-east Corner of Limehoujt Churchyaid, to communicate with the Eojt India Docks, should be paved (fecit Paving not being less in Width than Twenty Feet) and fit for the Paliage of Cariiages, it should and might be lawful to and for the said Truiiees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, for and on account of every Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, and for and on account of every Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, passing laden along the faiu Branch of Road leading from and out of the said Commercial Load, at or near the North-east Corner of

I.imehouse Churchyard, to communicate with the East India Docks, Half the Toll or Sum in addition to the Toll or Sum that might otherwise be demanded and taken for and on account thereof respectively, by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in case such last-mentioned Branch of Road had not been paved according to the Directions of that Act; and whereas the said Branch of Road has been paved for the Space of Ten Feet in Width, and inch Paving has been made at a considerable Expence, and has been found sufficient for the Accommodation of the Public, and the said Branch of Read cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair without the Aid pt the said additional or paving Toll; be it therefore enacted, That it Ilia 1 and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from and after the p lEilg of this Act, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, for and on account of every Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, and for «nd on account of every Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, passing laden along the fai- Branch of Road leading from and out of the said Commercial Road, at or near the North-east Corner of Lmtbou c Churchyard, to communicate with the East India Docks aforesaid, HaLt the Toll or Sum in addition to the Toll or Sum chat might otherwise be demanded and taken for and on account thereof respectively, by virtue of tile laid recited Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His pr sent Majesty, in case such last-mentioned Branch of Road had not been paved according to the Directions of that Act, any thing herein contained tc> the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expects incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustee>, out of the Monies to be collected and received by virtue of this Act, in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

LV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and be deemed to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 172.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take pkce trom and after the passing thereof, and shall, together with the said recitid Acts made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fixih Yeats of the Reign of His present Majesty, continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan» Printer* to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

3523

Commencement and Continuance of this Act and Acts of the 2d, 44th, and 40th of his present Ma-

•So:.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 173.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford\ in the County of Kent. [ 15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act 6 3-c>98-

for rrpairi g and widening fevered Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An /lit 28 G. 3. C. 84. for continuing the Term and varying the Rowers of an Ail of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the lame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the 'l olls granted and continued by the said Acts, which Money (till remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly amendtd, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Acts be further continued, and fonte of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is expedient that the Tolls granted determined by the said first recited Act should be increased: May it therefore phase Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the [Uc. & Per.'] 32 II King’s

3526

Acts farther continued.

Additional TuiitccSj See.

Additional Trustees.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 173.

King's mo ft Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of thr Lons S, iritual and lunpc.r 1, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Pro villous, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Chuses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also except so ihuch and such Part or Parts thereof as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpol’es as if the fame weie repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act. bur subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which Stall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term, ant! the Tolls hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due ami owing on the Credit or on account of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Persons in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Kent, arid redding within the Wef-tern Division of the said County, and being qualified to act as Trustees in pursuance of the Directions of the said first recited Act, shall, together with the several Persons herein-alter named, be Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, whether such Persons in the Commission of the Peace shall have taken out their Dedimus Potcjlaum to, or Hull act as Justices of the Peace for the said County or not.

III. And be it further enacted, That Sir John Dixon Dyke, Sir Edward

Knatchbull, Sir William Geary, Sir John Gregory Shaw, Sir Henry Hawley, Sir Walter Stirling, Baronets; Francis Motley Aujlen, Francis Lucius Aujlen, Esquires; John Avjlen Clerk, Joseph Berens, John Banijler, John Ken-ward Shaw Brooke Clerk, James Chapman, Christopher Chapman, James Chapman the younger, Thomas Chapman, Thomas Caldecot, William Colyer of Grecnhithe, Henry Cox, John Currey Clerk, Thomas Dyke, Percival Hart Dyke, George Hart Dyke, Alexander Evelyn, William Everejl, Hujfey Fleet, Charles Hujfey Fleet, William Fleet, Thomas Fuller, Philip Firming Robert Fount ire Clerk, George Grote, Benjamin Harenc, Thomas Heath-cole Clerk, John Jones, Robert Jenner, John Kemble Clerk, Multon Lam-bard, Thomas L amba d Clerk, Richard Leigh, Richard Leigh the younger Clerk, Thorns Latham, William Mumford, John Mumford, Charles Milner, Francis Markcit, the Honourable and Reverend Jacob Marsham Doctor in Divinity, William Van Milaert Clerk, Peter Nouaille, George Polhill, AI x aider Pitcairn, David Pitcairn, David Powell, John Clarke Powell, William Pecte, Edward Rowings, Peter Rajhleigh Clerk, John Saunters, John Taper, Heneage Tuyfdtn, Robert Talbot, James Winfon, Richard Wilks, William Henry Welley, John Wall Clerk, and Heathcste tPyrdham, Clerk, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Diredi ns of the said first recited Act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be the Trustees for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 173. 35 *1

IV. And whereas the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited A Si have been found insufficient for the Purpose of effectually repairing ami improving the said Roads, be it therefore enacted, That from ^nd after the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, the Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, shall, as to the Particulars and Amount thereof respectively be, and are hereby repealed; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls and Duties shall be payable and paid before any C image, or any Beast or Cattle whatsoever shall be permitted to pass through any of the Gates erected, or to be erected on the said Roads; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calaih, Caravan, Tolls. Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four or more Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two or more Horses or other Cattle, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Beall, the Sum tf Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Half-penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any Id's Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence Half-penny per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and the Money so to be raised shall be and is hereby vested in the Trullees appointed in or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, and this Act, and the fame and every Part thereof, shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned, for repairing the Road aforesaid, and to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes mentioned and let forth in the said recited Acts and this Act; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, or any Part or Barts thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by the fame Ways and Means, and in such Manner and subject to the same Rules and Regulations as the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts can or may be levied and recovered; and all Persons evading or attempting to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls herein-before authorized to be taken, or any Part of the said Tolls, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties, Foifeirures, and Punish-ments as are directed to be inflicted on Persons evading or attempting to evade the Toils authorized to be taken by virtue of the said recited i\fts,or'eitherof them.

V. Provided always, That no Lcffee of the Tolls payable at the passing jj0 Le(yee of of this Act as afore!, id, whose Term of Yeats therein shall not then have the Tolls expired, shall take or have the Benefit of the additional Tolls hereby grafted by granted, curing the Continuance of such Term, but the Toll hereby au- ASuThare thorized to be taken over and beyond the former Tolls demised to such any Benefit Ltffee shall vefl in the said Trustees as aforesaid, and shall be by them from the adapted to the Purposes of this and the said recited Acts. dition-1 Toll

8

3528

Exemptions from Tolls.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 173.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be charged with* or compellable to pay any of the Tolls made payable by this Act, for any Ilorfe or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, which shall be going unladen for, or shall be then used only in conveying or returning unladen or empty, ader having been employed only in conveying Stone, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing of any public Road or Highway in any Parish or Place in which the said Roads do lie, or for any Horse or other Bead not drawing, which shall be going unladen foF, or shall be then used only in carrying or returning unladen after having been employed only in carrying any such Stone, Gravel, or other Materials, for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any Carriage, Horse, or Cattle, going for the Purposes of or returning from ploughing, tilling, or sowing any Land or Ground, or which shall be used or employed only in the Carriage of, or going empty or unladen so*, or returning empty or unladen after having been employed only in carrying or drawing any Hay ■unfold and not for Sale, Straw or Corn in the Straw, or any undried Hops for the Purpose of being dried or cured, cr for any Carriage or Cattle going or passing with any Plough, Harrow, or any such Implement of Husbandry, or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Marl, Dung, Mould, Cotnpod, or Manure of any K nd whatsoever, to be employed in Husban-dry or for manuring or (locking of Land, but for no other Purpose; or for any Horser going to be or rturning from being (hoed or farried, or for any Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Wor-(bip, tolerated by Lawr, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine S-rvice is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person wfo (had die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Min.fteriai Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prtffcs under the Authority of His Majesty's Polt-master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Express, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers or Volunteers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriages attending them laden with their Anns or Baggage, or for any Horses, C tile, cr Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying any Tick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or for .;ny Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commiflariar, or other publick So.es, of or belonging to H s Majesty, or for the Use of His Map fly’s Forces, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed lor and on the Days of Exercise; provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutremen's, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respt ftivtly, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid, or for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrams sent by legal Palies, or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot,

Calalh,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 173. 3529

Calash, Cha>fe, or other Carriage, or the Horses or Cattle drawing them, or any Person on Horseback going to or returning from any Eledi'n of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Kent, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and it any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted (not being entitled to the fame), every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, which shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or Owners or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, pro- Driver* of vided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ord- Watrgen* nance, Barrack, or Commissar'at, or other publick Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall he sub- StoresToi jed to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such subject to Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be Hopped or detained by reason J^naltief fcr of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or vcrm,g*t-of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Num’ er of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier for the Time being of the Farm House called The Warren House, belonging to George Polhill F.squire, situate near the Gates or Turnpikes at Otford, called The Warren House Gate and Warren House Bar, shall not be subject or liable to pay any Toll at the said Gate or Bar for passing through the fame with his, her, or their Cattle or Carriages.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who foils to shall have paid the Tolls by this Act granted for the passing of any Cattle paid but or Carriage through anyone Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected once a Day, between the Town of Dartford and the town of Farr.ingham, shall on the same Day be subject to the Payment of any further Toll for the Passage of the fame Cattle or Carriage through any other Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected between the said Town of Dartford and the said Town of Farningham, the Person or Persons having paid such Toll producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis upon Receipt of the Toll.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall drive any such Waggon or other Carriage down any Hill upon the said Roads with One or more of the Wheels of such Waggon or Carriage IkidJedor fastened, and without a Skid-pan to each of the Wheels so fkidded or fastened, to keep them from injuring or da-maging the said Roads, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not. exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied ia Manner by the said first recited Act directed.

[Lee. Ss* Fer.] 39 I

353° 499 GEORGII HI. Cap. 173.

For regulat- XI, And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are hr

Statui* ^'a*l be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards

Labour. repairing and amending the said Roads, cr any Parts thereof, shall ft ill

remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, ana they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees or their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Starutf Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or ds a Composition for ■such Statute work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it {hi 1 pe lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor df' Surveyors of the Highways for such Parish or Place, to bring in Xjfts Before such Justices at ioine Place to be expressed in such Summons (withfin Ten Days after the Service df such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Mopp-y in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Reliridtions as are or may be directedby any Law or Statute in force for the Repairs of the publick Highways j and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Pans of the said Roads as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Lime order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as they the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Tune or Limes as the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and maybe recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts or either of them, authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute ■Work as aforesaid, afttr h-otice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, 'Learn or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Bealts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Pulon or Persons tnay be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair oh the publick. Highways > and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer,

353T

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 173.

bourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or ret'used to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor ot Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Par Ihes or Places, shall relufe oi neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly ot wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor foi*offending shall for every such OfTence forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase ofanv Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchatad, taken, or uled by virtue of the Powers of the said Aces or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truf-tet for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cjiui que Trust, or to any Perlcn whole Lands; Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Dil'ability or Incapacity 'whatsoever, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Ba k of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affiding other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid' Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of makuig such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking. ESed; and in the mean Time and until Inch Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invetltd by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, ®r Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordtred by the said Court to be

fold

Application of Com pen fa-tion Money exceeding 200I.

353 2

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 173.

fold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to lime be pa'd by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time bring have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in case such Settlement or Purthale were made.

Application of Cumpenfi-tion where under 200I.

•M.f' m3

Jill j ■>' T

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Corporation, under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Case> the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Aacountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be app'ied in Manner hetein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons muk-such Option, and approved of by Seven of the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends irifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein before Jireded, so far as the fame be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dtredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

(Jl. v '•r* 1

Application'

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such of Compenfar Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be tion Money iefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be fraeist'iier applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Tims »ol. S15 being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guar Jans, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not m k'ng 1 ut T1.its 01 if Person cannot he found. Pm chafe Muncy to be paid into the Bank, lubjilt to tin Uider of the oourt ef Chancery.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Monty shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, shall teluie to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Preiniles, to the Satisfaction it the said Trusteef, cr in cale such Person or Persons to whom such hum or Sum' ot Money (fall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or it the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Ueitdiiamenu, be net known or discovered, then and in every such Cale it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, to order the said Sum or Sums 10 or

3533

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 17$.

of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties iuterelfed in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

[defer bing them] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem mett, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto; and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any VVhrre any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to Qud'tion shall be paid into the Btnkof England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of Money to °e this Act for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, paid, the Per-or of any Estate, Right or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Con who thall ments to be purchased in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or to any Jj^1" t" Bank Annuities, to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends j ands &c. at or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall the Time of have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the such Purchase, Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Per- be deem, fons or under the Possession of such Person or Persons shall be deemed and thereunto ac-takentohave been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here- cording to ditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn such Poffef-to the Satifaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or ualess, Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also * the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason Court of of any Incapacity or Disability of the Person or Persons, or Corporation Chance?y entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased may order under the Authority of the said Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money reasonable for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, p,rp,ch"C(-" and to be applied in the Purchase of other lands, Tenements, or Here- b^paftby0 ditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said Acts and the Trustee*. this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery

to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in [Loc. ft? FerJ] 39 K pursuance

3534-

For paying the Fxptnces of this Act.

Pcbick Ad.

T-rm of the Ad.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 173.

pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expence* as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the Money colfeded or received or to be collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall upon the passing of this Act cease and detetmine, and that the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations and Additions herein contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by Gf.orge Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 174.

An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the ASl of Parliament of the Third ©/"Charles the Fuji, and for the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the said Act. [ 1 5th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the First, intituled, An Act concerning the Title, Name, and Dignity 3 C. 2. of Earl of Arundel, and for the annexing of the Castle, Honour, Manor, and Lordship of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, with the Titles and Dignities of the Baronies o/Fitzallen, Clunn, and Olwaldftree, and Maltravers. and with divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereafter in this Act mentioned, being now Parcel of the Posse(firms of 1 bomns Earl of Arundel and Surrey, ear I Marshal of England, to the fame Title, Name, and Dignity of Earl of Arundel, it was enacted (among other Things) that the" said Castle, Honour, and Lordship of Arundel, and the Borough and Manor of Arundel aforesaid, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof , and several other Manors, Rectories, Lands, and Heredita-[Loc. & Per.] 39 E menu

353

49® GEORGII III. Cap. 174.

ments, situate in the said County of Sussex, and the Manor, Rectory, and Isle of Haling, in the County of Southampton, and several other Hereditaments in the said County of Southampton, in the said Act particularly mentioned, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, should for ever, by virtue of the said Act, be and remain estated, conveyed, assured, limited, and settled to Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and the Heirs Males of his Body; and for Default of such Blue, then to the Heirs of the Body of the said Earl; and for Default of such Issue. to the Right Honourable the Lord William Howard, Uncle of the said Earl, and Son of the Right Noble Prince Thomas, then late Duke of Norfolk, and the Heirs Males of the Body of the said Lord William Howard; and for Default of such Blue, to the Heirs of the Body of the said Lord William Howard; and for Default of such Issue, to the said Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and his Heirs for ever: And it was further enacted, that neither the said 2homas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, nor any of the Heirs Male or other Heirs of his Body, nor any other Person or Persons, his or their Heirs Male of his or their Bodies issuing, to whom any Estate of Inheritance of or in the Premises or any Part thereof, should come, descend, or accrue by Force or Means of the said Act, should thereafter alien, give, grant, bargain, and fell, or otherwise convey away any of the said Castles, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any other the Premises, or any Part thereof, or any other Thing do, which should or might be to the Dilherifon of the Heirs inheritable by Force of the said Act, or of any of them in the Remainder as aforesaid respectively, or whereby any of them should be barred or put from Entry into the Premises: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of 3/ G. 3. His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the En-franthijement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors, entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the Pirft, and for the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the said Act, after reciting the said Act of the Third Year of King Charles the First, and further reciting that the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, Hereditary Earl Marshal of England, was Heir Male of the Body of the said Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and as such, by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Act of the Third of King Charles the First, was in possession of the several Estates thereby entailed, and also reciting that within several of the Manors entailed by the said Act of King Charles the First were divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, Parcel of or within the said several Manors or Lordships, and held by the Tenants of the Lord of the fame Manors or Lordships, by Copy of Court-Roll or other Customary Tenures; and also reciting that a tonsiderable Number of the said Tenants were desirous to purchase, for a full and adequate Consideration in Money, the Freehold and Inheritance of their respective Copyhold and Customary Tenements, and the Timber thereupon, so as the fame might be enfranchised and discharged from all Copyhold and Customary Tenures, and of and from the Payment of all Fines, Rents, Sums of Money, and Heriots, payable for or in respect of the fame; and also reciting that within the said several Parishes of Arundel, Rufington, and North and South Haling, there were considerable Quantities of Land not compiized in, or entailed by the said Act of King Charles the F’irft, and the fame were liable to pay Tythes to the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and the Persons intitled for the Time being to the Estates entailed by the said Act, as Lay Impropriators of the said Rectories of Arundc!t Ruflington, and North and South 7 Haling

3539

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 174.

Hating; and also reciting that there was great Reason to believe the Owners of the Lands liable to the Payment of Tythes would pay a considerable Price for the Purchase of the Tythes issuing out of or payable in respect of their respective Lands; and also reciting, that it would be manifestly for the Advantage of the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and all other Persons claiming under the said Act of King Charles the First, that the said Copy-hold or Customary Estates should be enfranchised, and the said Tythes fold, and the Money arising thereby laid out and invested in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, intermixed with or contiguous to the Estates entailed by the said Act, and settled to the Uses thereof; but by reason of the Limitations and restraining Clause contained in the said Act, the Purposes aforesaid could not be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, during his Life, and after his Decease to and for such Person or Persons as should for the Time being by virtue of and according to the said Limitations in the said therein recited Act be seised of or entitled to the Freehold of the said Castle, Manors, or Lordships, and other Hereditaments entailed by the said recited Act, or to receive the Rents, Ilfues, and Profits thereof, unless such Person or Persons should be winder the Age of Twenty-one Years, and if such Person or Persons should be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then to and for his, her, and their Guardian or Guardians respectively, from Time to Time, and at any Time, upon such Price and Consideration in Money, as he or they should think reasonable, being paid, as therein and herein-after is mentioned, by any Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by him or them respectively, in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to make any Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements of any Copyhold or Customary Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel or reputed Parcel of or within the said several Manors or Lordships entailed by the said in part recited Act, or any of them, and for that Purpose to grant, bargain, and fell unto or to the Use of or in Trust for any Person or Persons whomsoever, being Copyhold or Customary Tenant or Tenants, or Holder or Holders of any Copyhold or Customary Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel or reputed Parcel of or within the said several Manors or Lordships, or any of them, the Freehold and Inheritance of any Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by any such Person or Persons holden or reputed to be holden to him, her, or them, and to his, her, or their Heirs, for any Copyhold or Customary Estate or Interest, as Part or Parcel of the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them, or holden or reputed to be holden as of the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them, or holden or reputed to be holden of, from, or under the Lord or Lords of the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them, by Copy of Court Roll, or any Customary Tenure whatsoever, and the Timber Trees and Wood thereupon, and all such Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, Rights of Common, and other Rights, Liberties, and Privileges in and upon all and every or any of the Commons and Waste Grounds, Parcel of the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them, by Copy of Court Roll, or any Customary Tenure whatsoever, and all such Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, Rights of Common, and other Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, in and upon all and every or any of the Commons and Waste Grounds, Parcel of the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them,

as

3540

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 174.

as the Copyhold or Customary Tenant or Tenants, to whom or for whose Benefit such Grants, Bargains, and Sales should be so respectively made as aforesaid, was or were entitled to, for or in respect ot, or as appendant or appurtenant to his, her, or their said Copyhold or Customary Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Tenement or Tenements, immediately before the Time of such Enfranchisetnent thereof, so and in such Manner that the Person and Persons to whom or to whose Benefit such Grants, Bargains, and Sales should be so respectively made, and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, should and might respectively hold and enjoy the said Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be enfranchised, and all such Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, Rights of Common, and other Rights, Liberties, and Privileges as aforesaid, freed and discharged of and from all Fines, and all other Payments by way of Fines for Admittance, and of and from all Heriots thenceforth to grow due to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors or Lordships for or in respect of the said Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which should be so granted, bargained, and sold as aforesaid; but nevertheless, after any such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements, the Lands or Tenements to be thereby enfranchised should be held in free and common Soccage, of the Lord or Lords of which they should be held at the Time of such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements, and in and by every such Grant, Bargain, and Sale as aforesaid, there should be excepted and reserved thereout to the Lord for the Time being of the Manors or Lordships wherein or of which the Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which should be so enfranchised as aforesaid, was or were situate, lying or being, or holden at the Time of such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements as aforesaid, all such Franchises, Royalties, Rights, Liberties, and Privileges of Chafe and free Warren, PIunting, Plawking, Fowling, and of chafing and killing of Game and Beasts of Chafe, and free Warren, and all such ancient Pifcaries, Fishings, and Rights of Fishing, as should have been then before anciently used, exercised, and enjoyed by the Lord or Lords of the fame Manors or Lordships respectively, and such other Exceptions and Reservations as therein mentioned: And, after some other Enadments, including particularly a Provision enabl ng the Sale of any such Tythes as aforesaid, it was farther enacted that the Money arising by the Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements thereby authorized to be made, and by the Sale or Sales of Tythes thereby authorized to be sold, which should be made in pursuance thereof, should be paid by the Person or Persons to or in whose Favour such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements, Sale or Sales, should be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Pligh Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte, the Person or Persons paying the fame, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty.two, and the general Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four, and so soon as conveniently might be after the fame should have been so paid as aforesaid, should under the Di-redion of the said Court of Chancery, be laid out and mveiled in the I'urdiafe of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as are therein mentioned, which should be conveyed, settled* and assured

to

4Q* GEORGII III. Cap. 174. 354*

to the Uses, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, finder, and fabject to the Powers, Limitations, and Restrictions, which by the said first in Part recited Act, were limited or declared of or concerning the said Cable of Arundel, and the other Estates thereby settled, or Inch or so many of them as should be then subsisting undetermined and capable of taking Effect: And also, that in the mean Time and until a proper Purchase or proper Purchases could be found, whereupon such Money should be laid out, the Money so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, should be by the said Accountant General laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they should be respectively paid off by Government, should be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Exchequer Bills should be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General; and should there remain until, on a proper Purchase or Purchases being made as therein-before was mentioned, the fame should be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing such Purchase or Purchases: And whereas, in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, there was made and passed an Act, intituled.

An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act passed in the 41 G.j, Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act 1 for the Enfranchis'ement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the * Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament 1 of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tithes also entailed ‘ by the said Act, in order to facilitate the Sale of Tithes therein mentioned '

And whereas the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, in pursuance of the Powers given to him by the said in Part recited Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-seventh and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, fold Parts of the Tythes, and enfranchised several Copyhold Estates, authorized by the fame Acts to be sold and enfranchised, and the Monies arising therefrom were, according to the Directions of the said Acts, paid into the Bank of England; and under and by virtue of the fame Acts, and of an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Duke of Norfolk, and others, to 23G.*, grant building or repairing Leases of certain Tenements, Houses, and Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in or near the Town of Arundel, in the County of Sussex; and also of an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees therein named, to make Exchange of 37 G 5. certain Estates comprized in the Act of the Third of Charles the Fuji, for entailing the Cafle and Manor of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and certain other Estates in the said Act mentioned-, and of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of Elis present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for vefing a Farm and 45 G.3. Hereditaments in the Parish of Petworth, in the County of Sussex, and in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Southampton, (Parcel of the Estates entailed with the CaJlle and Manor of Arundel, by the Ad If Parliament made in the Third 7 ear of the Reign of King Charles the First), in Trustees upon Trttfl, to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of a more convenient Fflate, the several Manors of Southfloke, Calceto, Dedi-sham, and other Manors in the said County of Sussex, have been settled, and now Hand limited to the same Uses, and under the like [Loc. b5 Per.] 39 M Restrictions,

35*1-2

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 174*

Reftfiftions, and in like Manner as the aforesaid Castle of Arundel and Estates entailed therewith are, and stand limited to, for, and upon., under and by virtue of the same Act of the Third of Charles the First: And whereas several Copyhold or Customary Tenan.s of the aforesaid Manors or Lordships, to which the Power of Enfranchisement given by the said Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty extends, though not prepared or at present disposed to purchase an entire Enfranchisetrent of their, respective Copyhold or Customary Lands or Tenements, are desirous of purchasing an Exoneration of their respective Copyhold or Customary Lands and Tenements from all Right of the Lord to limber Trees and Wood, or any Share thereof, and also from Henots, and from other particular Services, at such Prices as shall appear to be reasonable and advantageous; and feme of such Copyhold or Customary Tenants have accordingly applied to the said Charles Duke of Norfolk for Purchase of such limited Exoneration: And whereas it would be for the Advantage of the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and all other Persons claiming under the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the First, that the Powers given by the said Act of Parliament of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, should be expended to the Copyhold and Customary Lands within such Manors as under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, have been or shall be purchased or taken in Exchange, and settled and limited to the same Uses and in like Manner as the said Castle of Arundel, and Estates entailed therewith, by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, stand limi ed: And it would also be for the Benefit of the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and the other Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled to the said Castle and Manors entailed by the said Act of the Third of King Charles the First, and the said other Manors so already brought or hereafter to be brought under the fame Entail, that he and they respectively fh ulJ, besides the Power of entire Enfranchisement heivin-before mentioned, have a Power of felling, from Time to Time, such an Exoneration of the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Tenements within the said respective Manors, from particular Rights of and Services to the Lord, as aforesaid, under the Restriction of not extending such Exoneration to Fealty, Suit of Court, or any Yearly Quit Rent; on the fame Footing, in respect to the Payment and Application of the Purchase Monies for the said Exoneration, as the aforesaid Power of entire Enfranchisement under the said Act of the Thirty-sevenrh Year of His present Majesty: And whereas the said Charles Duke of Norfolk is Heir Male of the Body of the said Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and as such, by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said recited Act of the Third Year of His late Majesty King Charles the First, is in Possession of the several Estates entailed thereby: And whereas the said Charles Duke of Norfolk hath not at present any Itl'ue: And whereas Bernard Edward Howard Esquire, hath Issue one Son named Henry, who is an Infant, and no other Issue, and Henry Thomas Howard Esquire, hath Issue one Son named Henry, who is an Infant, and no other Son, and Edward Charles Howard Esquire hath Issue one Son named Edward, who is an Infant, and no other Son: And whereas the said Bernard Edward Howard, and Henry Howard his Infant Son, Henry Thomas Howard, and henry

Howard

35 + 3

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 174.

Howard his Infant Son, and Edward Charles Howard, and Edward Howard his Infant Son, are the only other IlTue Male of the Bvidy of the said Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and respectively interested under the Limitations contained in the said last mentioned Act: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, Bernard Edward Howard, on Behalf of himself and his said Infant Son, and the said Henry Thomas Howard on Behalf of himself and his Infant Son, and Edward Charles Howard on Behalf of himself and his said Infant Son, do humbly befetch Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be eira&ed; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful DjAeyf'\or-to and for the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, during his Life, and, after his fair'd i Decease, to and for such Person or Persons as shall for the Time being, by plcmifes en-virtue of and according to the Limitations in the said recited Act of the tailed by rc-Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the First, be fe'fed of or entitled to the Freehold of the said Castle, Manors, or Lordships, empowered to and other Hereditaments entailed by the same Act, or to receive the Rents, make Enfian-Issues, and Profits thereof, unless such Person or Persons should be under chisements, the Age of Twenty-one Years, and, if such Person or Persons shall be under "ic-the Age of Twenty-one Years, then to and for his, her, and their Guardian or Guardians respectively from Time to Time, and at any Time, upon having such Price or Consideration in Money as he or they shall think reasonable, paid in Manner herein-after mentioned, by any Deed or Deeds, to be sealed and delivered by him or them respectively, in the Presence of and atlefted by Two or more credible Witnesse®, to make any Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements of any Copyhold or Customary Messuage or Messuage®, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

Parcel or reputed Parcel of or within the several Manors, which under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, passed subsequently to the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, m

have been or shall be purchased, or taken in Exchange, or which under this Act shall be purchased, and settled and limited to the same Uses and in like Manner as the said Castle of Arundel, and Estates therewith entailed by the said Act, or any of them stand limited, in such and the same Manner in all Respects as he and they are authorized and empowered to make of the Copyhold or Customary Messuage or Messuages,

Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Farcel or reputed Parcel of or within the said several Manors or l.ordships, entailed by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First: And that all and every Person and Persons, to whom and for whole Benefit any such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements shall be made, and the respective Heirs and Assigns of such Person and Persons shall, upon his, her, or their paying his, her, or their respective Consideration Monies, in Manner herein-after mentioned, have, hold, and enjoy all and singular the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements as are hereby authorized, shall be so made as aforesaid, in like Manner as Persons to whom or for whose Benefit Enfranchisements have been made under the said Act of the '1 hirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as to Messuag'es, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments enfranchised under and by virtue of the said fall-mentioned Act.

1544

Duke of

No - oik, &c.

empowered

xo release and

exonerate

Copyholds,

&c.

4.9* GEORGII III. Cap*174.

II. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, during his Life, and after his De-cease, to and for such Person and Persons as shall, for the Time being, by virtue of and according to the said Limitations in the said recitea Acfc be seised of or entitled to the Freehold of the said Castle, Manors, or Lordships, and other Hereditaments, entailed by the said recited Act, or to receive the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, unless such Person or Persons should be under the Age of Twenty-one Tears, and if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then to and for his, her, and their Guardian or Guardians respectively, from Time to Time, and at any Time, upon having such Price or Consideration, in Money, as he or they shall think reasonable, paid in Manner herein-after mentioned, by any Purchaser or Purchasers to whom it shall be agreed to fell any such Exoneration as is authorised by this Act, by any Deed or Deeds, to be sealed and delivered by the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, Lord or Lords of the said Manors, or of any of them, or any such Guardian or Guardians as aforesaid respectively, in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to release, exonerate, and discharge any of the Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel or reputed Parcel of or within the said l’everal Manors or Lordships entailed by the said in Part recited Act of the Third of King Charles the First or by virtue of any subsequent Act of Parliament, fettied or entailed to the same Uses as the said Castle of Arundel, and Estates therewith entailed, are and (land settled, or any of them, front and of all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, which the said Charles Duke of Norfolk now hath, or any other such Person or Persons as aforesaid, who, for the Time being, by virtue of and according to the Limitations in the said recited Act of the Third of King Charles the First, shall be seised of or entitled to the Freehold of the said Castle, Manors, or Lordships, and other Hereditaments thereby entailed, shall or may have, as Lord or Lords of the said Manors or Lordship, or any of them, to, in, out of, or in respect of, the Timber-Trees, and other Wood now growing and being, or to grow and be, upon any of the said Copyhold or Customary Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so held of, or reputed Parcel of or within the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them, by Copy of Court Roll, or any customary Tenure whatsoever, and of and from all Heriots, Boons, and other Services, except Fealty, Suit of Court, and Yearly Quit Rents, thenceforth to grow due or to be performed to or for the Lord or Lords of the said Manors or Lotdships, for or in respect of any Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, lenements, or Hereditaments being Copyhold or Customary, or held of, or reputed Parcel of, or within the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them, by Copy of Court Roll, or from and of any of such Dues or Services except as aforesaid: And that when and as often as any such Release, Exoneration, and Discharge as aforesaid, shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and the Consideration Money for the same shall have been paid in Manner herein-after mentioned, then, and from thenceforth, all and Angular the Copyhold and Customary Messuages, Cottages. Lands, I enements, and Hereditaments, comprised in any such 1< eleafe, Exoneration, and Discharge, shall Hand, and be for ever released, exonerated, and discharged accordingly.

5

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i^if,

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Money to arise by or from the Enfranchis'ement or Enfranchisements which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and the Money to arise by or from any Sale or Sales of any Exoneration, in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to or in whose Favour such Enfranchis'ement or Enfranchisements shall be made, and by the Person or Persons with whom it shall be agreed to make any such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, into the Bank of England; and shall (subject to the Payment of the Coils and Expences herein-after mentioned) be laid out, applied, and disposed of, in such and the fame Way and Manner, and to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the herein-before recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are mentioned, directed, or declared, touching or concerning the Payment, Application, and Dif-pofilion of the Money to arise by or from the Enfranchisement or Enfran* chisements, or Sale or Sales, so thereby authorised to be made as aforesaid; save and except that, inilead of having the Money which, under and by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, placed to the said Accountant General’s Account there, ex parte the Person or Persons paying the fame, the said Money shall be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Purchasers of the Settled Estates of the Duke of Norfolk ^t Arundel.

IV. And be it also enacted, That the Certificates or Certificate of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cashiers of the Bank, of or for the Payment into the Bank, by the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Enfranchisement or Exoneration as is by this Act authorised to be sold, and made, of his, her, or their Purchase Money or Purchase Monies, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, from Time to Time, be good and effectual Discharges to such Purchasers, and to their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, for the said Purchase Monies, or so much thereof for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be so given and obtained; and such Purchasers shall be accordingly acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof: provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon Petition, in a summary Way, to make One or more Order or Orders for taxing and settling the Coils, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this present Act, and of the several Applications to be made to the said Court in pursuance thereof respectively, and also the Coils attending or incident to the making any Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements, or Sale or Sales, under or by virtue of this Act, and of taking out and in vesting in a Purchase or Purchases, all or any of the Monies paid or to be paid into the Bank of England, pursuant to the Directions herein contained, and for the Payment of all such Coils, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the said Monies, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, to be so purchased as herein-before is recited.

V. And whereas the said Chcrles Duke of Norfolk hath enfranchised certain Copyhold or Cuilomary Estates.held of the Manors which have been purchased or obtained by Exchange under or by virtue of the said recited Acts of

[£*(. Es* Per.~] 39 N Parliament

3545

Application of the Money arising from Enfranchisements and Sales of Exoneration.

Certificate of the Accountant General, and the Receipt of the Cashier, to be good for Payment of Money paid into the Bank by the Purchasers.

All Agreements and Releases for enfranchising

3546

and exonerating Premises made by the Duke of Norfolk, in pur-ftsance of the recited Acts, *alid.

General

Saving.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 174*

Parliament passed subsequently to the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, and settled to the Uses of that Act, and the said Charles Duke of Norfolk hath exonerated certain of the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Tenements holden of the Manors settled to the Uses of the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, from all Share, Right, Title, and Interest of the Lords of the aforesaid Manors, in Timber Trees and Wood growing or to grow upon such Copyhold or C.uftcmary Lands, and from all Heriots and Boons, and other particular Services: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether such Powers were vested in the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Enfranchiscment of Copyhold and Cnjlomary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of King Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tithes also entailed by the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That all Agreements, Releases, Conveyances, and other Assurances, for enfranchising any Copyhold or Customary Estates held of any Manor purchased or obtained by Exchange, in puduance of the said recited Acts, or any of them, passed subsequently to the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, and settled to the Uses of that Act, and for felling and granting such Exoneration from all Share, Right, Title, and Interest of the Lords of the aforesaid Manors, in Timber, Trees, and Wood, growing or to grow upon such Copyhold or Customary Lands, and from all Heriots and Boons, and other particular Services as is lad herein-before recited, which, before the Commencement of this Act, shall have been made by the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the said Thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign for an Enfranchisement, and upon which the Purchase Monies shall have been paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant Ceneral of the High Court of Chancery, according to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act, shall operate as Enfranchisements, where the fam« are expressed to be such, made under the Power of making Enfranchise-ments contained in the said Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and as Exonerations, where the same are expressed to be such, made under the Power of exonerating granted by this Act, and shall be good and valid accordingly, in the fame Extent in which they would be so if they had been actually made under such Powers respectivelyi but not farther.

VI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heir* and Successors, and to all and every other Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, and all and every the Person and Persons claiming or to claim under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Third Year •of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the First), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Benefit, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, either at Law or in Equity, of, in, to, upon, from, or out of the Premises which are hereby made saleable, or of which the Sales are hereby made operative, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

4

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i-]a,. 35,

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so Clause. printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Just ices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by Gioroe Eyre and Andrew Strahan

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 175.

An Act to empower the Tru frees under the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow, to grant in Fee, upon Fee Farm Rents, or for long Terms of Years, certain ERates by the fame Will devised in Trust lor Sale; and to pull down the Manfton House, called Knights Hill; and to make Roads; and to enfranchise Copyholds; and for other Purposes.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurloiv, 25th May

by his lait Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date on iSor.Willof or about the Twenty-ninth Day of May One thousand eight Thur* hundred and two, and duly executed and attested lor the deviling of real F.llates, deviftd all his Estate in the County of Suffolk, to the Right Honourable Edward now Lord Thurlow, (Son of his the said Testatot’s then late Brother the Right Reverend father in God Thomas, then lale Lord Bishopof Durham, and then deceased), for his natural Life, with Liberty to cut down fuel) I imber a should have attained to Perfedlic n, and w >uid become of less Value by (landing, with Remainder to the Use of the Right Honourable ‘John Lord Eldon, then and now Lord High Chancellor of [Loc. id Per.J 39 0 Great

3550

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175*

Gtv.r/ Britain, his the said Testator’s Nephew the Reverend Edward South Thurlow, Son of the Testator’s only other Brother, John Thtiriow deceased, and 'John Forjier of Lincolns Inn in the County of Miadlesex Esquire, and their Heirs, during the Lite of the said Edward now Lord Thurlow, to preserve contingent Remainders, and after the Decease of the said Edward now Lord Thurlow, to the first and other Sons of the said Edward now Lord Thurlow successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue to Thomas Thurlow the Second Son of the said rhen late Lord Bishop of Durham for his Life, with the hke Liberty of cutting down Timber as above mentioned, with Remainder to the said John Lord Eldon. Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjier, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Thomas Thurlow, in Tfuft, to preserv the contingent Remainders; and after the Decease of the said Thomas Thurlow to the first and other Sons of the said Thomas Thurlow severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such lifue to his the said Testator’s Nephew the said Edward South Thurlow for his natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber as above mentioned, with Remainder to the said Jo’.n Lord Eldon and John Forjier, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Edward South Thurlow, to preserve contingent Remainders; and after the Dccea e of the said Edward South Thurlow to Edward Thurlow Son of the said Edward South Thurlow j for and during his natural Life, with such Liberty of cutting down Timber as above mentioned, and wiih Remainder to the said John Lord Eldon and John Forjier and their Heirs, during the Life of the fame Edward Thurlow to preserve the contingent Remainders; and from and after his Decease to the First and every other Son of the said Edward Thurlow severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for D.fault of such Issue to the Second, Third, and other Sons successively of the said Edward South Thurlow, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, clevifed One Moiety of the said Premises to his Daughter Catherine Thurlow for her natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber ss is above mentioned, with P,e i ainder to the said John LorJ Eldon and John Forjier and their Heirs during her Life, to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the First and every other Son of the said Ca'.herine Thurlow successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail, and for Want of such Issue, to the Daughter or Daughters of the said Catherine Thurlow as Tenants in common in Tail, with crol's Remainder between them in Tail, and for Want of such Issue to his the said Testator’s Daughter Mary the Wife of David Cunyngh ime of Mai-thanger, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, for her natural Life, with the Jike Power of cutting Timber, and the like Limitation to the last named Trustees to preserve the contingent Remanders, and the like Remainders to be applied to her several Children and their Issue reflectively, as were therein-before provided respecting the said Moiety for his the said Testator’s Daughter Catherine, her Children, and their Issue respectively; and the said Edward late Lord Thurlow clevifed the other Moiety of the fame Premises to his Daughter Mary Cunyngbame for her natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber as is above mentioned, with Retnaindet to the said John Lord Eldon and John Forjier, and their Heirs during her Life, to preserve contingent Remainders, and

7 from

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i,]$. 35

from and after her Decease to the First and every other Son of the said Mary Cunyngbame successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail; and for Want of such ltlue, to the Daughter and Daughters severally of the said Mary Cunyngbame, and the Heirs of their Bodies respectively; to hold as Tenants in Common, with cross Remainders as Tenants in Common in Tail; and for Want of such Issue, to his the said Testator’s Daughter Catherine for her natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting Timber, and the like Limitation to the fame Trustees to preserve the contingent Remainders, and the like Remainders to her several Children and their Hues respectively, as were therein before provided, with respect to the first mentioned Moiety, and for Want of such Blue of either of his said Daughters, the said Testator declared his Will to be that the Premises should descend to his own right Heirs; and as to all the Rest of his Real Dilates, other than and except his said Estate in Suffolk, the said Testator devised the same to the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlcw, and John Forsler, and their Heirs, upon Trust to sell the same, and he directed that the Money to be rarfed by the Sale thereof should be added to and considered as Part of his Personal Estate; and he declared that the Receipt or Receipts of his Trustees for the Time being, should be sufficient Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Estates, or any Part thereof, for his, her, or their Purchase Money, and that after such Receipt given, he, she, or they should not be bound to fee to the Application, cr be accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof; and he desired that his Trustees would confulr and employ Mr. Townley of Walworth, in the Disposal of the Estates under their Direction, exercising their own Judgement and Discretion as to the Time or Times, and Manner of bringing the same or any Part or Parts thereof to Sale, deferring it to a future Season if they should deem it expedient or probably advantageous so to do; and he directed that the Rents and Profits in the Meantime and until the fame should be fold, should be divided and applied in like Manner as he had therein-after directed, concerning the interest or Produce of such Estates and of his Personal Estate; and the said Edward late Lord Thurlow further declared his Will to be, that all his said Personal Estate, except as should be mentioned, and all the Produce of his Real Estate therein-before direffed to be sold, should be divided in Moieties; One Moiety he desired might be laid out in the publick Funds in the Names of his said Trustees above mentioned, and the interest or Proceed thereof to be paid to such Person or Persons, upon such Trust, or for such Purpose as his Daughter Catherine Thurlow should from Time to Time during her natural Life, after each Payment should become due and not before, or by Anticipation, by Writing under her Hand, whether she should be married or Temain Angle, direct or appoint; and in Default of such Direction or Appointment to the proper Hands of his said Daughter for her foie and separate Ule; and he willed that the fame should not be subject to the Controul, Debts, or Engagements of any Husband she might have; and after her Death the said Moiety should be divided among her Children or their Hue, in such Manner and Proportion as she by Will only, whether foie or cover:, might think proper to appoint, such Will to be attested by Tw o credible Witnesses; and for Want of such Appointment I he said Testator directed that the fame Moiety should be divided equally amongst her Children then alive, and the Hue of such as might then be dead, fecundumjlirpes, and if she should die,

leaving

355 2

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175.

leaving no Issue at the Time of her Death, then he directed that the said Interest and Proceed of the said Moiety should be paid to such Person or Persons upon such Trust, or for such Purpose as his said Daughter Mary Cunynghcme should from Time to Time during her natural Life, after each Payment should become due and not before, or by Anticipation, by Writing under her Hand, whether (he should be covert or foie, direct or appoint; and in Default of such Direction or Appointment to the proper Hands of his said Daughter Mary for her foie and separate Use, and he willed that the fame should not be subject to the Debts, Controul, or Engagements of herpresent or any future Hufbind; and after her Death the said Moiety should be divided among her Children botn and to be born and their Issue, in such Manner and Proportion as she by Will only, whether covert or foie, should think proper to appoint, such Will to be attested by Two credible Witnesses, and for Want of such Appointment he directed that this Moiety should be divided equally among her Children born and to be born then alive, and the Issue of such as might be then dead, secundum Jlirpes; the other Moiety of the said gross Sum of his Personal Estate and of the Produce of the said Sale of his Real Estate as above mentioned, he dbeded to be laid out in the like Manner in the Names of his said Trustees in some of the Publick Funds, and he directed that the Interest or Proceed thereof should be paid to the separate Order, Direfiion, or Appointment, or to the proper Hands of his said Daughter Mary Curr/nghame during her Life, whether she should be covert or I'ole, in like Manner as he had directed concerning the Interest or Proceed of the first mentioned Moiety in the Event of the Death of his Daughter Ca. therine; without Issue living at her Death, and that 'he fame should be in like Manner free from the Debt', Controul, or Engagements of her present or any future Husband, and after her Death the said Moiety should be divided among her Children born and to be b \ n, and their Issue, in such Manner and Propor.ions as she by Will only, whether covert or foie, should think proper' to appoint, such Will to be attested by Two credible Wlrntfies, and for wane of such Appointment he directed this Moiety should be divided equally among all her Children born and to be born then alive, and the Issue of such as might be then dead secundum Jlirpes; and if flit should die leaving no such Issue at the Time of her Death, rhen lie dit>ded that the said Interest and Pioceed of the said last mentioned Moiety should be paid to the separate Order, Direction, or Appointment, or to the p oper Hands of his said Daughttr Catherine Thurtow during her Life, whether lhe should be married or remain lingle, in like Manner as he had directed concerning the Interest or Proceed of the first mentioned Moiety, and that 'he fame should in like Manner be free from the Debts, Controdl, oi Engagements of any Hulb.md she might have; and afte. her Death the fad Moiety Ih uld be divided among her Children and their Issue, in such Manner and Proportions as file by Will only, whether fmgle or covett, should think, proper to appoint, such Wtil’to be ar-tested determined by Two ere hole Witnesses; and for want of such Appointment he directed that this Moiety Ihoul J be divided equally among her Children the i alive, and the Issue‘of tuch as might be tnen dead secundum jlirpes; and if both his aid Daughters Catherine and Mary should die without leaving any such Issue at the Times of their Deaths, then he directed that the fai<i Monties should be laid cut in the Purcitafe of Lands of Inheritance in b'tjrolh, which fhcui.l be settled to and upon the Uses whereunto

his

4-9° GEORGII III. Cqp. i - 5.

his Estates in Suffolk were therein-before limited, anti the Interest of the said Moieties in the Meantime ihuuld go and enure to the fame Persons, and for the like Estates to which the Rents and Profits of the Lands when purchased and settled as aforesaid would go and enure; and he declaed that the Receipts of his said Daugthers, or their Appointees respectively, notwithstanding any Coverture of his said Daughter^, or either of them, should be sufficient Discharges for the Interest or Proceed of the faii 1'rust Fund therein-before directed to be paid to them or their Appointees as aforesaid, provided, and he the said Testator declared it to be his Will, that each of his Daughters should have Power, notwithstanding Coverture, by Writing under her Hand to direct er appoint to be raised out of the Trust Fund, (to the Income whereof such Daughter should be entitled), and to be advanced and paid during her Lifetime, as a Portion ot Portions, to, with, or for any of her Children, being Daughters who should have attained the Age of Eighteen Years and be married, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the then preemptive Share or Shares of such Daughter or Daughters in the said Trust Fund, provided the Husband of each such Daughter should upon such Marriage fecu e to her a Jointure, or any other Income in the Nature of a Jointure, in the Proportion of Eighty Pounds per Annum for every One thousand Pounds of her Portion or Fortune, in which Cale he authorized and directed his Trustees or Trusteefor the Time being to raise and pay such Sum or Sums of Money pursuant to such Di ettion or Appointment; and the said Testator also declared that each of his said Daughters should have Power in like Manner to direct or appoint to be raised out of the said Funds during her Life-time, for the Benefit of any of her Children, being a Son or Sons, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One-tenth Part of his or their then prefump-tive Share or Shares of and in the said Trull Funds, to be applied in or towards the placing out, advancing, or establishing such Son or Sons in any Profeflion, Trade, Business, or Employment, or otherwise for his or their Benefit; and he authorized and directed his Trustees to raise and pSy such Sum or Sums of Money accordingly; and the said Testator also declared his Will to be that the said mixed Fund of personal and of the Produce of the real Estate directed to be sold should be liable to his Debts, and such Legacies as he might thereafter give by any Codicil; and the said Edward late Lord Thurlow appointed the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlovj, and John ForJIer, Executors of his laid Will: And whereas the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, by a Codicil to his said Will (which Codicil bears Date the Twenty-first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three), after reciting that by virtue of his last Will and Teiiament his Estate in the County of Suffolk was devised or limited from and after the t •etermination of certain antecedent Uses therein expressed, to or to the Use of his Nephew Edward South Thurlow, for his natural Life, with such Liberty of cutting down Timber as is therein mentioned, ■with Remainder to the Use of the said John Lord Eldon and John ForJIer, and their Heirs, during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the said Edward Thurlow, the Son of the said Edward South Thurlow, for his Life, with such Libe.ty of cutting down Timber, as therein mentioned; with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of his first and other Sons successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Second, Third, and other Sons of the said Edward South Thurlow succeslivdy in Tail Male; with Re-[Loc. & Per.] 391 P' " * mainder,

315$

aid May 1803, Codicil to Lord Thar-low’s Will.

49° GEORGII JII. Cap. 175.

mainder, as to One Moiety of the said Estates, to his the said Testator’s Daughter Mary Cunynghame, for her Life, with such Liberty of felling Timber as therein is mentioned; with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during her Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of her fiift and other Sons successively in Tail; and that the other Moiety of the fame Estates flood limited to the like Uses to or in Favour of his said Daughter Mary Cnnynghame and her Issue, after the Determination of certain Uses and Limitations thereof to or in Favour of his Daughter Catherine and her Sons and Daughters respectively; and reciting that his said Nephew Edwa>d South Thurlow had Two other Sons, namely, Frederick 'Thurlow and Charles Thur lew, (being Sons which were in Faff named Frederick Charles Thurlow and Charles AuguJlusThurlow), and that his the said Testator’s said Daughter Mary Cunynghame, had, since the Date and Execution of his said Will, had a Son born named Thurlow Cunynghame (which Son was in Fact named Edward Thurlow Cunynghame), he the said Edward late Lord Thurlow did revoke and made void the said Devises or Limitations to or to the Use of the Second and Third Sons of the said Edward South Thurlow, and in lieu thereof, from and after the Determination of all the Uses and Estates created in and by his Will antecedently to those Limitations, he the said Testator gave and devised the said Estate unto and to the Use of the said Frederick Charles Thurlow, in the said Codicil called Frederick Thurlow, Second Son of the said Edward South Thurlow, and his Assigns, for his natural Life, with like Liberty of cutting down Timber, and with such other Powers as were given by his said Will to the several Tenants for Life therein named; and from and after the Determination of that Estate by Forfeiture or otherwise in his Life-time, to the said John Lord Eldon and John Forjler, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Frederick Charles Thurlow in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders therein-after limned, and from and after his Decease to the first and other Son and Sons successively of the said Frederick Charles Thurlow in Tail Male, and for Default of such Issue to the said Charles Augustus Thurlow in the said Codicil called Charles thurlow Third Son of the said Edward South Thurlow and his Assigns, for his natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting Timber and other Powers as aforesaid; and from and after the Determination of that Estate by Forfeiture or otherwise in his life Time, to the said 'John Lord Eldon and John Forjler, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Charles Augustus Thurlow, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders therein-after limited, and from and after his Decease to the first and other Sons successively of the said Charles Augudus Thurlow in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue he the said Testator declared his Will and Meaning to be, that the said Estates should remain and be subject to all and every the Uses and Limitations in his said Will of and concerning the Lme, or the undivided Moieties thereof uheiior to the said Limitations, to the Second and Third Sons of his the said Testator’s said Nephew successively, save and except that he the said Testator revoked and made void the said Devises or Limitations of or concerning both the said Moieties of his said Estate to or to the Use of the first Son of the said Mary Cunynghame and the Heirs of his Body, and in lieu thereof from and immediately after the Determination of all the Uses and Estates created in and by his said W ill concerning the said Moieties respectively, antecedently to the said Devises thereof to the first and other Sons of the said Mary Cunynghame, he the said Testator gave and devised

3555

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175.

the said Moieties respectively unto and to the Use of the said Edward Thurlow Cunyngbame in the said Codicil calle I Thur low Cunyngbame, and his Assigns, for his natural l.ife, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber, and with the several other Powers as were given by his Lid Will to the several Tenants for Life therein named; and from and after the Determination of that Estate by Forfeiture or otherwise in his Life-time, he devised the same to the said John Lord Eldon and John Fo fter, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Edward Thurlow Cunyngbame in Trull to preserve the contingentRemainders therein-after limited, aid from and after the Decease of the said Edward Thurlow Cunyngbame to the first and other Sons successively of the said Edward Thurlow Cunyngbame in Tail; and the said Testator ratified and confirmed his said Wi I in all Parts and Respects, save and except so far as the fame was by his said Codicil revoked and varied: And whereas the said Edward late Lord Thurlow departed this Life on the Twelfth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, and soon after his Decease the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjier, proved his said Will in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas the said Thomas late Lord Bishop of Durham, by his lait Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety, appointed his Wife, Ann Thurlow, Sir John William Ro/t Knight, and the said Edward South Thurlow, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, Guardians of his Children: And whereas the said Ann Thurlow and Sir John William Ro/e have both departed this Life: And whereas neither of them the said Edward now Lord Thurlow, Thomas Thurlow Catharine Thurlow, Edward Thurlow, Frederick Charles Thurlow, Charles Augustus Thurlow, Henry Robert Thurlow, and Edward Thurlowe Cunyngbame, hath been married: And whereas the said Mary Cunyngbame hath Issue the said Edward Thurlow Cunyngbame, and also David 7 burlow Cunyngbame, Mary Frances Thurlow Cunyngbame, Robert South Thurlow Cunyngbame, and Frances Thurlow Cunyngbame, and no other Child, and all the fame Children are Infants of tender Years: And whereas the said Edward South Thurlow intermarried with Elizabeth Mary Thompson on or about the Tenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and hath Issue by her the said Edward Thurlow, Frederick Charles Thurlow. and Charles Augustus Thur'ow, and also one Son named Henry Robert Thurlow, but no other Child, and alt of them are Infants of tender Years: And whereas a Part of the said Teffator’s Real Estates devised to the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjier, and their Heirs, in Trull for Sale as herein-before is mentioned, consists of the Manor of Leigham, and of a spacious Mansion House, and of Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments situate at Lambeth and Streatham in the said County of Surrey, and the said Mansion House was erected by the said Edward late Lord Thurlow at a Place called Knights Hill, Part of his said Estate at Lambeth: And whereas the said Trullees, in pursuance of the Trulls reposed in them by the said Will of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, caused the said Mansion House and several Parts of the said Estates at Lambeth and Streatham to be put up for Sale by publick Auction, and afterwards to be advertised for Sale by private Contract in the publick Newspapers circulated in London and its Neighbourhood, but no Bidding or Offer hath been made for the Purchase of the fame or any Part thereof, which the said Trullees have thought themselves jullified in accepting: And whereas certain Parts of the

12th Sept.

1806, Death ot Lord Thurlow.

DeathsofAnn Thurlow and Sir John William Rofc.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. it$.

said Estates at Lambeth and Streatham are situate in the midst of Property which fs in aprogreflive Course of Improvement by the Erection of Buildings thereon, and otherwise, so that the Valne of such Parts of the said Elates as last mentioned is increasing, and will in all probability continue to increase for several Years; and immediate Sale of the lame is therefore inexpedient, and it will be highly advantageous and increase the Value of the adjoining Grounds, to disposj of Parts of the fame Lands and Grounds for Building, by granting the fame either for long Terms of Years or in Fee at yearly Rems, and either with or without taking a Fine or Consideration in the Nature of a Foregift for the said Grants: And whereas the said Parts of the said Estates which it is deemrd inexpedient to fell at the present Time as aforesaid are mentioned in the rirft Schedule to this present Act: And whereas the Sale of the Manorial Rights and Interests in the Tenements hidden of the said Manor of Leigham would be an advantageous Mode of disposing of Parts of the said Manor: And whereas the Third Schedule to this present Act contains an Account of the Tenements holden of the said Manor of Leigham, and of the Otiit Rents payable in respect thereof, and also the Amount of the Fines and Heriots received by the Lord of the said Manor from the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four to the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven inclusive, since which Time no Court has been held for the said Manor: And whereas there is no Prospect: of felling the said Mansion House for more than the Value of its Materials, and the Expence of maintaining and repairing the fame hath been and is likely to be very considerable, and it is therefore desirable that the said Trustees should be empowered to cause the same to be pulled down, and the Materials thereof to be sold: And whereas the usual Power of appointing new Trustees is omited out of the said Will and Codicil, and it will be convenient to have such Omission supplied: And whereas, in order to put the said Estates, mentioned in the said first Schedule to this Act, into the Conditionlin which the fame may be fold or let to the best Advantage, certain Rodds which are particularly mentioned or described in the Second Schedulcto this Act ought to be made, and the Expence of such Roads will amount to the Sum of Five thousand one hundred and forty-four Pounds, or thereabouts, and is greater than the Persons who are entitled to a Life Interest only in the said Estates can be expected to incur, or than Guardians will be warranted in incurring on their own Authority for their Wards: And whereas the Boundaries of the said Estates mentioned in the said first Schedule are in many Parts irregular, and it will increase the Value of the fame Estates if the said Trustees were empowered to purchase such finail Parcels of Land adjoining thereto as may shorten the Boundaries thereof or facilitate Communication, and otherwise improve the Value of the Trust Estates: And whereas there is certain commonable Waste Land belonging to the said Manor of Leigham, containing Sixty Acres or thereabouts, the Soil of which belongs to the said Trustees as Lords of the said Manor, and it would be beneficial to the Persons interested in the said Estate if the said Trustees were empowered to purchase the Rights of Common and other Rights over the fame, so as to be enabled to inclose the said Waste Land, and to sell the same discharged of the said Rights: And whereas it is desirable that the said Trustees should be authorized to lay out a sufficient Part of the Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of the Trusts contained in the said Will of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, or of this present Act, in defraying the Expences of 3 making

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175. ftS?

making the said Roads, and in the Purchase of the said finall Parcels of Land, and of the Commonable or ether Rights over the said Wade Land, and of inclosing the fame, but by reason of the Devises and Trusts contained in the said Will and Codicil of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow the Purposes herein-before mentioned, though highly advantageous to the-Persons beneficially interested under the said Will and Codicil of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow in the Estates thereby devised for Sale, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

And whereas by a Decree of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, made r*'h J"n<L on the Twelfth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, in a Cause wherein the said David Cunynghame and Mary his Wife, and others of Chancery, are Plaintiffs, and the said John Lord Eldon and others are Defendants; it was ordered, that the Will and Codicil of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow should be established, and the Trusts thereof carried into Execution: And whereas by an Order made in the said Cause on the Eighth Day of March last, upon the Petition of all the said Plaintiffs and Defendants, it was referred to Master Steele, to whom the said Cause was referred, to inquire and certify whether it would be proper that the said Petitioners should be at Liberty to apply for an Act of Parliament for effectuating the several Purposes in the said Petition, and herein-before mentioned, or any of them: And whereas the said Matter, by his Report made in pursuance of the said Order bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of the fame Month of March, certified that he conceived that it would be proper that the said Petitioners should be at Liberty to apply for an Act of Parliament for effectuating the several Purposes therein-before mentioned, being the fame Purposes as were mentioned in the said Petition: And whereas by another Order made in the said Cause on the Twentieth Day of the fame Month of March, it was ordered that the said Matter’s Report should be confirmed, and that the said Petitioners should be at Liberty to apply for an Act of Parliament, for effecting the several Purposes herein-before mentioned: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject, the said Edward now Lord Thurlow, doth beseech Your Majesty j and Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject*, the said Edward South Thurlow, on behalf of himself, and as Guardian and on behalf of the said Thomas Thurlow, the Son of the said Thomas late Lord Bishop of Durham, and on behalf of the said Edward Thurlow, Frederick Charles Thurlow, Charles Augustus Thurlow, and Henry Robert Thurlow, the Infant Children of him the said Edward South Thurlow, and also the said Catherine Thurlow, and the said David Cunynghame and Mary his Wife,on behalf of themselves and the said Edward Thurlow Cunynghame, Mary Frances Thurlow Cunynghame, Robert South Thurlow Cunynghame, and Francis Thur-lowe Cunynghame, their Infant Children; do mull humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after the patting TniBfes may of the present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said John Lord Brant‘"L« Ellon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjler, their Heirs and Assigns, Year^'aft o°r and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such any Pan of Survivor or other Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the said Will, the Heirdita. by Indenture or Indentures to be by the said Trustee or Trustees for the Time being, sealed and delivered in the Presence of and attested by One, dde. C C* ILoc. & Per.'} 39 Two,

355$ 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175.

Two, or more credible Witness or Witnesses, from Time to Time in pur--fuance and performance of any Contraft to be entered into and afterwards approved by an Order of the High Court of Chancery, to be made in a summary Way on a Petition to be presented for that Purpose, and either with or without taking any Fine or Premium, as the 1 rustee or Trustees for the Time being shall think fit, and as shall be expressed in that Contract to grant and convey in Fee, or demise or lease for Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years, or any other Term or Number of Years, all or any Part of the Parcels of Land, Ground, and Hereditaments mentioned or described in the First Schedule to this Act, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to build upon and improve the fame, or to repair any Buildings erected and to be erected thereon, or to annex the same to Buildings already erected or to be erected in such Manner as by such Grants, Leases, or Demises respectively shall be specified; and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the fame Premises, as and for a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens to the Building or Buildings already built, or which may be built upon the Premises, or as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages, Sewer or Sewers for the use and convenience of the Grantee or Grantees, Lessee or Lessees, or the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Premises, in such Manner as shall be mentioned and agreed upon in each such Grant, Lease, or Demise respectively, and also such Privileges and other Easements as shall by the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being be deemed reasonable or convenient. Subject to so as the Rent to be reserved by each Grant, Lease, or Demise shall be the such Rdlric- bell that can or may be reasonably obtained by such Trustee or Trustees, tions. and f0 as (fog Rem or Rents to be reserved in or by every such Grant,

Lease, or Demise shall be made payable Half-yearly or oftener, either by Way of Reservationin Fee Farm, or by Way of Limitation of Use, and so as there shall be contained in each such Grant, Lease, or Demise such Powers of Distress and Entry, and of Perception of Rents and Profits for recovering and enforcing the Payment of such Rents, and such Covenants and Conditions as by the said Trustee or Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed reasonable, and so as the Grantee or Grantees, Lessee or Lessees execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of such Grants or Conveyances, Leases, or Demises, and so as there shall be contained in every such Giant, Lease, or Demise a Proviso or Condition, that if the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, shall at any Time be in arrear for the Space of Two Years, and not paid within One Year after the same shall be demanded by a Notice in Writing to be delivered to the Grantee named in such Grant, his or her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or to be affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises comprised in such Grant, or left with the Tenant or one of the Tenants of the Premises to be comprised in the fame Grant, or if the Buildings to be erected on the Ground comprised in any such Grant, Lease, or Demise shall be buffered to be dilapidated or out of Repair to the Value of Fifty Pounds or upwards, and the same shall not be repaired within One Year after Notice in Writing for that Purpose to be delivered to the Grantee or Lessee in that Grant, Lease, or Demise, his or her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or to be affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises comprised in that Grant, Lease, or Demise, or left with the Tenant, or one of the Tenants of the fame Premises, or if any of the Buildings to be erected on the Ground comprised in any Grant, Lease, or Demise shall be destroyed

by

3559

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175*

by Fire or other Accident, and shall not be rebuilt within Three Years next after such Fire or Accident shall happen, then and in either of the said Cases it shall or may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons entitled to the Reversion, if any, to which such Rent or Rents shall be annexed, and in case there shall not be any such Reversion then to and for the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled at Law to the Receipt of the Rent or Rents referred by the fame Grant, to enter into and upon the Hereditaments comprised in such Grant respectively; and that from and after such Entry and thenceforth such Grant, Lease, or Demise shall be void and of no EffeS at Law or in Equity: Provided always, that no such Entry shall be made by any Person or Persons having a particular Estate or Interest in any such Reversion, Rent, or Rents without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to the first: veiled Estate of Inheritance in the fame Reversion, Rent, or Rents, unless such Person or Persons shall be a Minor or Minors, nor if such Person or Persons shall be a 'Minor or Minors without the previous Consent of his or their Guardian or Guardians, such Consent to be expressed in the Notice to be given as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Condition or Conditions particularly mentioned in this Act, and hereby directed to be inserted in each such Grant, Lease, or Demise respectively, shall be good and have full EffeS at Law and in Equity, and that when and if any such Entry shall be made by the Person or Persons entitled at Law to the Reversion or Receipt of the said Rent or Rents, then from and after such Entry the Grounds and Hereditaments comprised in each Grant, Lease, or Demise, avoided by such Entry, and the Buildings ereSed thereupon, shall become and be vested in the Person or Persons entitled to the said Reversion, Rent, or Rents, under and subject to the fame or the like Truth, Charges, and Conditions, Intents and Purposes as the fame Reversion, Rent, or Rents shall be held by him, her, or them respectively at the Time of such Entry.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South I htirlow, and John Forfter, their Heirs and A (Tigris, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, and to or for the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of such Will and Codicil, to enter imo any Contract or ContraCls, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands for making any such Grant, I,eai«, or Demise; and that every such ConrraCl, it case the same shall be confirmed within Six Calendar Months from the Day of i he Date thereof, by an Order of the High Court of Chancery to be made upon Petition and in a summary Way as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and be carried into Execution by the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the lame Will and Codicil, and that a recital of such ContraS or ContraSs to be inserted in the Indenture of such Granr, Lease, or Demise respectively, shall be full and complete Evidence of such ContraS respectively; but inlef* such ContraS shall be confirmed by an Order of the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, such ContraS shall eeafe and be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Conditions to be inserted in Grants or Demises, &c.

Trustees t»

contract for stich Grants, See.

6

356° 49* GE-Q’RGTI III. Cap. 17-5.

Power to fell

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

Material be lawful for the said. John I.ord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John

Right* and Forjler, their Heirs and Assigns, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, ucrc s' and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, or the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the said Will and Codicil, at any Time after the parting of this present Act, to fell to any Person or Persons who shall or may hold of them the said Trustees as Lords of the Manor of Leigham aforesaid, as described in the said Third Schedule, either freely or by Copy of Court Roll according to the Custora of the said Manor, any Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, Parcel of or within the said Manor, alt and every or any of the Estate and Interest of them the said Trustees as Lords of the said Manor of and in the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments so held by such Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid; and all and every or any Fines, Quit Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Heiiots, and Services due or payable for or in respect of or incident to the fame, so nevertheless that such Sales be in all Cases made for the mod Money and bed Price or Prices that can or may in the Opinion of the said Trustee or Trustees for the Time being be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and for the Purpose of effecting such Sale or Sales, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjler, their Heirs and Assigns, or the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor or other Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the said Will and Codicil, at any Time or Times after the passing of this present Act, and upon Payment to them or him respectively of the Consideration Monies agreed to be given upon such Sale or Sales by any Deed or Deeds, or Instrument or instruments in Writing, to be by them or him sealed and delivered in the Presence of andatcefted by One, Two, or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to grant, bargain, fell, enfeoff, or release all and singular the Hereditaments and Premises which shall be sold as aforesaid, with their and every of their Appurtenances, unto the Person or Persons who shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, and the Heirs of such Person or Persons, or in such Manner as he, she, or they shall direct; and all and every the Persons and Person to whom any such Conveyance shall be made,*and his, her, and their respective Heirs or Assigns, shall thenceforth hold and enjoy the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein comprised as Freehold, and freed and discharged of and from all Fines, Rents, Reliefs, Heriots, and Services whatsoever, which shall be so fold and conveyed to them as aforesaid.

Trustees em- V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may powered to be lawful for the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John hare the Forjler, their Heirs and Assigns, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, Ho"ift°pulled an^ Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, or the Trustees or Trustee down, *c. for the Time being of the said Will and Codicil, if they or he shall think fit, and when and so soon after the passing of this Act as they or he shall deem proper or expedient, to cause or procure the said Mansion House called Knight’s Hill, situate in the Parish of Lambeth aforesaid, mentioned in the said First Schedule, and the Houses, Out-houses, Offices, Edifices, or Buildings belonging to the fame, to be pulled or taken down, and the Foundation or Base thereof to be dug or worked up, and either before or after the said Mansion House and Premises shall be pulled down, to make

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 175. *561

file and dispose of the Materials of the fame reflectively either altogether or in Lors, and by public Auction or private Contract, unto a'>y Person or Persons for such Price or Prices in Money as can at the Time of any such bale or Sales be reasonably obtained for the lame.

VI. And whereas the said Mansion-house and Buildings hereby autho- Archbishop rized to be pulled down, or some of them, are handing and being on ot^a:'u‘rb rr Lands of Copyhold Tenure which are Parcel of the Manor of Lambeth th*Jtaking"^ in the County of Surrey, and the mod Reverend Charles Lord Archbifhup down the

of Canterbury in Bight of his Archbishoprick is Lord of the said Manor: ManGou And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Lord Atchbilhop for 0l"e' the Time being will be justified in granting a License for pulling down the said Mansion-house and Buildings: Be ithereforeenacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles Lord ATchbilhcp of Canterbury or his Successors for the Tune being, by any Instrument in Writing under his Hand, to authorize the pulling down all or any Part of the said Capital Mansion-house and Buildings, and for the Application of the Produce of the said Materials or any Part thereof, upon,

under, and subject to the Trulls here in-before declared of the Money to arise by the Sale of the fame Materials.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shal'l Compensation and may be lawful to and for the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South (r'u^c mad* Thurlow, and John Foster, their Heirs or Assigns, or to and for the Trustees-Trustee and Trustees for the Time being of the said Will and Codicil of the said Edward Lord Thurlow, to compound or agree with the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being to pay, and afterwards to pay out of the said Trull Monies such Sum or Sums of Money as the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the said Will and Codicil shall deem to be a reasonable Conpensation for such License, and for thepofiible or eventual Loss which the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being or his Successors may lultain by reason or in consequence of pulling down the said House and Buildings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums ami paid into of Money which shall be agreed to be paid as the Consideration for such "*■' bank. License shall be paid by the said Trustee or Trustees for the Time being

of the said Will and Codicil of the said Edward Lord Thurlow into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees of the Will and Codicil of the said Edward Lord Thurlowpursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Firtl. Chapter the Thir-ty-f«eond, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Directions of the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the l wenty fourth; and that the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Calbie'rs of the Bank of England, to be thereunto annexed an-a therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Fayment into the Bank of England by the said Trustee or 1 luftees for the Time being, shall from Time to Tims be and be deemed to be good and elsefluai Discharges to such Trustee or Trustees, and to his. her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Alligns for [Loc. £3* Per.] 39 R th*

3562 +(/ GEORGII III. Cap-175.

the Monies aforesaid, or so much thereof as in such Certificates and Receipts Oiall respectively be expressed an l acknowledged to be received; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts as herein-before are mentioned, such Trustee or Trustees or other Person or Persons shall not be answerable or accountable far any Loss, Misapp'ication or Non-application, or be in anyveife bound or concerned to fee to the Application of the Money therein expressed or acknowledged to be received.

Application of such

Cocsideration

Money.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in the Meantime and until the Money to be paid as the Consideration for such License shall be inverted in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein after contained, the fame Money shall from Time to Time be laid out, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Navy, Victualling, Transport or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy, Victualling, Transport or Exchequer Bills, and the Monies received for the same as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy, Victualling, Transport or Exchequer Bills, and all the said Navy, Victualling, Transport or Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until proper Purchases be found for the In-vestment thereof, and until the fame shall, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing such Purchase or Purchases, or for answering such Costs as are herein-afeer mentioned.

To be laid X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pllt Money which shall arise by the Sale of such Navy, Transport, Victualling

Premises! or Exchequer Bills, shall be laid out, under the Direction of the High

Court of Chancery, and upon the Petition of the Lord Arcnbishop for the Time being, to be preferred in a summary Way, in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled, conveyed, and assured, and the same shall accordingly be settled, conveyed, and allured, to the Use of the said Lord Archbishop for the Time being, and his Successors, Archbishops of Canterbury, as Part of the Property belonging to the See of the said Archbishoprick, with the fame or the like Power of leafing as may be exercised by the said Archbishop for the Time being over other Lands Tenements, and Hereditaments, and as if the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments to be so purchased, had been mod commonly letten by the Archbishop or his Predecessor, for the preceding Twenty Years and the former Lease was surrendeTed; but so nevertheless as the first Leases of the fame Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments shall be at a Rent or Rents not less than the Annual Value of the lame Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Money arising by the Sale of any such Navy or Victualling or Transport or Exchequer Bills which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall exceed the Amount of the Original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only, the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid by such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased in pursuance of this Act in case the fame

35^3

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175.

fame had been actually purchased, or to the Representative of such Person or Persons, as Part of his, her, or their Perl'onal Estates: Provided Expenses to aito, that the Colts, Charges, an 1 Expences of and attending such Pur- Monies chai’eaud Conveyance aslaftlyherein-beforementioned, and all the Petitions,

Matters and Things relating thereto, shall or m y be paid out of the said last-xnentioned Trull Monies, by and under the Order of the High Court of Chancery, if (he said Court shall think fit to make such Order to the Arch-biflrop for the Time being, by whom such Colls, Charges, and Expends shall he incurred, or to his Executors or Administrators, or to his

or their Solicitor for the Time being.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said T-- —*

AtchbilL.-p for the Time being granting such License, and also the it,demn:'i j

Trust.ee or Trustees for the Time being paying Part of the said Trull for taking Monies as a Consideration for such License and pulling down the said down the Mansion-house and Buildings by virtue of the said License, shall be in- Ma;:ho:!‘ demnified, and they are hereby declared to be indemnified from all

Suits at l aw and Equity, by Reason of such License and Payment %f any Money for such Licei.fe respective’y, and for pulling dbtvn tKb said Mansion-house and Buildings respectively.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Trustees em-and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the poTer?^ said John Lord Eldon> Edward South Thurlow, and John Forsler, their 1,1

Heirs and Assigns, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, or t e Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the said Will and Codicil, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, to be made and given by an Order of that Court in a fomftia/y Way upon a Petition as aforesaid, to make or lay out, or contract, cause or procure to be made or laid out in or through the said Estates at Lambeth and Strcatham, or any Estates to be purchased under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, the several Reads or Ways described in the Second Schedule to this present Act, but with and subject nevertheless to such Alterations and Variations in the Line of me said Roads or any of them as the said Court shall deem expedient, and shall order and direct accordingly.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall Application and may be lawful for the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thur low, l,ie ’Em ft and John Forjler, their Heirs and Assigns, and the Survivors and Sur- Ionies>&c. vivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, or the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the said Will and Codicil, to

lay out and invert any Sunt or Sums of Money which shall come to his or their Hands respectively by virtue of or under the Trulls of the said Will of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow in respect of the Hereditaments thereby devised for Sale as aforesaid, and any Sum or Sums of Money to be received by them the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forfter, or the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being of the fame Will and Codicil, under or by virtue of this present Act, in paying and discharging all the Cods, Charges, and Expences which have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this present Act, and in carrying the Purposes of the same Act into Effect> to be taxed by a

Mafier

356*

Lands purchased field upon the fame Trusts as the Premises in the Firit Schedule.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175.

Matter or Matters of the High Court of Chancery, on such Order as the said Court shall think fit to make in a summary Way by Petition for that Purpose, and also under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, to be made and given by an Order to be made in a summary Way upon Petition as aforesaid, to purchase such Lands or Hereditaments contiguous to the said Estates at Lambeth and Streatham, as shall be deemed convenient to be held with the said JCftates of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow there, either for the Purpose of shortening the Boundaries thereof, or rendering the fame more even, uniform, and regular, or for facilitating Communication therewith, or giving a better Frontage thereto, or otherwise improving the Value of them, and also under the Order and Direction of the High Court of Chancery, to be obtained as aforesaid, to lay out any Part of the said Trust Monies not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand one hundred and forty-four Pounds, in making such Roads as are described in the Second Schedule to this present Act, and herein-before mentioned or referred to, or any of them, and also under the Order and Direction of the High Court of Chancery, to be obtained as aforesaid, to lay out such Part of the said Trust Monies as the said Court shall think fit in the Purchase of the Rights of Common and other Rights in and over the said Watte Land within the Manor of Leigham, and inclosing the fame; and in the Meantime and until the Money to be produced by the Ways and Means aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be wanted for the Purpose* to which the fame is hereby made applicable, it shall be lawful for the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjier, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, to lay out and invett the fame Trust Monies or any Parc thereof, in their or his Names or Name in the Purchase of a competent Share or competent Shares of any of the Parliamentary Stocks or Publick Funds of Great Britain, or upon Real Securities in England, and from Time to Time to alter, vary, and transpose the said Stocks, Funds, or Securities, as they or he shall think proper, into or upon Stocks, Funds, or Securities of a like'Nature, and to convert such Stocks, Funds, and Securities, into Money for the Purposes of this Act, and to pay and apply the fame accordingly, and the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Eorjler, and other the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being, shall stand and be possessed of and interested in the Residue of the Money so to be produced as aforesaid, or the Stocks, Funds, and Securities upon which the fame may be laid out or inverted in pursuance of this Act, and of and in the Interest, Dividends, and Annual Produce of the fame, upon and for such Trusts, Ends, Intents and Purposes as are expressed and contained in the said Will of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, concerning the Money to arise from the Sales thereby directed to be made, and the Dividends, Interest, and Income thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lands (if any) to be purchased under or by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained shall he held upon, under, and subject to the fame or the like Trusts and Powers as are by this Act declared of and concerning the Lands mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cab. 175. 35-65

TCVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That subject to TnilL or the several Trulls, Powers, or Authorities herein exprtfti-d and contained, stand r.-ii.-l <-.f the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thur low, and John Forfte', their Heirs and Aihgm, and the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being ofrfie Lord TIm» said Will and Codicil, shall Hand and be seised of and iniereltedin the said low’s Will. Lands and Hereditaments at Lambeth and Streatham foresaid mentioned in the said first Schedule to this Act, and of and in the I.ahds and Hereditaments to be purchased as herein before is mentioned, and of and in the Rents, Hues and Profits of the fame respectively, and of and in the Rents so to be reservedas herein before is mentioned, upon and for such Trulls,

Intents and Purposes as are expressed and contained in the said Will of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, of and concerning the Elates thereby devised for Sale; ani that all such Lands and Grounds as shall De fold under or by virtue of the Trulls contained in the said Will, shall thenceforth be discharged of and from any further Exercise of the l'rulls and Powers contained in this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thdt the Receipts of Receipt or Receipts in Writing of the said John Lord E don. Edward South Truitt < u> ’ie Thurlow, and John Forster, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and goodDi.ihar-the Heirs and Allignsot such Survivor, or the Trustee or Trustees for the ^3'

Time being of the said Will and Codicil, or of such Person or Persons as they or he shall or may by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand respectively appoint to receive the same, shall be good and effectual Receipts and Discharges to any Person or Persons payinganv Sum or Sums of Money to them or him, under or determined by virtue of this present Act, for so much Money as in such Receipt or Receipts shall be expressed and acknowledged to be received, and shall be good and sufficieut Evidence of the Payment of the lame, and that the Person or Persons taking such Receipt or Receipts as aforesaid, their, his, or her Heirs, Executors, Adrtiinistrators or A Highs shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for the Loft, Mifapnuda-tion or Non-application, or in any wise bound or concerned to lee to the Application of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof.

XVffl. And be it further enacted by the Authority afrrefaiJ, That in Power to case it shall happen that all or any of them the said J.bn Lord Eldon, a?Pomt new Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjier, or any tutor.: Trustee or Trustees' Trustees who shall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or any of them as herein-after mentioned, shall die or be desirous of being discharged from, or shall refuse or decline or become i-capable to ad in the Trusts reposed in him or them by the said Will and Cod'cil of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, or by this present Act, before the same shall have been fully performed, then and io often as any such Ca(e shall happen it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, if the said Court shall fee Occasion and think fit, in a futhmairy Way, upon the Petition of the Person or Persons who final! for the Time be ng be entitled to the Rents, Hues and Profits of the Real Estates by the said deflator's Will devised to be sold as aforesaid, or to the Incereft and Proceeds of the Monies to arise by Sale thereof, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dvh-g or desiring to be discharged, or refusing, declining or becoming incapade to act as aforesaid; and when and so soon and as often as any iach Tcrfon or Pc:iocs shall be [Lee. & Fer.J 39 $ so

if<!

3566 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175.

so nominated and appointed, all the Estates and Powers which shall be then vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or refuting, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, either solely or jointly with any other Trullee or Trustees by virtue of or under the said Will of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, or by virtue of or under this present Act, shall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner, and so that the fame Estates and Powers shall and maybe legally and effectually vested in the survivine or continuing Trustees or Trustee thereof, and such new and other Trullee or Trustees, or in such new Trustees or Trustee only as the Case may require, upon the Trulls, anJ for the Intents and Purposes, and subject to the Powers declared, expressed, or contained in the said Will and C odicil of the said Edward late Lord Thttrlow, and in this present Act, or such and so many of the same as shall or may be then lublilting undetermined or capable of taking Effect; and such new Trustee or Trul-tees shall and may in all Things ad in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the said last-mentioned Truds, as fully and effectually, and with the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents, Eff:ds, Condrudiont and Purposes, as if he or they had been the Trustee or'I'rudees originally named by the said Will of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, and in this present Act.

General XIX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majedv, and to His

Saving. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Ccporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Edward now Lord Thurlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the said Edward now Lord Thurlow. and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bidies of such Son and Sonsrespectively, and to the said Thomas Thurlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the said Thomas Thurlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively, and to the said Edward South Thurlow, and the said Edward Thurlow, and all and every other Son and Sons of the said Edward I burlow and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of fucffSon and Sons respectively, and to the said F ederick Charles Thurlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the said Frederick Charles Thurlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively, and to the said Charles Augufius Thurlow and all and every other Son and Sons of the said Charles Augufius Thurlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sous relpec-uvely, and to the said Henry Robert Thurlow, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all and every the Son and Sons hereafter to be born to the said Edward South Thurlow, and the Heirs of his and their Body and respective Bodies, and to the said Catherine Thurlow, and ail and every the Son and S-ms and Daughter and Daughters, and other Ilfue of the said Catherine Thurlow, and their respective Executors and Administrators, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Son and Sons, and Daughter and Daughters respectively, and to the said David Cunyng-bame and Mary his Wife, and to the said Edward Thurlow Cunynghame, his Executors and Administrators, and ail and every the Son and Sons of the said Edward Thurlow Cunynghame, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively, and to the f.iid David Thurlow Cunynghame, his Executors and Administrators, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and to the said Robert Sou h Thurlow Cunynghame, his Executors and

35^7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 17$.

and Administrators, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and to the said Francis Thurlow Cunyngbame, his Executors and Administrators, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and to ail and every other the Son and Sons of the said Mary Cunyngbame, and the Executors and Administrators, and Heirs of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively, and to the said Mary Frances Thurlow Cunyngbame, her Executors and Administrators, and the Heirs of her Body, and all and every other the Daughter and Daughters and all other the Issue of the said Mary Cunyngbame, and the Executors and Administrators of the fame Daughter or Daughters and Ilfue, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies ofluch Daughter and Daughters respectively, and the right Heirs of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interelb of, in, and to the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, under or by virtue of the said Will and Codicil of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and evey or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

< i V r

c

■.-.O*

AA to be

printed by the Kings Printer, Evidence.

The

49* GTEORGII III. Cap. 175.

The First SCHEDULE

To which the above A<St refers.

In STREATHAM, in SURREY.

The Freehold Manor of Leigham, with Courts, Quit Rents, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and Wattes of the said Manor A Freehold Messuage and Gardens, and several Closes, Pieces, or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Patture Lands, in the Tenure of William Adam Esquire, called Brixton Hill Farm, containing -

A Freehold Messuage or Mansion House, with the Offices, Building', Gardens, and several Closes, Pieces, or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Paiture Land, in the Tenure of William Adam Esquire, containing Four Pieces of Freehold Land near adjoining, in the Tenure of the said William Adam, called the Sinney Hill Land, containing -

Two Cottages, Buildings, Gardens, and Premises in the Tenures ot George Southerne and Widow Channington An Orchard in the Tenure of Ghyer

Brockwell Green Farm, with the Buildings, Closes, Land, and Premises, in the Tenure of Mr. Thompson

a. a. v.

l6 2 Q

136 3 20

225 2 26

18 3 21

c o 37

O I O

>5 3 27

In LAMBETH.

594 in

Freehold.

A Messuage or Farm House, with the Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Closes, P eces, or Parcels of Arable, Meadow and Paiture Land, and Premises, in the Tenure of Mr. Llenry Dibbin -

Four Closes of Land near the Gypfy House, in the Tenure of Mr. Dibbin -

Copyhold.

Six Closes of Arable and Meadow Land, in the Tenure of Mr. Dibbin -

The Mansion House, with the Offices, Buildings, Gardens, and fevcal Closes, Pieces, or Paiccls ot Land rear the fame Part, in the Poflcihon of the Trustees, and other Part in the Tenuie of B. Thompson

55 3 0

304 2 o

282 6 24

Carried forward

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175.

3569

Brought forward

Copyhold.

A Messuage ana Buildings, with several Closes of Arable, Meadow, and Paflurc Land, now or late in the Tenure of Tomkins

Four Closes of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land, now or late in the Tenure of Mr. Rowcroft A Ciofe of Meadow in the Tenure of Mr. Jones Three Closes of Meadow, in the Tenure ol Mr. Brown A Messuage, with the Offices, Buildings, Gardens, and several Closes, Pieces, or Parcels ot Paftuie and Meadow Land, called Dulwich Cottage, in the several Tenures of Messrs. Graham and Dibbin

Freeholds and Copyholds held of the Manor of Lambeth

norxrrf. v - n * »■»-• y*

Allotments under the Lambeth Inclosure Act.

From Half Moon to Norwood Common,

First Allotment on the East Side of the Road Second Do. - Do. -

Third Do. - Do.

Knight’s Hill Green

Allotment next Mrs. Hind * -

Rudi Common.

Allotment at Top of Brixton Hill

Norwood Common.

Norwood Common Gate, Welt Side

Piece adjoining -

Do. on the East Side -

Do. adjoining the Horns Public House

Do. in Front of the Chapel -

Do. - Do. -

The North Part of Common of West Side of Road

Allotment in Hall Lane

39

{Lee. £3* Per.]

the

357°

t

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ij5.

The Second SCHEDULE To which the above Act refers.

A Road (A. No. i.) branching off from the Road between London and Noiwood, at a Cfofe called and leading

in aSoutherly Direction through the Brockwell Green Farm, and cou tinuing in a South-westerly Direction through Knightlhill Farm to the North Corner of the late Norwood Common.

A Road (B. No.2.) leading from Crocklhot Lane, at the Eastern Corner of Brockwell Green Farm, in a Westerly Direction into the first mentioned Road from London to Norwood.

A Road (C. No.3.) branching out of Leigham Lane, and leading in a Westerly Direction over the Lands called the Fifty-six Acres, and Brixton Hill Farm, and Mount Nod Farm, into the Turnpike Road leading from London to Streatham.

A Road (E. No. 4.) beginning at the Northern Corner of the late Norwood Common oppositethe Road (No. 1.) and leading in a Westerly Direction over the Farm, late Clutterbuck’s, to the South Corner of Leigham Common, and thence diverging ia a Southerly Direction over the Mount Nod Farm, and Three other doles on ter Streatham Common.

A Road (F. No. 5.") leading from the said London and Norwood Road in the Line of Leigham Lane, and along the North Side of Leigham C im-mon, and from thence in a Westerly Direction over Mount Nod Farm into the said Turnpike Road from London to Streatham-

W. X mss.

—■'J

The

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 175/

2571

The Third SCHEDULE To which the above Act refers.

MANOR OF LEIGHAM.

PREMISES,

A Dwelling House called tlte Tile House,'i with the Offices and Gardens, and a > Close called Pinfold Cloi'e - J

A Piece of Waste Land inclosed, and a I Dwelling House and Garden adjoining - j

A Piece of Land late Part of Leigham'i Common, and Two Brick Cottages built > thereon - - J

A Messuage or Tenement, with a Barn and! Orchard, and Two Closes of Land J

A Piece of Meadow

A Messuage, with the Gardens, Offices, I and Pallure Laud - J

Quantities.

A. k. r.

5 1 13

030

7 J 19

John Kymer

Rich'1 Ray

In° Morgan

f Representative of a Henry Thrale deceased

Ditto

Percival Evans

Amount of Quit Roots.

f. d.

5 4

z 6

7 6

4 4

The above are Copyhold of Inheritance, subject to a fine arbitrary on Death or Alienation, and also an Heriot on Death.

£ r* d.

Amount of Fines from the Year 17^4 totlie Year 1797 inclusive, since which Timeno J oj __________

Court has been held for the said Manor - J t

Heriots for the same Time — - - 10 Ij —

y.R. Hayward.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to die King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 176.

An Act for vesting an Estate in the County of Lincoln devised by the Will of Francis Lord Le Defpencer, in Trustees, upon Trull to sell the same, and with the Money arising therefrom to discharge the Incumbrances thereupon, and to lay out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

[15 th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Francis late Lord Le Despenser did, in such Manner as the Law requires for the Validity of Devises of Real Estates, duly sign and publish his Iaft Will and Testament in Writing bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty, and did thereby give and devise unto his Nephew John Walcot Esquire Second Son of John Walcot of Walcot in Shropshire Esquire, Anthony Todd of IValthamJiow in the County of Essex Esquire, the Reverend Richard Lcvett Rector of West IVycombe in the County of Bucks, and Daniel Macnamara of Lincoln's Inn Fields in the County of Middlesex Esquire, and their Heirs, all his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Middle-fex•, Bucks, Lincoln, Oxford and Kent, and all other his Real Estate of what Nature or Kind soever or wheresoever, except such Parts thereof as he should by his Will otherwise dispose of, to hold the fame unto and to [Loc. y Per.] 39 U the

Will of Francis I.ord Le Defpencer recited.

3574

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 176.

the Use of the faicj John Walcot, Anthony Todd, Richard Lcveit and Daniel Macnamara, and their Heirs, upon the several Trusts nevertheless and to and for the Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the Provisoes and Limitations therein and in Parr herein-afterexpressed and declared concerning'the fame; (that is to say). In "I first in the First: Place out of all his said Estate (except such Part thereof as was in the said County of Kent, to pay and discharge all lits Debts and Legacies, if his Personal Estate should not be sufficient for that Purpose; and (subject thereto and charged with certain Life Annuities thereby devised by him to his Sifter Lady Rachel Aujlen, and to Mrs. Frances Barry) as to all his the said Testator’s said Estates in the several Counties of Middlfex, Bucks, Oxford and Lincoln, and all other his Real Estates whatsoever and where-soever, (which were not thereby otherwise disposed of), the said Testator willed, directed and devised the fame, charged And chargeable as aforesaid, to be in Trust for his Brother John Dafhwood King Esquire, and his Assigns for his Life without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after his Decease in Trust for John Dafhwood King Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of his the said Teitator’s said Brother, and his Assigns during his Life without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after the Decease of the Survivor of them the said John Dafhwood King the Father and John Dafhwood King the Son, in Trust for the First and every other Son of the said John Dafhwood King the Son, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male, and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for George Dafhwood King Second Son of his said Brother John Dashwood King, and his Assigns for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after his Decease, in Trust for the First and every other Son of the said George Dashwood King, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for all and every other the Son and Sons of the said Testator’s said Brother John Dashwood King, and the several and respective Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Son and Sons issuing; and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for his the said Testator’s only Son by the said Frances Barry, commonly called or known by the Name of Francis Dafhwood, and his Assigns, for his Life without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after his Decease, in Trust for the first and every other Son of the said Francis Dashwood severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for his the Testator’s Nephew Charles Walcot Esquire, being the eldest Son of the said John Walcot of Walcot aforesaid and his Assigns for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after his Decease, in Trust for John Walcot the eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the said Charles Walcot and his Assigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after his Decease, in Trust for the First and every other Son of the said John Walcot, the Son of the said Charles Walcot, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for Charles Walcot Second Son of the said Charles Walcot, his the said Testator’s Nephew, and his Assigns for his Life, withouc Impeachment of Waste; and from and aft;er his Decease, in Trust for the first and every other Son of the said Charles Walcot the Son, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for all and every other the Son and Sons of the said Charles

Walcot

3575

i

490 GGEORGII TIL Cap. 176.

IValcol the Father lawfully begotten or to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of every such Son and Sons lawfully issuing; and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for his the said Testa or’s laid Nephew John Walcot and his Assigns lor Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after his Decease, in 1 ruff, for the first an 1 every other Son of the said "John Walcot his the Testator’s Nephew lawfully begotten or to be begotten, and to the several and reipevtive Heirs Male of the B dy a id Bodies of every such Son and Sons lawfully issuing; and for Default of such Issue,‘ in Trust for Francis Skipwith Esquire, Second Son of Sit Francis Skipwith, of Newbold Rtvell in the County of Warwick Baronet, and his Assigns for his Life without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after his Decease, in Trust for the first and every other Son of the said Francis Skip ith, severally and successively according to their resptdi/e Seniorities inTailMale-, and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for Sir Thomas Stapleton of Greys in the County of Oxford, Baronet, and his Assigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste j and from and after the Decease of the said Sir Thomas Stapleton, in Trust for Thomas Stapleton Esquire, now the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the said Sir Thomas Stapleton, and his Ash gns for his Life without Impeachment of Waste j and from and after his Decease, in Tiuft for the first and every other Son of the said Thomas Stapleton the Son, severally and f ucceffively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and in Default of such IGfue, in Trust for William Stapleton Esquire, second Son of the said Sir Thomas Stapleton, and his Assigns for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after his Decease, in Trust for the first and every o her Son of the said William Stapleton, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and in Default of such Issue, in Trust for all and every other the Sons and Son of the said Sir Thomas Stapleton, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for the said Teliator’s Cousin Charles Vere Dashwood, therein called Charles Dashwood, and his Assigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and after his Deceai'e, in Trust for his first and other Sons successively in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue, in Trust for his the said Testator’s own right Heirs for ever j and the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer did constitute and appoint his said Brother John Dashwood King, and Daniel Macnamara Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer signed and published a Codicil to his said Will, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and thereby, after taking Notice of the Death of the said Sir Thomas Stapleton, and devising and bequeathing his Estatein the said County of Kent in the Manner therein mentioned, he the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer did in all other Respects ratify and confirm his said Will, and every Clause and Matter therein contained: And whereas the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer signed and published a second Codicil to his said Will, and which second Codicil bears Date the Eleventh Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and the fame does not in anywise aft'edt the said Estate of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer in the said County of Lincoln: And whereas the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer departed this Life in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, without legitimate Issue: And whereas the said Darnel Macnamara duly proved the said Will and Codicils of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury on the Sixteenth

Day

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 176.

Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two: And whereas on the Death of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer the said John Dashwood King, the first Devisee for Life named in his Lid Will, became Sir John Dashwood King Baronet: And whereas the said Dame Rachael Auden, in the said Will described Lady Rachael Aujlen, and who on the Death of the said Francis Lord Lc Defpencer became Baroness Le Defpmcer died without Issue on or about the Sixteenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight: And whereas Frances Barry, afterwards Frances Murray, the Annuitant, named in the Will of the said Francis late Lord Le liejpeneer, hath long since departed this Lif-: And whereas the said John Walcot, the Nephew of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer, Anthony Todd, Richard Levett, and Daniel Macnamara, and Francis Dashwood and Rachael Fanny Antonia Dashwood, Infants, by the said Daniel Macnamara their next Friend did, in Easter Term One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, file their Supplemental Bill in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery against Dame Rachael Aujlen, Francis Fane, and Sir John Dashwood King, the Father, and others; and thereby, after dating among other Things an original Bill in the fame Court between the fame Parties as are above named, and that by an Indenture Tripartite bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and made or expressed to be made between the said Francis then late Lord Le Defpencer of the first Part, the said Dame Rachael Aujlen of the second Part, and Sir Thomas Stapleton Baronet, of the Third Part, the said Francis Lord L.e Defpencer did for the Considerarions therein mentioned give, grant, bargain, fell, and confirm unto the said Dame Rachael Aujlen and her Assigns, One Annuity, Yearly Rent, or Sum of Eight hundred Pounds issuing and to be received and taken by and out of all that the Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Dunfton in the County of Lincoln, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, io hold and enjoy the fame Annuity, Yearly Rem, or Sum of Eight hundred Pounds unto the said Dame Rachael Aujlen and her Assigns, for and during her natural Life, to be paid Quarterly on the Days or Times and in the Manner therein mentioned; and that the said Francis late Lord Le Defpencer did for himself, his Heirs and Assigns, covenant and agree with the said Dame Rachael Aujlen and her Assigns for the Payment of the fame, and that she might exercise the Powers and Remedies'for reco-Drmire to Sir vering and compelling Payment of the fame when in Arrear; and it is by t. st.ij.iaon indenture now in Recital further witnessed, that for the Considerations . ^forefaj^ ancj jor more effectually securing the said Annuity of Eight hundred Pounds, and for the other Consideration mentioned in the said Indenture, he the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer did grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said Sir Thomas Stapleton, h;s Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all that the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship, and all and Angular other the Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, to be thereby charged with the said Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Eight hundred Pounds, with their Rights, Members,’ and Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the said Sir Thomas Stapleton, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Day next before the Date thereof, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years thenceforth next ensuing without Impeachment of Waste, upon and for the Truffs, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Provisoin the Indenture now in Recital declared and contained, and in Part hefein-after mentioned, (that is to say) upon Trufl to permit and suffer the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer* his. Heirs and Assigns, to take the Rents and Profits of the said Manor

and

3576

Original and Supplemental Bills for raif* ing Money for paying Arrears of Lady Rachael Austen’f Annuity of 3©ok

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 176,

and other Hereditaments for his and thrir own Use until Default should be made in Payment of the Did Annuity of Eight hundred Pounds at the Times therein n en ioned; and upon lunher Trult, that in case the said Annuity of Eight hundred Pounds or any Part thereof should be unpaid by Forty Days after any of the before appointed Days of Payment, the* it should t e lawful for the said S r Thomas Stapleton, his Executors, Administrators, and A Signs, from Time to Time by the Rents, Mues, and Profi s of the said Lordif ip, Manor or reputed Manor, or by demifing, 1 afing or mortgaging the fame, or any Part thereof, for all or any Part of the said Term of Nmety-nine Years, or by such other Waysand Means as to him the said Sir Thomas Stapleton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should seem meet, to raile and levy such Sum and Sums of M mey as should be sufficient from Time to Time t > pay and discharge the said Annuity, Arrears, and Colts; and after also dating that the said Annuity ot Eight hundred Pounds was then greatly in Arrear, the said John W hot me Nephew, and the said other Complainants, did therefore ptav, (amongst other Things), that the said trancis Fane, therein mentioned to be (he personal Reprelemaiive of the said Sir Thomas Stapleton, might by Mortgage or Sale of the Premises comprised in the said Term of Nine-; ty-nine Years raise such Money as should be sufficient to satisfy the said Annuity of Eight hundred Pounds granted to the said Dame Rachael aiujien for her Life »s herein-before is mentioned, if the said Premises should be Sufficient for that Purpose: And whereas by a Decree or Decretal Order of the I id Court of Chancery made in both the said Caules on the Seventeenth D *y of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty five, it was ordered, that Mailer Leeds, to whom the said causes stood referred, should tax the Colts of the Parties, and take an Account of the Rent* and Profis o‘ the said D»ston Estate which had been received by the Defendant Sir John D/Jhweod King the Father, or any other Pctw son or Perf 11s by his Order or for his Use; and it was further ordered, that what lho< ld be found due from the Defendant Si* John Dashwood King the Father cn such Account of Rents and Profit* fh >uld be apibed in Payment of what lh ul I be taxed for the said Cods, and thtn in Payment of the Arrears elue < f the said Annuity and what should be lunher reported due in itfpe& thereof; and it was further ordered, that the Deficiency ol such Rents and Profits to answer the Purposes aforesaid should be raised by Mortgage or Sale of the said DunJIotf Ellate wiih the Approbation of the said Mailer and as he should diiefl j and all proptr Parties were to join therein, and in case the lame should be raised by Sale, such Sale was to be to the bed Purchaser or Purchasers that could be got f>>r the fame, to be allowed of by the said Mader; and it was furthtr ordered, that the Money to be raised by such Mortgage er Sale should be applied in Payment: of such Deficiency accordingly, and in cale the lame should be raised by Sale, and more should be raised than should be necessary t« answer the Purposes aforesaid, it was ordered that the lame should be paid into the Bink with the Pnvity of the Accountant General of the said Court, and be placed to the Credit of the said Caul'es, subjetl o the further Order or ihelaiJ Court: And whereas the.laid Mader Leeds by his f eport bearing Date ihe Third Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-lix, certified that in Ooedience to the said recited Decree or Order the said Maitrr Leeds caused an Advertisement to be published in the London Gazette Lr the peremptory Sale of the said Manor and othei Hereditaments of and in Dunjtrn aforesaid, apd therein called [L«. & Per.J 39 X the

3577

Sale of the Dunfton ' Estate.

35:?%

Aflii-nmnit from Fiancii fane to George ur-Ky n I rust fir Mr Jtfhn Pafli.iood King*

Assignwi'nt f>-. m orge Burlty an

Sit John Dalh-»ood King to El zah th Xh'tens for Securing 300J.

9<?!ln tr

4-9* GEORGII III. rCap. i76.

the Dunston Estate, on the Third Day of May One thousand seven hurt- dred and eighty-six, at which Time George Burley of Lincoln's Inn Gentle-; man, having bid before the said Mailer on Behalf of the said Sir Jihn Dashwood Kino the Father, for the Purchase of the Did Estate, the Sum of Four thousand five hundred Pounds, the said Matter did allow the said: George Burley, on Behalf of the said Sir John Dashwood King the Father, to be the Purchaser of the said Estate at the Price aforesaid: And whereas determined by an Order of the said Court made in the lame CatdVs on the Nineteenth Day of the fame Month of May, the said Report of the Third Day of the fame Month of May was absolutely confirmed: And whereas by Indenture , hearing Date the First Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-fi-ven, and made or expressed to be made between the said Francis Fiine of the First Part, the Did Dame Rachel Aujlen of the Second Part, the said Sir John Dnjkwo-d King the Father, of the Third Part, and the said George Burley of the Fourth Parr, in Consideration of the Sum of Four thousand five hundred Pounds, paid by the said Sir John Dashwood King__ as therein is mentioned, and for the Gnsiderations therein expressed, he said Francis Fane did at the Rtquest and upon the Nomination of the said. Sir John Dashwood King the Father, and with the Privity, Confenr, and Apprdbatibrt of the hiti Dame Rachel Aujlen, testified as therein mentioned, bargain, fell and assign unto the said George Burley all and Angular the Manor ,-nd other Hereditaments by the said Indenture of the Thirteen h Day of AUguJl One thousand seven hundred and fixt\-thr e, bar-; gained, fetid and demised unto t it lain Sir Fhom s istapleton, h i Executors, Administrators_ and Assigns, wi h their Rights, Members and Appur tenancesf, to hold the lame unto the said George Burley, his Executors, ftdrtiini'strators and Assigns, for and durii gall the Kefidueand Remainder #Feri to Confe’arid untxpfred of the said Term of Ninety-nine Yeats, in •Fruit for the said Sir J hn Dashwood King the Father, h:s Executors, Administrators•and Assigns! And-whereas determined by an Indtn.urs, beating Date she Third Day of March in the said Year One thousand seven hundred &h,d eighty-seven, and made or expressed to be made between the said George Burley dt the First Part; the said Sir John Dashwood King the Father, of the Second Part, and Elizabeth Lutens of l e csjier quare in th*} said Chuhty ct Middk/ex, Wi.fow, of the Third Part, in Confide aiion bf tli’e’Sum of Three th"uf*nd Pounds to him the said S r John Dashr Stood King the Father paid by the said Elizabeth Dutens and for a no i* ir'a) Cdrisideration of Ten Shillings to the said ueo ge Bur,ey paid by ing f ill Elizabeth Dutens, the said George Burley at the Rtqu,it. and by th# ^Directrrirr of he said Sir ’Jdhn Dashwood king the Falhi/, leltshed as 'thfereihis mentioned, and also he the said Sir John. Dashwped Bing aid •according to their respdctive Rights and Interests in the,lii.rj;ditainenfis Therein after aflrgntdy barga n, fell, assign, transfer, and-jlft;,over unco the said Elizabtth Dutens the Mai or and other the Hereditaments wh'c^ by’the said Indenture of the Thirteenth Day o Augxjt Ooc thculaqd 'seven hundred and sixty-trree, were bargained, loid,*<mjd pemifid untp the said Sir Thomas Stapleton for the said I etm ol Nijieiy-ni/ie Yeaj^i, 'an 1 which fciyMhe laid Iifdenture of the Second.Day .,of t|he thep Irritant Month ol March One thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, wereafligned for all the Residue then to come and umxpired t,f sbe^said Term of Ninety-nine Years umo the said Gttrge BnAey, t»S £xecutQts, Adm mftrarors; and Assigns, in I rust lor the said Sjf John DoJbwooJ King the Father,- his Executors, Admunltratois, and Assigns, as.tfiejgpi v w» o mA j ai|d

49- GEORGII- III. Cap. 176.

3S79

and herein before is mentioned, with their Rights, Members, and Ap* purtenances, to hold the fame unto the said Elizabeth Dutens, her Executors. Administrators, ami Adieus fcr all the Residue and Remainder then to come and unexpired of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, subject to a Proviso or Con ition and Covenant or Agreement contained in the said Indenture now in recital lor the Redemption of the said Premises, on Payment by the said bir 'john Dashwood King the Father, his Heirs, Extcuto s, Administrators, or Assign , unto the said Elizabeth Dutens, her h.xcurors, Administrators or Assigns, of the said Sum of Three thoulanu Founds. and Interr.flTpr.the fame after the Rate, in the Paris, Snares, and Proportions, and on or at the Days or Times therein for that Purpol'e mentioned: And whereas by an Indenture bearing Date Mortg*ee the Tenth Dav.of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and tr ade or txp-e ed to be made between the said Sir John Dashwood King KingtoWil. the Father of the First Part, Beijamin. Handley of Sleaford in the said ham Savage. County of Limeln, Gjent eman, of the Second Part, John Parkinson,

Edward Hate, aim John thi-Jon, Gentlemen, Commissioners for carrying into Ex- cution an Act of barliap.enf of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reigns I is pnlcjit ,.via city, intituled, A/i A cl for dividing and inclosing the open Common, hen, and Irgt, in the Parish ^/"Dunlton, in tie County of Lined n, and for draining end imp'.ovwg.ceruun Parts thereof, and also certain lire 'ofed Low Lanai in the said Parish, and if (he.Parish of Metheringham in the fame Goumyi of the Third Papt, ;and H ijiam Savage Esquire, of, the FoimhjPmt, it was , nd is w Ln.effc<|, ,that in Cot.fi leratien of tire Sum' of >Tb te thousand one hundred ap,d thirty founds by the said William Savage paid on the V count of the said, Sir, John Dashwood King the'

Father,- as :ra the said Indenture is mentioned, by the Direction and ApV poi it mem air well of the said John Parkinson, Edward Hare, and John hudson, as- of the said. Sir John D.i/hwood King the l a1 her, tellified as therein met tiotitd, ne the said Sir John Dashwood King the Father, by virtue o the Power or Aiutho ity to him given by the said Act of Parlia-fcvnt, did charge the Lairds and Grounds in Dunsion aforesaid, by the said C.ommissioners (rt out and allotted to him under the Provisions of the faiu Act, with-the "uni ot Three thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds io be paid to the said Wiliam Savagg, his Executors, Administrators, and Ail gns, together with li tertlf.in the mean Time after the Rate on or at the Days r Time*, and in the Manner therein-after mentioned; and by a d in the lamt Indenture now in recital it was further witnessed, that in < i nfiderath n of the Sum of 1 hree thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds Fo by the said, William S' V ge paid as therein and herein-before is 'mentioned, a d lor Further securing the Payment thereof, the said Sir ■J bn Dashwood King ihe Eather, pursuant to and by force and virtue anil in Exercise and Execution of the Power and Authority to him for that Pur(ole by the said Act given or limited, and of all other Powers and Authorities enabling him in that Behalf, did with such Corifent, and so testified as theieib before is mentioned, grant, mortgage, lease, demise, and subject to the said Wiliam Savage, his Executors, v Administrators,

-and Assigns, the l.aiids and Grounds to by the said Conunissioners set out and allotted to him the said Sir John Dashwood King the.Father as therein-before is mentioned,.with-their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto he fai-d William Savage, his Executors, Administrators, and Ali gns,

Tor :»nd during.and unto the lull End and Term of One thousand Years thenceforth next enfuiag and fully to be complete and ended, ftpjeft

V.v

neve, theless

3S8o

Will of Mr Jch Pa ft. wo 11 K.ng,

recited.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 176.

nevertheless to a Provilb or Condition and Covenant or Agreement in the Indenture now in recital contained for Redemption of the said Pi entiles, on Payment by the said Sir John Dashwood King the Father, or the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the Freehold of the Hereditaments and Premises thetein and herein-before mentioned, to the said William Savage, his Executors, Admimft ators, and Assigns, of the Sum of Three thousand one hunortd and thirty Pounds, with Interest for the fame after the Kate and at the Time thetein mentioned: And whereas the said Sir J hn Dashwood King the Father afrerwards dtpaned this Life, leaving Two Sons, the said John Dashwood King, and George Dashwood, and no O' her Issue Male him survivtng, having flrlt duly signed and pubhlhed his lall Witl and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and thereby he bequeathed all the said Manor of Dunfton, and all and Angular other the Premises comprifen n the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, unto his Soa the said Geone Dashwood, his Executors, Administratnrs, and Assigns, for the he Remainder of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, subject to the said Mottgage Debts; and the said Tellator appointed the said John Dashwood King the Son, his Second Devilee fur Lite named in the said Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpcnccr, and his laid other Son George DaJljwo'id and the said John Waicot, Executors of his said Will, and after 1,is Decease his said Executors duly proved the fame in the Prerogative Court of thf Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas on the Dece fe of the said Sir John DaJhwjod King the Tellator, the said J hn Dashwiod King his Son breame Sir John Dashwood King Baronet: And where s by an Indenture bearing Date the Twentieth Day of the Month of Dei ember in t e Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, and ma e or txpr (Te l to be made between the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son, i.f ihe First P rt, the said John Parkinson and Edward Dare, surviving Comm IS'inm for putting into Execution an Act ot Paiiiauunt passed in th- Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclq/i'ig the Open and Common Fields and Heath, Common F.Jlure and IPaJie Lands in the P,.ri/h 0 Dimftou ,n the County of Lincoln of the Second Part, and the (dad lYi/liam Sav.ge of ;he Third Part, after certain Recitals, by which it appeared that the said Commislioners had directed the Sum of Eight hundred and foty-three Poitnos Ten Shillings and Eight pence to be paid by the said oir John Lajhwood King the Father as his Quota of tire Rare made by them for defraying the Expence of passing the said Act, and that the said Sum of Eight hundred and forty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence was a cordindy paid to or to the Order of the said Commissioners by the said Sir J hn Dashwood King the Father, as appeared I y a Receipt in Writing ligned by the Clerk to the said Comtntffioners, nd da ed the Twenty-third Day of January One thousand seven hundred and nineiy-four, and reciting that the said Sum of highc hundred and tort y-three I ourids Ten Shillings and Eight-peno- did not excred F xty olull ngs for every .‘Sere of the said Lands and Grounds, and reciting that the Ltd Sir John Dashwood King the Father borrowed the saul Sum of E ght hundred and tony-three Pou ds Ten Shillings and Eiuht-pence from the said JVidiam Savage, and that the said Sir John Dashwood King in* Faihcr and Sir John Dashwood King the Son, wi-refucccflive y I ena. is for Life of the Lands and Grounds allotted to the fain Sir John Dashwood King the Father as aforesaid, and that the said John Dashwood Ling the Sou was then desirous of securing to the said William Savage, his Executors, Ad-

muriUrators,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ij6.

minidrators, and Assigns, the Payment of the said Sum of Eight hundred and ferry-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence, with Intered for the fame, by exercise of the Powers expressed and contained in the said last mentioned Act, it was and is witnessed, thrt in Consideration of the said Sum ot Eight hundred and forty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence so borrowed by the said Sir John Dejhwcod King the Father, from the said William Savage, and by the said Sir John Dajlowocd King the Father paid over to or to the Order of the said Commissioners as therein-before is mentioned, he the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son, in exercise of the recited Power or Authority given to him by the said Act as aforesaid, and all other Powers him thereto enabling, and with the Privity and Approbation of the said John Parkinson and Edward Hare, did charge all and Angular the Lands and Grounds which the said Sir John Dashvuood King the Son was under the said recited Act entitled to charge, and every of them, and every Pact and Parcel thereof, with the Payment of the Sum of Eight hundred and forty-three Pounds Ten ShiPings and Eight-pence to the said William Savage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and it was in and by the said Indenture also witnessed that in consideration of the said Sum of Eight hundred and forty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence, and for further fe< uring the Payment thereof, with lawful Intern IE for the fame, to the said William Savage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and in exercise of the said recited Power and Authority, and every other Power and Authority enabling him in this Behalf, and with the Consent and Approbation of the said John Parkinson and Edward Flare, he the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son did grant, mortgage, lease, and demise to the said William Savage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and singular the Lands and Grounds and other Hereditaments, which by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son was entitled to charge and demise as therein-before is mentioned or referred to, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the said William Sc.vage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of One thousand Years thenceforth next ensuing and fully to be complete and ended, subject nevertheless to a Proviso or Gondition in the I denture now in recital contained for making void the lame on Payment by the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son, or the Person for the Time being entitled to the Remainder or Reverdon of the Hereditaments and Premises herein-before mentioned to be thereby de-m.ifed, fttbjetfl to or expectant on the said Term of One thousand Years, unto the said WillianT Savage, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of E'ght hundred and forty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence, and Interest after the Rate, at the Time, and in manner therein mentioned: And whereas the said George Dashwood intermarried in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four with Elizabeth Callaniar Spinder: And whereas the said George Dashwood departed this Liie without Issue, and Intellate, on or about the Twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, and Administration of his Goods, Rights., and Credits, wa^ granted by the Prerogative Court of the Arch-btlhop of Canterbury to Elizabeth his Widow; And whereas the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son was the only Brother, and Sarah Walcot, the Wife of the 1ii6rJokn Walcot the Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and Elizabeth, the Wile of William Lechmere Esquire, were the only Siders of the said George Dash-wocd j and under the Statutes for the Dif-[Loc. y Per.] 39 T tribution.

Assignmeftts

tro n Elizabeth Dash-

M'Oud ami others to R. Minlhull in Trust for Sir John r afh-■wood King.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 176.

tribution of the Estates of Inteflntes one undivided Moiety or equal Half Part or Share of the Residue of the Personal Eftare of the said George Dashwood belonging to the said Elizabeth Dashwood his Widow, and tr.e other Moiety of the fame was devil'able among the said Sir John Dafhwood King the Son, and the said Sarah the Wife of the said 'John U’alcot the Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and the said Elizabeth, the Wile of the said William Leclmere, in equal Shares, to that Three equal Sixth Parts or Shares of thr laid Manor and Premises comprized in the said Term of Ninety-nine Years belonged to the said Elizabeth Dashwood, and one undivided Sixth Part or Share of the fame belonged to each of them the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son, Sarah Walcot, and Elizabeth Lechmcre, subject and charged as herein-before is mentioned: And whereas by an Indenture of Five Parts, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and made or expressed to be made between the said Elizabeth Da Jit wood the Widow and Reiifl of the said George Dafowood, of the First Part, the said John Walcot the Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and the said Sarah his Wife, of the Second Part, the said William Lechmcre and Elizabeth his Wife of the Third Parr, and the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son, of the Fourth Part, and George Rowland Minjhull, of Serjeant's Inn, Fleet Street, in the City of London, Esquire of the Fifth Part; it is witnessed that in Consideration of the Sum of Four thousand and sixty-five Pounds EL ht Shillings to the said Elizabeth Dashwood, and of the Sum of One thousand three hundred and fifty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Eight-pence to the said John Wialcot the Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and Sarah his Wife, and in Consideration of the Sum of One thousand three hundred and fifty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Eight-pence to the said William Lcchmere and the said Eliza--beth his Wife, paid by the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son, amounting altogether to the Sum of Six thousand seven hundred and sevenry-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, and which is thereby dedaied to be the full Price or Consideration to be paid by the said Sir J/.hn Dashwood K;ng the Son for the" Purchase of the Shares of the said Elizabeth Dashwood, John Walcot the Son of the said John Walcot the Father and Sarah his VYife, and William Lechmcre and Elizabeth his \\ ife, of and in the said Manor ard other the Premises comprized in the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, and fora nominal Consideration of Ten Shillings by the said George Rowland Minjhull paid to the said Elizabeth Dashwood, John Walcot the Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and Sarah his Wife, and William Lechmcre and Elizabeth his Wife, they the said Elizabeth Dashwood, John Walcot the Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and Sarah his Wife, and Willlm Lechmcre and Elizabeth his Wife, did, according to their several and respective Shares ard Interests in the fain Manor and Premises, and by the Di ec-tion and upon the Nomination of the said Sir John Dashwood King (the Son), tdtified as therein mentioned, bargain, fell, and alfgn unto the said George Rowland Minjhull, his Executors, Administrators. and Assigns, all and every the Parts and Shares and Parc and Share of the said Elizabeth Dashwood, John Walcot the Son of the said Charles Walcot the 1 at,her, and Sarah his Wife, and William Lechmere and Elizabeth his Wife, and each and every of them, of and in the said Manor and other the Premises comprised in and demised by the said Indenture of the Thirteenth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three,

as

49° GEORGII III. i "5.

358i

as herein-befo"e is mentioned, with their Appurtenances, to held the fame but subject and charged as herein-before is mentioned unto the said George Rowland Minjhull, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for all the Residue and Remainder then to come and unexpirrd of the said Term of Nii'ety-nine Years, in Trust for the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and to assign and dispose of the fame respectively as he or they should direct or appoint:

And whereas the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son in the Year One iirueofsir thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, intermarried with Mary Broad- ^J^Ltash-head Spinster: And whereas the said Sir John Dashwood King the S in ,\t. hath Mue by her Five Sons, (videlicet,) George Henry Dashwood, now an Infant of the Age of Seventeen Years, or thereabouts, Francis Da/hwood, now an Infant of the Age of Sixteen Years, or thereabouts, John R.chard Dashwood, now an Infant of the Age of Thirteen Years, or thereabouts,.

Edwin Dashwood, now an Infant of the Age of Twelve Years, or thereabouts, and Hnry Dashwood, now an Infant of the Age of Eight Years, or thereabouts, and no other Son: And whereas the said Francis Dashwood the Devisee for Life under the Will of the said Francis Lord LeDsfpencer hath no Son: And whereas the said Charies Walcot the Father hath long since departed this L fe, leaving Issue Two Sons, namely, the said John Walcot h s eldest Son, and the said Charles Walcot his Second Son, and no other S n:

And whereas the said John Walcot, the eldest San of the said Charies Walcot the Father, some Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ei;hhtv-eight, intermarried with Sarah Dashwood Spinster, and hath Issue by her a Son called Charles Walcot, and no other Son: And whereas the said Charles Walcot, the second and only )ounge- Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, some Time in the Year One thousand eight hundred intermarried with Ann Tomkins, and hath Mue by her one Son called John Walcot, and no otiier Son: And whereas 'he laid John Walcot the Nephew of the said Francis Lord Le Dcfpencer, hat!: no llfue:

And whereas the said Francis Skipwith hath departed this Life without issue:

And whereas the said Thomas Lord Lc Defpencer, in the Year One thou- issueofLord land seven hundred an.i ninety-one, intermarried with Elizabeth Elliot, Le Defpencer, and hath llfue by her Four Sons, namely, the Honourable 'Thomas Staple-ton, the Honourable William Stapleton, the Honourable Miles John Stapleton, and the Honourable Francis Jarvis Stapleton, and no other Son: And whereas the said William Stapleton intermarried with Anna Maria Keppel, and hath had Mue by her Two Sons, namely, John Hor. ce Thomas Staple-ton and Francis William-Stapleton, and no other Son; and the said Francis William Stapleton died in the Month of March last pad: And whereas the said Charles Vere Dashwood, some Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, intermarried with Diana Dashwood-, and Charles Armand Dashwood is their eldest Son, who hath attained his Age of Twenty-one Years And whereas all of them the said Charles Walcot the Son of the said John Walcot, the eldest Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and the said John Walcot the Son of the said Charles Walcot, the Second Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and the said Tho- ' mas Stapleton, William Stapleton, Miles John Stapleton, Francis Jarvis Stapleton, and John Horace Thomas Stapleton, are under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said Anthony Todd, Richard Levett, and Daniel Macnamara, are all dead: And whereas all the Debts and Legacies charged on the said Estates devised by the Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer in case the Personal Estate should not be fuflkient for

i that

35S+

The Manor of Dunftun devised determined by the Will of Francis I ord Le Di spenccr, verted in Trustres,

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 176.

that Purpose, have been paid and discharged our of the Testator’s Personal Estate: And whereas the Ellare at Dunston aforesaid in the said County of Lincoln, devised by the said Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer is particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and the said Schedule shows the Annual Rent thereof: And whereas the said Estate in the said County of Lincoln lies detached, and at a Diitance from the other Estate devised by the Will of tile fanl Francis Lord Le Defpencer, and it is highly desirable that the said Estate at Dunston aforesaid should be fold, and the Money arising by the Sale thereof applied in the Discharge of the said Mortgage Debts of 1 hree thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, and Eight hundred and forty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence, and the interest thereof respectively; and that the Surplus thereof should be laid out in the Purchase of other Estates, 1; ing contiguous to or convenient to be held with the said other Estates devised by the said Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer; but by reason of the Limitations in drift Settlement contained in the said Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer the fame cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid or Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Sir John Daflswood King the Son, for himself and on the Behalf of the said George Henry Dafswood, Francis Dashwood, John Richard Dafowood, Edwin D Jhwood, and Henry Dashwood, and the said Francis Dashwood, and the said John Walcot the Son of the said Charles Wacot the F-ther, for himfe'f, and on the Behalf of the said Charles Walcot his Son, and the said Charles Walcot the Son for himself and on the Behalf of the said John Walcot his Son, and the said John Walcot the Nephew of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer, and the said Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, for himself and on the Behalf of the said Thomas Staple-ion, Wiliam S tap'et on. Mils John Stapleton, an A Francis Jarvis Stapleton, his Sons, and the said William Stapleton, for himself and on the Behalf of the said John Horace Thomas Stapleton his Sort, and the said Charles Vere Dashwood the Father and Charles Armand Dashwood the Son, for themselves respectively, do most humbly brfeech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and C.'turnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that the Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Dunston in the said County of Lincoln, and all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor or Lordship of Dunston, or in the Parish or Place of Dunsion in the said County of Lincoln, which were devised by the said Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer, and which by virtue of the Provisions contained in the said hemn-before in Part mentioned Act of Parliament, or either of them, have not been taken or divefled from the Devisecs of the Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer, with their respective Rights, Members and Appurtenances, and also all and singular the Meffusges or Tenements, Lands and Hereditaments which by virtue or under the Provisions of the said Acts, or either of them, have been assigned, allotted, or awarded to the said Devisees of the Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer, all which said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are intended to be particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Revession and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the fame Hereditaments, shall from and after the passing of this Act be vested in Charles

Butler

49° GEORGII III. CcCp.\j%. 3585

Butler of Lire In's Inn in the County of Middlfex, Esquire, and George Rowland Minjhull of Aft on Clinton in the County of Bucks, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, according to the Nature and Quality of the said Hereditaments; and absolutely and for ever freed and discharged of and from all an. Angular the Uses, Eftutes, Intails, Remainders, Limitations,

Trulls. Charges, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, which in and by the said Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer. or the said Acts of Parliament, or either of them, are subsiding or capable of taking Effect, in the said Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor or Lordship, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, and of and from the said Terms of Ninety-nine Years, One thousand Years, and One thousand Years respectively, but upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes and subject to such Provisoes and Declarations as are herein-after expressed and contained concerning the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That they the said Charles Butler, and who may fell George Rowland Minjhull, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and

Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall. as soon as conveniently may be, sell and dispose of all and Angular the said Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor or Lordship, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby veiled and lettled as aforesaid, either together or in Parcels, and either by Public Auction or Sale, or Private Contract, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof for such Price or Prices as to the said Charles Butler and George Rowland Minjhull, or the Survivor of them, or the Hirs or Assigns of such Survivor, shall seem reasonable; and do and shall upon Payment of the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies as herein-after is directed, convey and assure the Hereditaments so to be sold, with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, absolutely, or otherwise as he or they shall direct or appoint, freed and discharged as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sale or Sales and Conveyance Conr.,. of or Conveyances herein-before directed to be made, shall during the Lite of the Herson the said S r John Dashwood King (the Son) be made with the Consent in Writing of him the said Sir John Dashwood King (the Son), and after his necessary to Deceale shall be made with the Consent in Writing of the Person who for Si, Ic antl the Time being shall, under the Limitations and Devises contained in the '■'onve)ram-e-said Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer, be entitled to such of the

Estates thereby devised as are situate in the said Counties of Middlesex.,

Bucks, Oxford, and Kent, if such Person shall be of full Age, but if such Person shall be under Age, then with the Consent in Writing of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising from the said Purchase Sale or Sales as shall be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Money Hereditaments in Manner herein-after mentioned (that is to say), while

the said Sums of Three thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, and Eight ■hundred and forty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence, secured by the said Indentures of the Tenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the Twentieth Day of December One: thousand eight hundred and eight, or either of them, or any Part of the fame re-[Lec. b5 Per.J 39 Z spettively.

3586 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 176.

spectively, shall be due and owing to the said William Savage, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns. the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Hereditaments shall pay his or their Purchase-Money, or a competent Part thereof, in or towards the Discharge of the Sums of Three thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, and Eight hundred and forty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence, or such of them or such Part thereof, as is or are or shall be a Charge on the said Hereditaments comprised in the said Purchase or Purchases, and after the Payment and Discharge of the said Sums of Three thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, and Eight hundred and forty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence, the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Hereditaments shall pay his or their Purchase Money into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Coure of Chancery, ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Lincolnshire Estates of the said Francis Lord Le Dcfpencer, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth; and as soon as conveniently may be after such Monies shall have been so paid in as aforesaid, a competent Part thereof shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased therewith, if such Person or Persons '(hail be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his or their Guardian or respective Guardians during his or their Minority or respective Minorities, be applied in the Discharge of the Cods, Charges, and Expences of applying for and paihng this Act, and of the Steps preparatory thereto, and also the Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the Execution of the several Truds and Powers hereby created and given, and the Refidut or Surplus of such Monies, when so paid in, (h II upon a Petition to be preferred to the said laid Court of Chancery by the Person and in the Manner herein-brfore mentioned, be laid out and inverted under the Directions of the said Court in the Purchase of Manors, Meduages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of an Estate of Inheri ance in Fee Simple contiguous to or convenient to be held with im h of the said Estates devised by the said Will of the said Francis Lord LeDcfpencer as are situate in the said Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Oxford, and Kent, or some or one of them; and that all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall, under the Direction of the said Court, be conveyed, settled and assured, to, for, upon, and subject to such of the Uses, Estates, Ttuds, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations in the said Will of the said Francis Lord L- Dcfpenccr, and the said Indenture of the Thirteenth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and six'y-three, in like Manner as the said Dunston Estate was subject unto at and immediately before {he pa(Th,gof this Act, limited, expressed, created and declared of and concerning the said Manor or Loruship or re-puud Manor or Lordship, Messuageg, Lands, and other Hereditaments by this Act verted in the said 1 rultees, and their Heirs and Assigns, to be sold as aforesaid, as shall at the Time of such Purchase or Purchases be existing, undetermined and capable cf taking Effect.

Personsen- V. And be it further enacted,. That in the meantime and until such the CEftti«!:0y Sale ot Sales shall be made of the said Hereditaments hereby-made ifale-

till Sale. able

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 176. 35^7

able as aforesaid, they the said Charles Butler and George Rowland Minfhuil, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor shall permit and suffer the said Hereditaments and Premises, or io much thereof as shall from Time toTinie remain unfold, to b« held and enjoyed and the Rents, Blues, and Profits thereof to be had, received and taken by or for the Benefit of such Person or Persons as would have been entitled and ought to have held, received, and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That until a proper Purchase can be found Court of

upon which the Money arising from the said Sale or Sales can be laid out M

or inverted, the same shall from Time to Time be laid out and inverted, investment under the Directions of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of of Money tiff Navy or Victualling Bills or of Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising are made! from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General

in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy and Victualling and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved as before! directed, and until the fame shall, under the Direction of the said Court ot Chancery, be so ordered by the said Court to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing of such Purchase or Purchases; and if the Money arising by Sale of such Navy, Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in such Case only the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expences of the Application to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments directed to be purchased, in case the lame had been purchased pursuanc to this Act, or t<J the Rtpre-fentattves of such Person or Persons.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Certificate and payrnenr into Certificates of the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt the Bank to and Receipts of the Cashier of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and be certmed. therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England by such Purchaser or Purchasers of his,

her, or their Purchase Money or Purchase Monies, shall from Time to Time be and be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his, her, and their tespective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for so much of the said Purchase Money or Purchase Monies for which such Certificate and Certificates shall be given; and alter filing such Certificate or Certificates, and f uch Receipt or Receipts as aforesaid given, such Purchasr or Purchasers shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the lame Monies, and not be obliged to fee to the Application, nor be in any Manner answerable or accountable for the Lois, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That if the Appointment said Charles Butler and George Rowland Minjhuil, or either of them, or r nt?v Trnf-any Tiultee or Trustees to be appointed in the Stead of them or either of^"jifC&c.of

7 them

3588 496 GEORGII III. Cap. 176.

them as herein-after is mentioned, shall die or be desirous of being discharged from the Trusts hereby created, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented in a summary Way by the said Sir John Dafl.wood King the Son, during his Life, and alter his Decease by the Person or Persons so for the Time being entitled as herein-before is mentioned, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, or the Person or Persons acting as such during his, her, or their Minority or respective Minorities, to appoint the Person or Persons to be proposed in the said Petition, or any Person or Persons named by tf>e Court to be Trustee or Trustees in the Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, and thereupon the said Hereditaments and Premises hereby directed to be sold, or such of them as shall from Time remain unfold, shall with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner as to become legally and effectually veiled in such new Trustee or Trustees solely or jointly with the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees, as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall require, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes herein-before declared of and concerning the same, or such of them as shall be then subsisting and capable of taking Eficd; and such new Trustee or Trustees shall to all Intents, Effects, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, have all the Powers and Authorities of the Trustee or Tiufteesin whole Room he or they shall be luofttuted.

Exprnccsof IX, And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of befcttiedb’ Ch-ncery from Time to Time to make any Order for the taxing arid Order of the settling ail Cost% Charges, and Expences, which have been or shall be in-Cou.t of curred in obtaining and passing this Act, and of making the several Appli-uncery. cations to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and in making and completing the Sale and Sales of the Lands and Hereditaments hereby made falcable, and invelting all or any of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments according to the Diretdions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution, and from Time to Time to make an Order for Payment of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall arise 'from any Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments under this Act, and which shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by the Sale of the Navy, Victualling or Exchequ' r Bills to be purchased as aforesaid, and also to make any Order or Orders for the Appointment of any new Trustee or Trustees, and to make any other Urder, or give any other Direction or Directions Couching or concerning this Act, or the ca'rying the fame into Execution, or in any Manner touching or relating thereto,

c.fncral X. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and

Saving. Successors, and to nil and every other Person and Per ions, and Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Ad-mmiltrators and Assigns, (other than and except the said Sir John Dashwocd King the Son, and the said George Henry Lajhwood, Francis Dashwood, John Richard Dashwocd, Edwin Dashwood, and Henry Dashwood, the Buns of the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son, and the Heirs Male of

their

35& 9

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 176.

their respective Bodies, and any and every Son hereafter to be born to the said Sir John Dashwood King the Son, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of any and every fuel) Son, and the said Francis Dash-wood the Devi ee for Life under the Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer, and the fil'd and other Sons of him the said brands Dashvooood\ and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such last-mentioned Son and Sons, and the said John Walcot the elded Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and the said Chqrles Walcot the Son of the lad-named John Walcot, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and every Son and Sons hereafter to be born to the said lad-named John Walcot, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such last-mentioned Son and Sons, and the said Charles Walcot the Second Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and the said John Walcot the Son of the said Charles Walcot the Son, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the Sons and Son hereafter to be born to the said Charles Wallet the Second Son of the said Charles Walcot the Father, and the said John Walcot the Nephew of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer, and the fird and every other Son born or to be born to the lad-named John Walcot, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such last-mentioned Son and Sons, and ths said Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and the said Thomas Stapleton, William Stapleton, Miles John Stapleton, and Francis Jarvis Stapleton, the Sons of the said Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and the Heirs'Male of their several and respective Bodies, and the Son and Sons hereafter to be born to the said Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such last-mentioned Son and Sons, and the said William Stapleton the Brother of the said Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and the said John Horace Thomas Stapleton the Son of the said William Stapleton, and the Heirs Male of their several and respective Bodies, and the Son. and Sons hereafter to be born to the said William Stapleton, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of fifth lad mentioned Son and Sons, and the said Charles Vere Dafhwcod the Father, and the said Charles Armand Dashwood his Son, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and all other Sons of the said Charles Vere Dashwood the Father, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the right Heirs of the fai«t Francis Lord Le Defpencer, and the right Heirs of the said Sir John Da/h-wood king the Father, and all and every other Person or Persons claiming or to claim any Edate, Right, Title, Intered,- Inheritance, Use, Trud, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the several Hereditaments hereby made saleable as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the said Will of the said Francis Lord Le Defpencer, or any Limitation or Ciauie therein contained, other than and except the said Elizabeth Dntens, her F.xecutors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the said William Savage, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in respect of their said Mortgage Debts and the Intered of the fame respectively) all such Edate, Right, Title, or Intered of, in, to, or out of the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby veded and made saleable as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Evidence Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof clause-so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

[Lee. Ss9 Per.'}

40 A

The

359°

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 176

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

In ilie Parish of PunAon, in the County di Lincoln.

Quantity.

A. R. P. L S. d.

- 74 2 12 44 ■5 —

- * 23 3 14 20 5 3

- 4 O O 3 I 3

- 12 O I 1 IO 5 I

- O 3 1/ I 9 I

* - O O 3' I II 9

• 30 O 7 22 IO 8

- 3 3 r 3 >5 6

- I 2 34 I IO 9

- 1 2 *5 I 2 4

- S3 O O 49 2 —

• to 3 3 69 4

- 246 2 2 b 199 I S

- 281 I 3P 23b J5 3

208 2 >7 156 8 20

- 63 3 25 57 10 3

- 53 O 2b 47 >7 2

- O 12 33 5 9

v f . - - 62 0 28 46 '? 8

- t - 12 2 26 12 7 9

- 24 I 3*S >J r8 3

• - 252 3 IO 120 -

- 14 1 28 ’7 8 —

- 37 3 3° J7 7 —

- 4-1 2 26 37 9 IO

- 7i 1 16 6J 2 6

• >3 0 39 9 18 S

" / - 8 1 37 8 12 —

- 107 3 12 86 5 6

- 12 O 9 It 8 6

- II 2 21 9 7 6

- 2 I 1 31 12 I 1 —

- 2 I ‘9 3 6 —

- O 0 2 3 I 4 —

- 0 O 9 1 -

- O O 16 1 -

- O I -’4 1 16 —

- O O 33 1 6 —

- 0 0 1 2 I -

- 34 0 32 14 '4 —

and the Pillar Flan-

: - 34 I 27 25 18 4

i,i 89 2 3° J.473 4 iO

John Lupton William Young Edmund I.upton Henry Yates John Winter William Staple*

Joseph Sharp

William WelU, late Roe

John Howard’s Executors -

John J3mith

Thomas Hall

Ellis and Writtor.

Thomas Hall Thomas Foller John Howard's Executors John Eupton

William Wells, late Roe William Young

Joseph Sharpe George Wells

Henry Yates

Jonathan Robiufon

Johq Turner John Gaunt

James Becfon -

lid ward Parriih

Wr;!liam Staples

John Winter

Samuel Crupper * -

William Norton

John Newby -

Thomas Folter

John Smith

Ann Wife

John Staples

Ann Kirk

John Mettham

Elizabeth Hall

John Franklin

Thomas Jow

In Hand, the Water Meadoi tations

There is no Timber upon the F.state cf a proper Age 10 be cut; but there are Plantations of young thriving Wood, which are intimated to be worth about /.peo.

John Parkinson.

LONDON: Printed determined by Gtoaor I vifj and Andrew StraWanj Printers to ihe King’s most F.xcelL-nt Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 177.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates devised by the Will of Henry Partridge Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the like Uses.

[15th. June 1809.]

WHEREAS Henry Partridge, late of the Middle Temple, London, aoth May Esquire, by his last "Will and Testament in Writing, bearing 1801; Will Date the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred Henry

and one, after giving and devising to his Wife Katherine Partridge and °e re"

her Heirs for ever, his Dwelling-House and Estate at Cromer, in the County of Norfolk, gave and devised all his Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, (not therein otherwise disposed of nor comprized in his Marriage Settlement) unto his Brother-in-Law Jacob Reynardson and Randle Ford Esquire, one of the Six Clerks of the High Court of Chancery, and their Heirs; to the Use and Intent that his the said Testator’s Wife Katherine Partridge, or her Assigns, should and might receive out of the Rents and Profits thereof, one Annuity or clear yearly Rent-Charge' of Three hundred Pounds, for the Term of her natural Life, in Addition to and Augmentation of her Jointure, free of all Taxes and Deductions, payable Quarterly on the Days therein mentioned in every Year, by equal Portions; and the said Henry Partridge declared that his said Wife and her Assigns should have the like Powers [Lsr. & Per.~\ 40 B and

S594-

49° GEORGII III. Caf. t77.

and Remedies by Distress and Entry upon and holding of the said Premises for Recovery of the said Rent Charge when in Arrear, as are provided by his Marriage Settlement for the Recovery of the Rent Charge ol Five hundred Pounds thereby secured to her, and subject to the said Rent Charge, Powers, and Remedies; to the life and Intent that his the said Testator’s Brother Robert Partridge or his Assigns, should recc ve for his own Use out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the fame Hereditaments •and Pi entiles, one Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of Fifty Pounds for his natural Life, and from and after his Decease, to the Use and Intent that his the Testator’s Nephew Robert Partridge, Son of his said Bro: her Robert or his Assigns, should receive for his own Use out of the Rents, lft'ues, and Profits of the fame Hereditaments and Premises, a like Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of Fifty Pounds for his natural Life, the said Annuities or yearly Rent Charges of Fifty Pounds to be free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions, and to be payable Quarterly on the same Days as the Rent Charge to his the Testator's Wife was thereinbefore made payable; and the said Testatcr thereby declared, that his said Brother and Nephew should severally be entitled to the like Powers and Remedies for the Recovery of the fame Annuities or yearly Rent Charges, as he had declared his Wife to be entitled to for the Recovery of the Rent Charge therein before provided for her, and subject to the said Rent Charges, and the Remedies and Powers provided for securing the fame, to the Use of the said Jacob Reynardjon and Randle Ford, their Heirs and Assigns, until Ins Son Henry Samuel Partridge should attain the Age of Twenty-five Years, if he should so long live, upon certain Trulls therein exprefild, and from and immediately after the said Henry Samuil Partridge should have attained the Age of Twenty-five Years, to the Use of the said Henry Samuel Partridge and his Assigns, for the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Jacob Reynardfcn and Randle Ford, their Heirs and Assigns, during the Life of the said Henry Samuel Partridge, upon Trull to preserve the Contingent Remainders thereinafter limited from being defeated and destroyed; with Remainder to the Use of the first and other Sons of the said Henry Samuel Partridge severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail; with Remainder to the Use of the Daughter and Daughters of the said Henry Samuel Partridge, to be divided between or among them, if more than one, in equal Shares as Tenants in Common, and not as joint Tenants in Tail, with Cross Remainders between or among them in Tail, and for Default of such Hue, to John Anthony Partridge (Second Son of the said Testator,) and his Assigns during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Jacob Reynard]bn and Randle Ford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said John Anthony Partridge, in Trust by the usual Ways and Means to preserve the Contingent Remainders, and after the Decease of the said John Anthony Partridge, to the Use of the Sons of the said John Anthony Partridge severally and luccdlively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail, and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of all and every the Daughters and Daughter of the said John Anthony Partridge, to be divided between or among them, if more than one, in equal Shares as Tenants in Common, with Cross Remainders between or among them in Tail, and for Default of such Issue as to all and every his the Testatator’s Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, to which he had become

entitled

3595

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 177.

entitled under the Will of Anthony Champion Esquire, to the Use of his the 'lellator’s own right Heirs; and as to all and every other the Hereditaments therein-before devised to the said Jacob Reynardson and Randle Ford as aforesaid, to the Use of his the Testator’s Brother the said Robert Partridge, and his Assigns for his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the said Jacob ReynardJon and Randle Ford, their Heirs and Assigns, during the Life of the said Robert Partridge, in Trull by the uiual Ways to preserve the Contingent Remainders, and after his Decease, to the Use of his Sons severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male, and for Default of such IiTue, to the Use ot John Partridge, his the Testator’s other Brother, during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waite, with a Limitation to the said Jacob Reynardj'on and Randle Ford, their heirs and Assigns, during the Life of the said John Partridge, in Trull by the usual Ways to preserve Contingent Remainders, and after his Decease, to the Use of his First and every other Son severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male, and for Default of such Issue, to his the Testator’s own right Heirs; and the said Testator did thereby declare his Will and Meaning to be, that it should be lawful to and for the several Persons who should be Tenants for Life in the Hereditaments therein-before limited and settled, when and as they should severally come into and be in the attual Possession thereof, by virtue of or under the Limitations aforesaid by any Deed or Writing under then Hands and Seals respectively, attested by Two or more credible Witness’es to grant, limit, or appoint to or to the Use of any Woman or Women whom any such Tenant or Tenants for Life had or should thereafter marry for her or their Life or Lives in full or in Part only of her or their Jointure or Jointures, and in bar or without being in bar of her or their Dower, to take L ft eel immediately after the Death of the Person so being in Possession as aforesaid, and making such Appointment such annual Sums or yearly Rent Charges not exceeding the several annual Sums in tire fame Cases thereinafter for that Purpose mentioned, (that is to say) it should be lawful for his the Testator’s Two Sons respectively to grant, limit, and appoint as aforesaid any annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge not exceeding Four hundred Pounds during the Lifetime of his the Testator’s Wife, or Eight hundred Pounds after her Decease, free of all Taxes and Deductions, to be payable Quarterly, and to be secured by and issuing out of the said Hereditaments, (except his the said Testator’s said Estate in Essex) and with such Powers and Remedies for the recovering of such annual Rem Charge when in Arrear, and creating of such Term or Terms of Years for better securing the Payment thereof, as the Person or Persons making such Grant or Appointment might think fit, so nevertheless that there should not be Two Jointures created by virtue of the Powers therein-before given in being payable at one and the same Time; and the said Testator declared it to be his Will and Meaning, that it should be lawful for his said Sons respectively when they should respectively be in Possession of or intitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments therein-before limited to them respectively, and settled as aforesaid by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals respectively, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses to charge all and every or any of the Hereditaments so limited and settled as aforesaid (except his the said Testator’s said Estates in Essex) with the 8 raising

359^ 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 177.

raising and Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money as and for the Portion or Portions of all and every or any of the Child or Children of the Body of Rich Son, making such Charge other than and except his' elded or only Son, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fen thousand Pounds, and so that his the Testator’s said Estates should not be chargeable with more than the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds in the Whole for the Portions of the Daughters and younger Sons of both his the feilator’s said Sons, and for the raising thereof either during the Lifetime of the Son making such Charge, or after his Decease to create, limit, and appoint all or any of the said Hereditaments of which he should be in Possession, except as aforesaid, to the Use of one or more Trustees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, upon Trull to raile by and out of the Rents, Ilfues, and Profits, or by Mortgage or Sale of the Hereditaments to be comprized in such Term or Terms of Years for all or any Part of such Term, the Sum or Sums to be so charged thereon as aforesaid, together with lawful Interest for the fame, to be paid unto and divided amongst such Child or Children, in such Proportions and at such Ages or Times, and subject to such Contingencies or Limitations over, to, or amongst some one or more of such Children, as therein mentioned; and the said Tellator authorized and directed his said Trustees Jacob Reynardson and Randle Ford, their Heirs and Assigns, to keep the Lease of the Tythes of the Parish of Dray, in the County of Berks, held for Lives under the Bishop of Oxford, renewed as often as any Life during which the fame should from Time to Time be held should drop, and he thereby willed that every such renewed Lease should be held or settled to the same Uses, and subject to the fame Trusts as his Estates thereby devised to the said Jacob Reynardson and Randle Ford, other than his the Testator’s Estates in Fffex, should be then limited or subject unto by virtue of that his Will, so far as the Law would admit; and the said Testator appointed his said Wife and his said Brother Robert Partridge, Guardians of his said Children, during their respective Minorities, and appointed them his said Wife and his said Brother Robert Partridge, and 30th Drccm- the said Jacob Reynardson, Executors of his said Will: And whereas the Testator’* ^enry Partridge departed this Life on or about the Thirtieth Day of

December One thousand eight hundred and three: And whereas by an I2tf, ju]y Indenture of Three Parts, bearing Date on or about the Twelfth Day of 1805; Ar- July One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the said tidca previous Henry Samuel Partridge, of the First Part, the Reverend Luke Hejlop and of"’ Do"olby his Wife, and Mary Frances, now the Wife of the said Henry Henry Samuel Samuel Partridge, then Mary Frances Hejlop Spinster, of the Second Part, Partridge Ef- and Sir John Nicholl Knight, Henry Burrell Esquire, Barrister at Law', 3u*re* John Fane Esquire, and Harry Calvert, Adjutant General of His Majesty’s

Forces, of the Third Part, being the Settlement and Articles executed and entered into previously to the Marriage then intended to be and since solemnized between the said Henry Samuel Partridge and the said Mary Frances Hejlop, his now WTife, after reciting the said Will of the said Henry Partridge, it is witnessed, that in Consideration of the said then intended Marriage, and for other the Considerations mentioned in the said Indenture, he the said Henry Samuel Partridge did covenant with the said Sir John Niehcll, Henry Burrell, John Fane, and Harry Calvert, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, that he the said Henry Samuel Partridge would when and as soon as he should attain his Age of Twenty-

five

3597

49° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 177.

five Years, by feme Deed or Writing under his Hand and Sea!, atteffed by Two or more credible Witnesses or otherwise, to be duly executed and aireded pursuant to his Power in that Behalf, grant, limit, or appoint to or to the Use of the said Mary Frances, now the Wife of the said Henry Samuel Partridge, for her Life in full for her Jointure, and in bar of lic-r Dower, one annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds, or several Annuities or yearly Rent Charges to the Amount of Six hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain and Ireland, current in Great Britain, to commence and take Effect as to Four hundred Pounds a Year Part thereof, from and immediately after the Decease of the said Henry Samuel Partridge, and as to Two hundred Pounds a Year Residue thereof, from and after the Death of the Survivor of him the said Henry Samuel Partridge and Katherine Partridge his Mother, such Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds, or several Annuities or yearly Rent Charges to the Amount of Six hundred Pounds, to be payable Quarterly, and to be charged upon and issuing out of all the Hereditaments subjected to the said Power by the said Will of the said Henry Partridge, and with such or the like Powers of Distress and Entry upon the fame Hereditaments for recovering the said Annuity or yearly Rent Charge, or Annuities or yearly Rent Charges when in Arrear, as were given, for securing and raising the Annuity or yearly Rent Charge therein-after limited, to the Use of the said Mary Frances Partridge, and also that the said Henry Samuel Partridge should as soon as he should attain his Age of Twenty-five Years by feme Deed or Writing under his Hand and Seal, atteffed by Two or more credible Witnesses, or to be in feme other Manner duly executed and atteffed pursuant to his Power in that Behalf, charge all the Hereditaments subject to the said Power of raising Portions for his younger Children with the Payment of the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, as and for the Portion or Portions of the Child or Children of the then intended Marriage (other than and except an eldest or only Son,) and to be paid to such Child or Children at such Time or Times and in such Manner, and to be subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as are therein-after declared concerning the Sum of Six thousand Pounds therein-after directed to be raised, and that for raising and paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent Charge, or Annuities or yearly Rent Charges by way of Jointure, and also the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds, the said Henry Samuel Partridge would limit and appoint the Hereditaments which should be charged with the Payment of the fame respectively unto the said Sir John Nieholl, Henry Burrell, John Fane, and Harry Calvert, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, upon Trust by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to raise the said Annuity or yearly Rent Charge, or several Annuities or yearly Rent Charges, to be appointed as aforesaid from Time to Time, when and as the fame should become due, ind pay the fame unto the said Mary Frances Partridge, and her Assigns, during the Term of her natural Life, and subject: thereto upon Trust by all or any of the Ways and Means aforesaid, to raise the Sum of Six thousand Pounds thereby covenanted, to be appointed for the Portion or Portions of the younger Child or Children of the said intended Marriage, with lawful Interest for the fame, and to pay the same to such Child or Children accordingly, in such Manner as therein-after directed r \Loc. £5" PerJ] 40 C And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. r77.

And whereas the said Henry Samuel 'Partridge on or about the Seven, teenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, intermarried-with the said Mary Frances Hejlop, now his Wife, and attained his Age of Twenty.five Years on or about the Twenty-second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas by an Indenture of Three Parts, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and made between the said Henry Samuel Partridge, of the First Part, the said Mary Frances his Wife, then late Mary Frances Hejlop Spinster, of the Second Part, the said Sir John Nichcll, Henry Burrell, John Fane, and llarry Calvert, of the Third Part, after reciting the said Will of the said Henry Partridge, and the said in part recited Indenture of the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, it is witnessed, that in pursuance and part Performance of the Covenant or Agreement of the said Henry Samuel Partridge, contained in the said Indenture of the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, the said Henry Samuel Partridge by virtue of the Power or Authority given, limited, or referred to him, in or by virtue of the said Will of the said Henry Partridge, and also by virtue and in Exercise and Execution of all and every other Power and Powers, Authority or Authorities enabling the said Henry Samuel Partridge in that Behalf, did direct, limit, and appoint unto the said Mary Frances Partridge, and her Alfigus, one annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge of Four hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain and Ireland, current in Great Britain, to be charged and chargeable upon and ilfuing out of all the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, devised by the said Will of the said Henry Partridgey and which the said Henry Samuel Partridge was by the fame Will authorized or empowered to charge with the said annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge, (except as in the fame Will is excepted being the Hereditaments in Essex,) and the fame annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge to commence from and after the Death of the said Henry Samuel Partridge, and to continue during the joint Lives of the said Katherine Partridge and Mary Francis Partridge, and also one other annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds of like lawful Money to be charged and chargeable upon and issuing out of the fame Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, and the same to commence from and after the Death of the Survivor of the said Henry Samuel Partridge and the said Katharine Partridge, and continue thenceforth during the natural Life of the said Mary Frances Partridge, the fame several annual Sums or yearly Rent Charges of Four hundred Pounds and Six hundred Pounds respectively, to be payable and paid as therein mentioned, and to be for the Jointure of the said Mary Frances Partridge, and in lieu and bar of her Dower, and with usual Powers and Remedies of Distress and Entry, and of Detention of Possession and Perception of Rents, Issues, and Profits, for recovering and enforcing he Payment of the fame when in Arrear; and it was by the fame Indenture also witnessed, that in pursuance and further Performance of the therein and hei ein-before recited Covenant and Agreement of the said Henry Samuel Partridge, and by virtue and in exercise of the Power or Authority given, limited, or reserved to him in that Behalf, he the said Henry Samuel Partridge did by the said Indenture now in recital, direct, limit, and appoint, that the Sum of Six thousand

Pounds

3599

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 177.

Pounds and Interest on that Sum should be charged and chargeable for the Portions of the Children of the said Marriage of the said Henry Samuel Partridge, by the said Mary Frances his Wife, other than and except an elcielt or only Son, on the Manors and other Hereditaments, which by the Will of the said Henry Partridge he the said Henry Samuel Partridge was empowered to charge with such Portions, except the Hereditaments in the fame Will excepted, being the Hereditaments in F.ffex •, and that the same Sum of Six thousand Pounds and Interest should be raised, paid, and applied in such Manner, and should be subjtfl to such Contingencies and Limitations over, as were contained concerning the same in the Trulls thereinafter declared concerning the Term of Five hundred Years thereinafter appointed or created, or as near thereto as might be and the Circumstances of the said Power and the right of raising Portions would admit; and it was by the fame Indenture further w itnefled, that for the better and more effectually securing the said Charges of Four hundred Pounds and Six hundred Pounds thereby appointed to the said Mary Frances Partridge, and her Assigns for her Life, and for further securing the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds thereby appointed to be raised as and for the Portions of the younger Children of the said Marriage, he the said Henry Samuel Partridge in further Exercise and Execution of the Power and Authority given and reserved to him in Manner aforesaid, did by the said Indenture now in recital executed by him and attested as aforesaid, limit and appoint unto the said Sir John Nicholl,. Henry Burrell, John Fane, and Harry Calvert, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and singular the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereby charged or made chargeable with the said Rent Charges of Four hundred Pounds and Six hundred Pounds thereby limited and appointed, and also with the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds thereby limited and appointed to be raised for Portions for the younger Children of the said Marriage as aforesaid, to hold the fame subject and without Prejudice to the said yearly Rent Charge of Three hundred Pounds, payable to the said Katherine Partridge for her Life as aforesaid, and all Powers and Remedies for securing the fame, and also subject and without Prejudice to the said annual Sums or yearly Rent Charges of Four hundred Pounds and Six hundred Pounds thereby appointed or intended so to be, unto the said Sir John Ntcholl, Henry Burrell, John Fane, and Harry Calvert, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from and after the Death of the said Henry Samuel Partridge for the Term of Five hundred Years, without Impeachment of Waste, upon Trull in the first Place for securing to the said Mary Frances Partridge and her Assigns, the due and regular Payment of the said annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge of Four hundred Pounds, or as the Case should require Six hundred Pounds thereby provided for the said Mary Frances Partridge during the Continuance thereof respectively, and subject thereto upon Trull for securing and raising the Sums of Money and Interest therein directed to be raised for the Portions of the younger Children of the said Marriage: And whereas the said Henry Samuel Partridge hath Issue by the said Mary Frances his Wife, Louisa Katharine Partridge, Henry Champion Partridge, and Charlotte Anne Partridge, all of them Infants of tender Years, and no other Child:

And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 177.

A fid whereas the said John Anthony Partridge the said Second Son of the: laid Henry Partridge is an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the fold Robert Partridge, the Brother of the said llentf Partridge intermarried with Jane Pureas his now Wife, on or about the Eighth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and has Issue by her Robert Partridge, his only Son, an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and no other Male Issue: And whereas the said John Partridge, the other Brother of the said Henry Partridge, hath no Male Issue: And whereas the chief Estate and the Bulk of the Estates devised by the Will of the said Henry Partridge, are situate in the several Parishes of Northivold, CranvAch, and Met/nvold, in the said County of Norfolk: And whereas certain Parts of the fame devised Estates consist of Six Pieces of Pallure Land in the Pari 111 of Northwoldy in the said County of Norfolk, and of Two Pieces of Arable Land, containing together about Seven Acres, in the said Parish of Narthwold, which several Pieces or Parcels of Land are at a Distance and lie detached from the said principal Estates, and from each other: And whereas other Parts of the said devised Estates consist of a certain Farm in the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks, and of the Tythes of the Parish of Bray, held under Lease for Lives from the Right Reverend Father in God, the Lord Bishop of Oxford, and of certain Farms called Najls Hall and Warley Hall, in the Parishes of Ongar and Warley, in the said County of Essex: And whereas it would be greatly for the Advantage of the several Persons beneficially interested in the Estates deviled by the Wili of the said Henry Partridge, if the said detached Pieces or Parcels of Land in the County of Not folk, and also the said Tythes, Hereditaments, and Premises in the said several Counties of Berks and Essex, were veiled in Trustees in Trust to sell the same, and to invest the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Estates more convenient to be held with the said principal Estates in the County of Norfolk, and to settle the Estates so to be purchased to the Uses subsisting or capable of taking Effect:, under the Will of the said Henry Partridge, and the said Indenture of the Twenty-fourth Day of fune One thousand eight hundred and seven, in the Estates proposed to be sold: but by Reason of the Limitations, Trusts, and Charges contained in the said Will, and the said Indenture of the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Katherine Partridge for herself, and the said Henry Samuel Partridge for himself, and on Behalf of the said Louisa Katherine Partridge, Henry Champion Partridge, and Charlotte Anne Partridge, his Infant Children, and the said Mary Frances Partridge for herself, and the said Robert Partridge the Father for himself, and on the Behalf of the said Robert Partridge his only Son, and the said John Partridge, for himself, and the said Katherine Partridge and Robert Partridge the Father, on the Behalf of the said John Anthony Partridge, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 177. 3&01

That the said Six Pieces of Pasture Land in the said Pari Hi of Norlhu'old, Premise* in the said County of Norfolk, and the said Two Pieces of Arable Land m

containing about Seven Acres, in Northwsld aforesaid, and the said Farm vc!iecj in the Parish of Bray, in the said Couniy of Berks, and the said Tythes Tmltees to held under Lease for Lives from the Bifltop of Oxford, and the said be f<d<L Farms called Nash Hall and Warley Hall, in the said Parishes of On'gar and Warley, in the said County of Essex, with their several and respective Rights and Appurtenances, a Particular of which Farms, Pieces or Parcels of Land, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, is annexed by way of Schedule to this present Act; and also all and singular Houses, Out-houses, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Timber, and other Trees, Ways,

Paths, Passages, Eaiements, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privilege?, Hereditaments, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the fame Farms, Pieces or Parcels of Land, and other Hereditaments, otto any of them or any Part thereof belonging, or in anywise appertaining or with the fame or any of them, or any Part thereof, now held, used, occupied or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken or known as Part or Parcel thereof, or of any Part thereof, shall immediately from and after the passing of this Act, be veiled in and settled ppon, and the same are hereby absolutely veiled in and settled upon the said Robert Traded Partridge and John Partridge, their Heirs and AlTigns, to the Use of them the said Robert Partridge and John Partridge, their Heirs and Alligns, according to the Nature and Quality of the fame Hereditaments respectively, for ever freed and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of and from all and singular the Uses, Estates, Intails, Remainders, Charges, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Declarations, Covenants, and Agreements, in and by the said Willtaf the said Henry Partridge, and the said Indentures of the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ftven, limited, expressed, or declared of and concerning* the said Farms, Pieces and Parcels of Land, and other Hereditaments, and every or any Part or Parcel of the fame, but nevertheless upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations herein-after expressed and contained of and concerning the same, (that is to say), upon Trull that they the said Robert Partridge and John Partridge, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall as loon as conveniently may be, with the Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons who according to the Uses limited or declared by the said Will of the said Henry Partridge would if this present Act had not passed, have for the Time being been entitled to the actual Freehold of the said Farms and other Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, if such Person or Persons shall have attained his, her, or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty-one Years, but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then with the Approbation in Writing of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, make Sale and dispose of the said Farms, Pieces or Parcels of Land, Tythes, and other Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, or any Part thereof either together or in Parcels, and either by public Auction or private Contraft unto any \_Loc, & Per.~\ 40 D Person

3602 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 177.

Person or Persons willing to purchase the fame, for such Price or Prices m Money as to them or him shall appear reasonable; and upon Payment into the Bank in Manner herein-after. mentioned of the Purchase Money for which the fame Hereditaments or any Part or Parts thereof shall be lb fold, do and shall convey and allure the fame Hereditaments so to be sold and disposed of as aforesaid, according to the Nature and Quality of the fame respectively, unto or to the Ufecf the Purchaser crPurchafers of the said Hereditaments, his, her, or their Heirs and Alligns, or as he or they shall direct or appoint.

Monies tc arise from the Sales to be paid into the Bank of England pursuant to the Act of ■ George J.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall aril'e from the Sales made ill pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Sales shall be made into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchasers of the Estates of Henry Samuel Partridge Esquire, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth, there to remain until the same shall upon a Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who according to the Uses limited by the said Will of the said Henry Partridge, would if this present Act had not puffed, have been lor the Time being entitled to the actual Freehold of the Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out in the Purchase of Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may respectively be approved of by the said Court of Chancery, as being convenient to be holden or enjoyed with the Bulk of the said Hereditaments, devised by the said Will of the said Henry Partridge; and upon or from and immediately after the making of such Purchase or Purchases, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall under the Direction of the said Court be conveyed, settled, and allured to, for, and upon the Uses, Fruits, intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Declarations, and Agreements, in and by the said Will of the said Henry Partridge, or the said Indenture of the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousanc eight hundred and seven, expressed or contained of or concerning the Heredita-men s from the Sale of which the Money so to be invested in Purchases as aforesaid, shall have been produced, or as near thereto as the Nature or Tenure of the Property, the Rules of Law and Equity, and the Deaths of Parties, or other intervening Circumstances will admit.

Till the

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall Money is laid be paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General in out in the Manner herein-before directed, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered

purthhc or 7 ,

■ bX

49° GGEORGII III. Cdp. 177.

3603

by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Cod?, Lands, to be Charges, and Expences, according to the Direction herein-after contained, shall in the Meaniime and until the fame Monies shall be inverted in the s>

Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid out under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling, or Transport or Exchequer Bills, and the Intcrefi a riling from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling, or Transport or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received from the same as they shall be respectively paid oft' by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling, or Transport or Exchequer Bills; and all the said Navy or Victualling, or Transport or Exchequer Bills ft'.all be deponted in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until proper Purchases shall be found and approved as herein-before directed, and until the same shall upon Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so to be purchased, be ordered to be sold f

by the said Accountant General for the completing any Purchase or Purchases hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said. Court shall think just and hired; and if the Money arising by the Sale of any such Navy or Victualling, or Transport or Exchequer Bills which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, in case the fame had been actually purchased, or to the Representative of such Person or Persons as Part of his, her, or their Personal Estate.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may The Court of be lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time, at the Dif- Chancery to cretion of the said Court, to make or give any Orders or Directions for make 9rders taxing or settling the Cods, Charges, and Expences which shall have been incurred preparatory to, and in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, or in making the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance of the fame, or in making and completing the Sales and Purchases hereby authorized, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution, and for Payment of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences out of the Monies which shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy or Victualling, or Transport or Exchequer Bills to be purchased as aforesaid, and generally to make such Orders and give such Directions touching or concerning the Trusts and Purposes of this present Act, and the carrying of the lame into Execution, as the said Court of Chancery shall deem necessary, proper, or expedient.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of Receipt of the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of Caftlier to be

one of the C.alhiers of the Bank of England, to be thereto annexed, and \3°,k1 Dir‘

* , ’ IT charge to Pur*

9 therewith chafer*

3604. 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 177.

therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery of the Payment into the Bank of England, by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, of his, her, or their Purchase Money, shall from Time to Time be effectual Releases for the fame, and discharge the Purchaser or Purchasers paying the fame from being answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or liable to fee to the Application thereof.

Until Sales VI, And be it further enacted, That in the Meantime and until such the Rents and Sales shall be made as aforesaid of the Hereditaments hereby authorized received'b to they the said Robert Partridge and John Partridge, and the

th^Persons Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Alligns of such Survivor, shall per-for the Time mit and suffer the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments to be had, being entitled received, and taken by such Person or Persons as would respectively have to the fame, been entitled and ought to have had, received and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

General VII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and to His

Saving. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Katherine Partridge, and the said Henry Samuel Partridge and Mary Frances his Wife, and all and"every the Sons and Son now born or hereafter to be born to the said Henry Samuel Partridge, and the Heirs of the Bodies and Body of such Sons and Son respectively, and all and every the Daughters and Daughter now born or hereafter to be born to the said Henry Samuel Partridge, and the Heirs of the Bodies and Body of such Daughters and Daughter re-ipeftively; and the said John Anthony Partridge, and the Son and Sons born and to be born to the said John Anthony Partridge, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, and the Daughter and Daughters born and to be born to the said John Anthony Partridge, and the Heirs of her and their Body and respective Bodies; and the said Robert Partridge the Father, and all and every the Sons and Son now born or hereafter to be born to the said Robert Partridge the Father, and the Heirs of the Bodies and Body of such Sons and Son respectively; and the said John Partridge, and all and every the Sons and Son now born or hereafter to be born to the said John Partridge, and the Heirs of the Bodies and Body of such Sons and Son respectively; and the right Heirs of the said Henry Partridge; and all and every other Persons and Person whotnsoever, having or claiming, or who shall hereafter have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in the Hereditaments veiled and settled as herein belore is mentioned, or in any Part thereof, under the said Will of the said Henry Partridge, or the said Indentures of the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven,) all such Estate, Right, Title, Iaterest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Hereditaments and Premises, and every or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could have had, held, or enjoyed, in cale this Act had not been made.

49*

VIII. And be ii the Printer to the so printed, shall be and others.

tiu. Esf Per.]

GEORG 11 111. Cap. 177. 3605

: further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Act printed King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Just ices,

40 E

The

3606 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 17 7.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act

PREMISES.

House, Buildings, Yard,.. Garden, and Orchard, I and fevcial Closes or( Parcels of Land, Arable, f Meadow, and Pasture, \ called Naih Hall Farm J

House, Buildings, Yard,. Garden and Orchard, I and several Closes or ( Parcels of Land, Arable, j Meadow, and Failure, \ called Warley Hall FarmJ

House, Buildings, Yard,. Garden, and Orchard, I and several Closes or { Parcels of Land, Arable, I Meadow, and Failure, j called Lowbrooks Farm J

The Great Tythes of the A Parish of Bray, held by I Lease for Lives under j the Bishop of Oxford J

A Piece of Pailure Land -

A Piece of Pailure Land -

A Piece of PaCure Land -

A Piece of Pasture Land") called Hovell’s - i

A Piece of Pailure Land 7 called Alms House Close j

A Piece of Pasture Land lately enclosed, being Part of a Common called Church Fen

andy

ing I

lied j"

A Piece of A rable Land 7 called Holm Yard J

A Close of Arable Land 1 called Pinfold Close - J

Quantities little more or less. Animal Rents. Names of Tenants.

A. t. r. t£ J. d.

209 2 9 L5J Jo 0 Joseph Miller

*29 j 4 J 210 O O Alexander Parker

*89 3 13 270 O O Henry Newell -

- m

0 5 5° Dr. Waddington

III 2 & 0 William Watkins

t 3 20 4 4 -0 \ Thomas King

8 0 0 416 0 Thomas Thurlow

1 3 16 1 4 0

6 3 21 440 W. Thimblethorpe

5 3 0 2176 Thomas Thurlow

2 0 0 140 J

' High Ongar, in the County of Essex.

{Warley, in the County of Essex.

fBray, in the County I of Berks.

Bray.

Northwold, in the

JOHN ATMORE, so JOSEPH JAGGER,

far as relates to the Norfolk Part of the Estate. so far as relates to the Berkshire and Essex Eflatei.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

A

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 178.

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Estates devised or limited to strict Uses by the Will of the Right Honourable William late Lord Craven deceased, and situate in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in discharge of an Incumbrance subsisting thereon, and forlaying out the Residue cf such Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable William late Lord Craven Baron Craven of /iampstead Marshall in the County of Berks, being at the Time of the Date and Execution of hii Will herein-after mentioned, and also at the Time of his Decease seised of or otherwise well entitled to the Manors of Wajhbourne otherwise Great Wash-lourne, Purton, Elmbridge, Tredington, Withybridge, Mytbe, Mithecok, Ellkstine otherwise Elstone, Gotheringtvn, Pamington, and Prestbury, in the County of Gloucester, and divers Messuages, harms. Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments fnuate in the same County, (subject to the Mortgage then subsisting on certain Parts thereof and herein-after mentioned), made and pubhlhed his lait Will and Testament, bearing Date the Ninth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and by him executed in such Manner as by Law is prescribed for ren-[Loc. y Per.] 40 F dering

Will of Lord Craven.

3610

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 178.

dering valid the Devises of real Estates, whereby he devised to the Right Honourable Willoughby then Earl of Abingdon, and the Reverend William 1Sandy! of Saint Minver, in the County of Cornwall Clerk, and their Heirs, all his Manors, Rectories, Advowsons, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Gloucester, but subject ro the Mortgage for Ten thousand Pounds on Part thereof, to the Right Honourable Thomas then late Lord Middleton, (and which Sum of Ten thousand Pounds is therein mentioned to be then due to the Executrix of him the said Thomas Lord Middleton'), to the several Uses and upon thej several Trusts following; (that is to lay), to the Use, Intent, and Purpose that his the Testator’s Son the Honourable Richard Keppel Craven might receive during his Life the several Annuities or yearly Rent Charges therein and herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), until he should attain the Age of Twelve Years an Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of One hundred Pounds, and from and after the Age of Twelve Years to the Age of Seventeen Years, One hundred and fifty Pounds a Year, and from the Age of Seventeen Years to the Age of Twenty*one Years Two hundred Pounds a Year, and from and after he should attain the Age ot Twenty-one Years an Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of Three hundred Pounds during his Life, such several yearly Sums to be paid half-yearly at the Times and in the Manner therein mentioned, and with fitch Powers and Authorities for enabling him the said Richard Keppel Craven and his Assigns and his Guardians, during his Minority to recover and obtain Payment of all Arrears of the said several Annuities or yearly Sums as are therein respectively contained, and fub-jets as aforesaid to the Use of the Right Honourable Frederick Augustus Earl of Berkeley, Hcneage Earl of Aylesford, Philip Lord Vifi ount Wenntan and John Walker Rene ge, their Executors, Admi.istrators, ar d Assigns, for the Term of One hundred Years, to be computed from his the Testator’s Decease, upon Trufl by the Ways a d Means therein mentioned, for better securing unto the said Richard Keppel Craven, his Guardians and Assigns, the due Payment of the said several Annuities or yearly Sums durirg his Life, and subject thereto, to the Use of his the Testator’s Second Son the Honourable Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven, for and during the Term of his natural Life without Impeachment of or for any Manner of Wade, and with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and charghg Portions for Younger Children as are therein contained, with Remainder to the Use of the said Willoughby Earl of Abingdon and William Sandys and their Heirs during his Life, upon Trust to support the contingent Remainders therein-after limited, with Remainder to the Use of the first and of all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven severally and successively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Use of his the said Testator’s Third Son the said Richard Keppel Craven and his Assigns during the Term of ltis natural Life, without Impeachment of or for any Manner of Waste, in like (bid Settlement, and with the like Powers of leafing, jointuring, and charging Portions for younger Children, with Remainder to the Use of the First and of all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of him the said Richard Keppel Craven successively in Tail Male, and for Default of such Issue to the Use of his the said Testator’s own Right Heirs for ever; provided always, and the said leftator declared, that the Life Estate, Powers, and Limitations therein-before by him devised and li-mitted to his said Son Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven and his First 2 and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 178. 3611

and other Sons and the Heirs Male of their tespective Bodies fucccffively, of and in his Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Oku. cejier, should be subject to the Proviso or Condition therein-after con-tamed; (that is to say), that in case his’ the said Testator's eldest: Son William Craven (now the Right Honourable William Earl of Craven), should depart this Lite without leaving One or more Son or Sons of his Body, or having such Son or Sons if he or they should die before the Age of Twenty-one Years, so that his said Son Henry Augufius Berkeley Craven, or any Son of his Body under the Age of Twenty-one Years should become his the said Testator’s eldest: Son, then and in such Case the Estate and interest of his said Son He ivy Augustus Berkeley Craven, and the Estate and lncerelt of his First and other Sons and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, of and in the said Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Gkucester, subject as aforesaid, should cease, determine, and be void, and thereupon the fame Premises subject as aforesaid should immediately go to and vest in the said Richard Keppel Craven, or such Person and Persons as by virtue of his said Will would be entitled to the fame Premises, in case his said Son Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven was actually dead without Issue and unmarried: And whereas the said Tdlater departed this Life on or about the Twenty-sixth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, without revoking or altering his said Will, and leaving the said William Craven (now William Earl of Craven) his eldest Son and Heir at Law, and the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven, and Richard Keppel Craven, his only younger Sons, all of whom have attained the Age of Twenty-one Years and are now living, and the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven and Richard Keppel Craven are both of them unmariied: And whereas the said Philip Lord Wenman died on or about the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred: And whereas the said John Walker Heneage also died on or about the Seventh Day of March One thousand eighc hundred and six; whereby the said Frede ick Augustus Earl of Berkeley and Heneage Earl of Aylesford are become the surviving Trustees of the said Term of One hundred Years for better securing the several Annuities or yearly Sums herein-before mentioned to the said Richard Keppel Craven: And whereas under or by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Will, the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven is now in the actual Possession of the several Manors and Hereditaments situate in the County of Gloucester, and so thereby deviled or limited as aforesaid; but the said Manors of Elm-bridge, Elitone, and Prestbury, and divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying or being within or near the fame Manors respectively, and being Part of the said devised Estates, were at the T.ime of making the said Will at the Death of the said Testator, and itill are subject to the Residue of a certain Term of One thousand Years thereof originally demised or granted to Richard Bagot Esquire, by Way of Mortgage for securing the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest for the fame, by an Indenture bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and made between the said Tellator of the One Part and the said Richard Bagot of the other Part: And whereas by an Indenture tripartite of Alignment Indenture bearing Date the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand seven hundred ,?7*-

and seventy eight, arid made between the said Richard Bagot of the First Parc, the said Testator William Lord Craven of the Second Part, and the

3612

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 178.

the said Thomas late Lord Middleton of the Third Part, all and every the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized in the said Mortgage Term of One thousand Years, were assigned and confirmed unto the said Thomas Lord Middleton, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the then Residue of the fame Term, by way of Mortgage lor securing the Payment to him and them of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest for the fame, at the Times and in Manner therein mentioned, and which Sum of Ten thousand Pounds remained due to the Estate of the said Thomas Lord Middeton at the Time of making the before recited Will: And whereas by a certain other Indenture of Assignment bearing Date the Twenty-third Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, and made between the mo ft Noble Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle of the One Part, and John Dent and John Womiald both of Temple-Bar London Esquires, of the other Part, after reciting the said Indenture of Mortgage of the Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and also reciting that under and by virtue of divers mesne Assignmencs and Assurances good and valid in the Law, all and singular the said Manors, Messuages. Farms, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises mentioned and comprized in the said Indenture of Mottgage of the Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, with their Appurtenances, and also the said Principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof, then and thereafter to become due and payable for the fame, were assigned and allured unto the said Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to hold the said Manors and Hereditaments unto the said Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Remainder of the said Term of One thousand Years, and to hold, receive, take, and enjoy the said Principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof and all other Securities for the fame, unto the said Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for his and their own Use and Benefit, subject nevertheless as to the said Manors and Hereditaments, to such Equity of Redemption as the fame were then subject: to, on Payment of the said Principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest, under or by virtue of the before recited Indenture of the Twenty-fourth Day of May One- thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and also reciting that the Reversion of the said Hereditaments expectant on the Determination of the said Term of One thousand Years, and the Equity of Redemption thereof, were then vested in the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven, (therein called the Honourable Berkeley Craven), and that the said Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle having required Payment of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest, and it not being convenient to the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven, (therein called Berkeley Craved), todischarge the fame, he had requested the said John Dent and John Wormdd to advance him the fame, which they lud agreed to do upon the Security therein-after contained; it was by the said Indenture witnessed, that in Consideratioti of the Premises and of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, paid to the said Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle by the said John Dent and John Wor mold, he the said Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle did bargain, fell and allien unto the said John Do t and John IVormdd, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all and every the said Manors, Melfioige1, or Tenements, Farms, Lands, EicreUitaments and Premises mentioned and cwnpnfed, or referred to in

and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i 78.

and by the said Indenture of Mortgage, of the Twenty.fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances; and also the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds so fscured, and then so due and owing to him, the said Henry Pelham Duke of Newcastle as aforesaid, together with all Interest due for the fame, and all Securities, Powers, and Remedies vested in him for the recovering, receiving, calling in, and compelling Payment of the same Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest, or any Part thereof respectively, to hold the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and all and singular other the Prernifes mentioned and comprized in the said Indenture of the Twenty-fourth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and thereby assigned, with their Appurtenances, unto the said John Dent and John Wormold, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from thenceforth for and during all the Residue of the said Term of One thousand Years created in and by the fame last-mentioned Indenture, and to hold, receive, take and enjoy the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds then due and owing and secured as aforesaid with Interest for the fame, and all and every the Powers and Remedies for recovering and receiving the fame unto the said John Dent and John Wormold, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for their own proper Use and Benefit, subject nevertheless as to the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and-Hereditaments, to such or the like Equity of Redemption as the fame Manors and Hereditaments were subject and liable to under or by virtue of the fame lalf-mentioned Indenture, on Payment by the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven (therein called Berkeley Craven), or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Reversion of the said Prernifes expectant on the Determination of the said Term, to the said John Dent and John Wormold or either of them, their or either of their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, with Interest for the lame, after the Rate and in the Manner mentioned, contained and declared in the said last-mentioned Indenture: And whereas the said Principal Sum or Mortgage Debt of Ten thousand Pounds now remains due and owing upon or by virtue of the said last-mentioned Assignment, but the said John Dent and John Wormold paid and advanced such Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and accepted of the said Assignment at the particular Request and for the temporary Accommodation only of the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven, and on his Assurance that the fame should be speedily paid off and discharged: And whereas the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven is accordingly desirous that the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized in the said Term of One thousand Years should be exonerated from the said Mortgage Debt or Sum of Ten thousand Pounds so now remaining charged thereon as aforesaid; and in as much as certain detached or outlying Parts of the Messuages, Farm-, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, deviled or limited by the said Will, and situate in the said County of Gloucester, may be now sold to great Advantage and without interfering with the mod valuable and compatt Parts of the Estates so devised or limited by the said Will as aforesaid, it would therefore be manifestly for the Benefit of the several Persons claiming and ro claim under or by virtue of the before recited Will, if such detached Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hered'laments were fold and disposed of, and a sufficient Part of the M >ney to arfc from such Sale applied in Payment of the said Mortgage Debt or Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and the P.efidue [Loc. is5 Per.] 40 G of

36i4 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 178.

of such Money (after Payment of the Costs and Expences herein-after mentioned) laid out in a Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; but by reason of the strict Limitations contained in the said recited Will, the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without jthe Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven, Richard Keppel Craven, and William now Earl of Craven, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enatted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Messuage, Tene-Pr'/mifes011 of ntent, or harm House, in the Occupation of James Agg, Esquire, his Undertenants or Assigns, with the Barns, Stables and other Buildings to the fame belonging, situate, lying, and being in the Parishes of Prestbury and Sevenhampton in the said County of Gloucester, together with the several Closes, Inclosures, Pieces and Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground to the said Messuage and Buildings belonging and now occupied therewith, lying and being in Presthury and Sevenhampton aforesaid, containing together by Estimation Two hundred and eight Acres or thereabouts (be the fame more or less), and now in the Occupation of the said James Agg. his Undertenants or Assign3, at the yearly Rent of Sixty Pounds; and also all that Stone (Juarry lying open on Prejlbury Hill in the said Parish of Prejlbury, containing by Estimation One Acre and a Half or thereabouts (be the fame more or less), and also all that Piece of Meadow Land being Part of a Piece of Meadow Land called Lord’s Mead, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Prestbury aforesaid, containing by Estimation Seven Acres and a Half, or thereabouts (be the fame more or less), and now in the Occupation of William Capel Esquire at the yearly Rent of Thirteen Pounds; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land lying dispersed in a certain Field called Aljbrook Field, within the Hamlet of Uckington, in the Parish of Elmiione Hardwicke in the said County of Gloucester, containing together by Estimation ThirteenAcres or thereabouts (be the fame more or less), now in the Occupation of the Representatives of the late Thomas Pearce Gentleman deceased, or their Undertenants, at the yearly Rent of Sixteen Pounds; and also all that Messuage, Tenement or Farm-house with the Buildings thereto belonging, situate, lying and being in the Hamlet of Pirton in the Parish of Churchdown otherwil’e Chosen in the said County, of Gloucester, in the Occupation of William Herbert or his Undertenants, together with the several Closes, Pieces, or Pa reels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, to the feme Messuage and Buildings belonging, and now occupied therewith, lying, and being in Pirton aforesaid, containing by Estimation Forty-nine Acres or thereabouts, (be the fame more or less), which said lastmentioned Messuages, Buildings, and Lands are now in the Occupation of the said William Herbert or his Undertenants at the yearly Rent of Forty Pounds; and also all that Cottage, and the Lands to the fame belonging, situate, lying and being in the Hamlet of Brickington in the said Parish of Churchdown otherwise Cho/en, containing by Estimation Thirty-one Acres or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) now in the Occupation of the said William Herbert or his Under, tenants at the yearly Rent of Twenty-four Pounds; and also all that Cottage with the Barns, Stables, and Buildings to the fame belonging, situate, lying, and being in the said Hamlet of Brickington, in the Occupation of William Newman Gentleman or his Undertenants, together with the 4 Clofts,

4.9* GGEORGII III. Cap. 178.

Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground to the fame Cottage, and Buildings belonging, and now occupied therewith, lying and being in Brickington aforesaid, containing together by Estimation Twenty-five Acres an 1 a Half or thereabouts (be the fame more or less), now in the Occupation of the said William Nervman at the yearly reserved Rent of One Pound Two Shillings and Four-pence; and also all that Piece and Parcel of Pasture Ground called Shortmtre Clofc Orchard in the Hamlet of Pirton aforesaid, containing by Estimation Three Acres and a quarter or thereabouts (be the fame more or leL), now in the Occupation of the said William Newman at the yearly reserved Rent of Five Shillings; and also all that Cottage, with the Barns, Stables, and Buildings to the fame belonging, situate, lying and being in the Hamlet of Hucclecote within the said Parish of Church down otherwise Chefen, in the Occupation of William Herbert, or his Undertenants, together with the several Closes, Pieces, or Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground to the fame Cottage and Buildings oelonging and occupied therewith, lying and being in Hucclecote aforesaid, containing by Estimation Twenty-six Acres and a Half or thereabouts (be the lame more or less), now in the Occupation of the said William Herbert, or his Undertenants, at the yearly reserv d Rent of One Pound six Shillings; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pasture Ground called The Bradleys, situate, lying, and being in the Mythe or Mytbe Hook in the Parish of Tewkesbury, containing by Estimarion Sixteen Acres and Three Quarters, late in the Occupation of Michael Proctor, but now of Frederick Phelps or his Undertenants, at the yearly Rent of Thirty-five Pounds; and also all that Close of Arable Land called Milkwell, situate, lying and being in the Hamlet of Woodmancoat in the Parish of Bishop's Cleeve in the County of Gloucester, containing by Estimation Two Acres and a Quarter or thereabouts (be the fame more or less), now in the Occupation ot John Leech, at the yearly Rent of Four Pounds Four Shillings; and also all that Piece of Pasture Ground situate, lying and being in the Hamlet of Gotherington in the said Parish of Bishop’s Cleeve, containing by Estimation one Acre and a Quarter or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) now in the Occupation ot Thomas Davis, at the yearly Rent of Two Pounds Ten Shillings; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow Land situate, lying, and being at Frc-dington in the said County of Gloucester, containing by Estimation Four Acres and a Half or thereabouts (be the fame more or lefsj, now in the Occupation of John Surman at the yearly Rent of Nine Pounds; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, situate, lying, and being in the said Parish of Bishop's Cleeve, containing by Estimation Two Acres or thereabouts (be the fame more or less), now in the Occupation of Isaac Peart at the yearly Rent of Three Pounds (all which said several Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments herein-before respectively mentioned are particularized in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and are Parcel of the Estates situate in the County of Gloucester which were so devised or limited by the said recited Will as aforesaid), together with all and singular Houses, Out-houses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Lands, Meadows, Feedings, Pastures, Timber and other Trees, Woods and Underwoods, and the Ground and Soil thereof, Ways, Paths, Passages, Waters, Watercourses, Commons, Common of Pasture and Turbary, Easements, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Rights, Members and Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises hereinbefore

6i6

to v veiled in Trustees to be sold.

Application of Money arising by such Sale, kc.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 178.

before respectively mentioned or referred unto or any of them belonging or in anywise appertaining; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof and of every Part theteof, shall from and immediately after the passing of this Act be veiled in and settled upon, and the same are hereby from thenceforth absolutely veiled in and settled upon Henry Fowke of Tewkejhurj in the County of Gloucester f (quire, and John Hindus of Chancery Latte in the County of Middlesex Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said Henry Fowke and John Windus, their Heirs and Alligns for ever, freed and discharged and absolutely acquirted, exempted and exonerated of and from all and every the Ul'es, Estates, Limitations, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes and Declarations in and by the said Will of the said Wt!-Ham late Lord Craven deceased, limited, created, declared, expressed or contained, of and concerning the same Premises or any of them; but upon Truit nevertheless that they the said Henry Fowke and John Windus or the Survivor of them, or the Heis or Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall as soon as conveniently may be (by and with the Content and Approbation in Writing of the said Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven during his Life, and after his Decenle then with the Content in Writing of the Person or Persons who if this Act had not been passed would for the Time being have been entitled under the Limitations in the said Will contained, to the Receipt of the Rents, Issues and Profits of the said Hereditaments and Premises, if such Person or Persons shall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, but if not then with the Consent in Writing of his or their Guardian or Guardians), absolutely make Sale and dispose of the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises so hereby vested in them the said Henry Fowke and John Windus, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, either together or in Parcels, and either by public Sale or Auction, or private Contraft, unto any Person or Persons who may be willing ro become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof at or for the bell Price or Prices, and for the most Money that can at the Time of such Sale or Sales be reasonably had and obtained for the fame; and upon Payment in the Manner herein-after mentioned of the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies for which the said Hereditaments or any Part or Parts thereof shall be fold, do and shall (with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid) convey and allure the lame Hereditaments and Premises, or such Part or Parts thereof (or which such Monies shall be so paid, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and hit, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint, freed, exempted, acquitted, exonerated, and discharged as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Purchase Money for which the fame Hereditaments and Premises or any Part thereof shall be fold in pursuance of this Act, shall in the first Place, by the Oireftion of the said Henry Fowke and John fVindus, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, tellified by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, be paid and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned, in or towards Satisfaction of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds so secured, and now remaining due and owing upon or by virtue of the said Mortgage Security as herein-before is recited, and from and after Payment thereof <he Residue of such Purchase Monies shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, ex parte the Person or Persons paying the fame, pur-iuant.to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year ot King

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 178- 3617

George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four, and such Residue, after paying the Costs, Charges and Expences hereinafter mentioned, shall upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a fmnmary way by the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments which shall be so fold, in case the fame had not been fold, or if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out and inverted in such Manner as the said Court shall direct, in one or more Purchase or Purchases of other Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, free from Incumbrances (except Quit Rents), to be situate in the said County of Gloucester, and all and singular the Mdfuages, Lands Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased shall, from and immediately after the Purchase thereof, be respectively conveyed, settled and allured to, for and upon such and so many of the Uses, Trusts, Ends, Intents and Purposes in and by the said recited Will of the said William late Lord Craven deceased, limited, expressed and declared, of and concerning the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereby verted and settled as aforesaid, as shall be then existing undetermined, and capable of taking effect.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Purchaser or p11rcha(-ers Purchasers of the Hereditaments so hereby verted in Trult to be sold as not answer-aforesaid or any Part thereof, paying his, her, or their Purchase Money o^Mif-(by l'ur.h Direction as aforesaid), in or towards the Discharge of the said application Sum of Ten thousand Pounds fofecured by Mortgage as aforesaid, or of so ?! Purchase much thereof as shall then remain unsatisfied, or paying the Surplus or the °M'!' Whole of such Purchase Money {as the Case may happen) into the Bank of England as aforesaid, and taking the Recept or Receipts of the Person or Persons entitled to such Mortgage Money, or the Certificate of the Ac- , countsm Gene al and Receipt of the Cashier of the Bank for the Whole or any Pa of such Purchase Money, as the Case shall require, Hull not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Milappiication, or Non-application of his, her, or their Purchase Money, or of so much thereof as in or by such Receipt or Receipts, Certificate or Certificates,

shall bi acknowledged or expressed to be received, and that in the Meantime and until the Money arising from such Sale or Sales, and so to be paid into the Banks aforesaid, shall upon such Petition or Petitions as aforesaid be o dered to be paid or otherwise applied by the said Court of Chancery, the same shall be by the Accountant General of the said Court laid out in ihe Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so'laid out in the said Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same as they shall respectivt ly be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant Gene rat, and shall there remain until a Purchase or Purchases shall be jnade in ptirfuance of the Directions of this Act, and until the same shall upon a Petition to be preferred to the < ourt of Chancery in a sum-maty way, by the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said deviled Estates late of the said William Lord * [Loc. C? Per.~\ 4oH Craveti

3618 49# GEORGII in. Cap. 178.

Craven deceased, and fnuate in the said County of Gloucester, or his or their Guardian or Guardians in case of Infancy, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for completing such Purchase or Purchases in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct j and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in such Case only the Surplus which shall remain after discharging the Expences of the Application to the Court shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands hereby directed to be purchased, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

Expences of the Ait to be paid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, and the said Court is htreby autherized, if to the said Court it shall seem fit, to order and di-rest that by and out of any of the Monies which shall be paid into the said Court in respect of any such Sale ot Sales as aforesaid, all the Costs, Charges and Expences of applying for and otherwise in or abc*ut the obtaining this Act, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending or relating to any Sale or Sales hereby authorised to be made, or of or relating to the Application which shall be made to the said Court for any of the Purposes herein-before expressed shall be paid and fadsfied, such Costs, Charges, and Expences being first taxed and settled by one of the Matters of the said Court, in pursuance of an Order which the said Court is hereby authorized, if to the said Court it shall seem fit, to make for that Purpose.

Until Sale i> V. And be it further enacted, That in the Mean time and until such Rentsdftc.eof Sale or Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall be made in pursuance of said Estate* to this Act, they the said Henry Fowke and John Windus and the Survivor of therperfbnsby them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, do and shall permit and suffer entitled to the the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments lo hereby such Sde^etc vc^ec^ anc* settled as aforesaid, to be held and enjoyed, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof to be received and taken by and for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who would have been respectively entitled to, and ought to have held and enjoyed and received and taken the fame in case this Act had not been made.

For appointing rewTruf-tfCJ.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if both or either of them the said Henry Fowke and John Windus, or any future Trustee or Trustees who shall succeed to or shall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or either of them as herein-after mentioned, shall die or shall desire to relinquish, or shall refuse or decline to act, or become incapable to act in the Trusts and Poweis hereby reposed in them or him, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often as any such Case shall happen it shall be lawful for the High Court of "Chancery, in a summary Way, upon the Petition of such Person or Persons as for the Time being would be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments hereby made saleable, or if such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then upon the Petition of his or their Guardian or Guardians, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or re-

fusing

4-9* GEORGII III. Cap.\*jft. 3*9

fufiitg, declining, or becoming incapable to act at aforesaid; and when

and lo soon and as often a* any such new Trustee or Trustees shall be

nominated and appointed, all the Estates and Powers which shall be then

vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desirous of being discharged,

or refuting, declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, either solely or jointly with the other Trustee,

shall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in

such Sort and Manner, and so that the fame Estates and Powers shall and may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing

Trustee thereof, and such new or other Trustee or Trustees, or in such

new Trullees only as the Case may require, upon the fame Trusts, and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and subject to the fame Fowers as are herein

before declared of and concerning the same Trust Estate, or such and so

many of the fame Trusts and Powers as shall or may be then subsisting

or capable of taking Effect; and then such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things aft in the Management, carrying on, and Execution

of the Trusts hereby created, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame

Powers and Authorities, to all Intents, Effects, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally by this Act nominated

a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Henry Fowke and John Trustee* not Windusy or such other Trustee or Trustees to be appointed as aforesaid, answerable for shall not, not shall either or any of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or JhanCfiia?|mC* Admimfttators, of them, or either or any of them, be charged or come into chargeable with or accountable for any more of the Trull Montes and their Haud». Premises than they shall respectively actually receive, or as shall coine

to their respective Hands by virtue of the Trulls herein declared, nor with or for any Loss which shall or may happen of the fame Trull Monies and Premises or any Part thereof, without their wilful Neglects or Defaults; and that it shall be lawful for the fame Trullees for the Time being and every of them, in the First Place, by and out of the Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of the said Trusts, to deduct, retain and reimburse themselves reflectively, all such Colts, Charges, Damages and Expences as they shall respectively pay, bear, sustain, expend, or be put unto, for or by reason or means of all or any of the said Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, or the Management or Execution thereof, or any Act,

Matter or Thing whatsoever in anywise relating thereto.

VIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and s^ing chafe. Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic

and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Henty Augustus Berkeley Craven, and his first and other Son and Sons, and the Heirs Male of the several and respective Bodies of such first and other Sons; the said Richard Keppel Craven and his first and other Son and Sons, and the Heirs Male of the several and respective Bodies of such First and other Sons; and also other than and except the right Heirs of the said Testator William late Lord Craven deceased, and the Trullees respectively named in his laid Will, and their iclpeftive Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever lawfully or equitably claiming, or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, Charge or Interest, in Poffdlion, Revcifion, Remainder, ur otherwise howsoever, of, in, to, or

out

3620 49® GGEORGII III. Cap. 178-

u rj' out of the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises so hereby vested in the said Henry Fowke and John Windus, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the said recited Will of the said William late Lord Craven deceased, and his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiltra-tors, and Assigns), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Premises so hereby vested in Trust to be sold as aforesaid, as they, every or any of them had before the passing of this ACT, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Att had not been made.

Evidence Slauie.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others. ’

•> * S

he

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 178.

3621

The SCHEDULE

Referred to by the foregoing A£L

A Messuage with Buildings and Lands to the fame belonging and occupied therewith, in the Parishes of Preftbury and Sevenhampton in the County of Gloucester, containing together by Estimation 208 Acres or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) in the Occupation of James Agg Esquire, or his Undertenants as Tenant at Will, at the yearly Rent of A Stone Quarry lying open on Preftbury Hill in the said Parish of Preftbury, containing by Estimation One Acre and a Half or thereabouts, (be the fame more or less) in hand -

A Piece of Meadow Land, being Part of a Piece of Meadow Land called Lord’s Mead, situate in the Parish of Preftbury aforesaid, late in the Occupation of John Lane, containing by Estimation Seven Acres and a Half or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) now in the Occupation of William Capel Esquire as Tenant at Will, at the yearly Rent of Several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, lying dispersed in Alfbrook Field in the Hamlet of Uckington in the Parish of Elmftone Hardwicke in the said County, containing together 13 Acres or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) late in the Occupation of Thomas Pearce deceased, and now of his Representatives, under an Agreement for a Lease (among other Lands) which when granted will expire on the 5th Day of April 1817, but with a Stipulation therein that if the said Henry Au-guftus Berkeley Craven should contract for or fell all or any Part of the Estate under such Agreement for a Lease as aforesaid, such Part so contracted for or fold should no longer be subject- to the said Agreement for a Lease, at the yearly Rent of

A Messuage with Buildings and Lands to the fame, belonging and occupied therewith, in the Hamlet of Pirton in the Parish of Churchdown otherwise Cho-fen in the said County of Gloucester, containing together by Estimation 49 Acres or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) in the Occupation of William Herbert or his Undertenants at will, at the yearly Rent of A Cottage with Lands to the fame belonging and occupied therewith, in the Hamlet of Brickington in the said Parish of Churchdown otherwise Chosen, confix. Per.J 40 I

jr. s. d.

i3-----.

16-----

40-----

3622

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 178.

taining by Estimation 31 Acres or thereabouts (be the fame m re or less) in the Occupation of the said William Herbert or his Undertenants at Will, at the yearly Rent of T -

A Cottage with Buildings and Lands to the fame belonging and occupied therewith, in the said Hamlet of Brick-ington, containing by Eftknation 25 Acres and a Half or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) late in the Occupation of Joseph Harris deceased, and now in the Occupation of William Newman, Gentleman, which said Cottage, Buildings and Lands were granted by Lease, bearing Date the First Day of June 1768 from the said Lord Craven deceased, to the said Joseph Harris . for 99 Years, determinable on the Lives of the said Joseph Harris deceased, Joseph Harris his Son also deceased, and Ruth Harris his. Daughter, now aged about 43 Years, at the yearly Quit Rent of A Piece or Parcel of Failure Ground called Shortmoor Close O chard, in the said Hamlet of Pirton, containing by Eftirr.atioa Three Acres and a quarter or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) late in the Occupation of William Herbert deceased, and now of the said William Newman, which said Piece or Parcel of Pasture Ground was granted by Lease, bearing Date the 29th Pay of September 1758, by the Right Honourable FuKvar Lord Craven deceased, to the said William Herbert deceased, for the Term of 99 Years, determinable on the Lives of William Herbert Son of the said William Herbert deceased, John Herbert another Son now aged about 57 Years, and Janies Herbert another Son deceased, at the Yearly reserved Rent of A Cottage with Buildings and Lands to the fame belonging, in the Hamlet of Hucclecote in the said Parish of Churchdown otherwise Chosen, containingby Estimation 26 Acres and a Half or thereabouts (be the fame more or less), late in the Occupation of John Herbert deceased, and now' of William Herbert Son of the said John Herbert, or his Undertenants, which said Cottage, Buildings, and Lands were granted by Lease, bearing Date the 10 th Day of January 1755, by the said FulwarLord Craven to the said John Herbert deceased, for the Term of 99 Years, determinable on the Lives of Thomas Herbert his Son, now aged about 74 Years, the said William Herbert, now aged about 72 Years, and Bernard Cook deceased, at the yearly reserved Rent of A Piece or Parcel of Pailure Ground called The Bradleys, in the Mythe or MytheHook in the Parishol Tewkesbury, in the said County, comaining by Estimation iC Acres and Thiee Quarters, late in the Occupation of Michael ProCtor, but now of Frederick Phelps or his Undertenants at will, at the yearly Rent of - ,

£■ x. d. 14-----

i 2 4

i 6 —

35-----

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 178

3623

A Close of Arable Land called Milkwell in the Hamlet of £. s. d.

Woodmancoac in the Parish of Bishop's Cleeve in the said County, containing by Estimation Two Acres and a Quarter or thereabouts (be the fame more or ltfs) in the Occupation of John Leech as Tenant at Will, at the yearly Rent of - A Fiece of Pasture Ground in the Hamlet of Gotherington in the said Parish of Bishop’s Cleeve, containing by Efti-mation One Acre and a Quarter or thereabouts (be the lame more or less) in the Occupation of Thomas Davis 4 4 —

as Tenant at Will, at the yearly Rent of A Piece or Parcel of Meadow Land in Tredington in the said County, containing by Estimation Four Acres and a Half or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) in the Occupation of John Surman as Tenant at Will, 2 10 —

at the yearly Rent of And a Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground in the said 9

Parish of Bishop’s Cleeve, containing by Estimation Two Acres or thereabouts, in the Occupation of Iiaac Peart as Tenant at Will, at the yearly Rent of 3

209 7 4

Timber on the above mentioned Estates estimated at a not less Value than £ 150.

Hen. Fowke.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 179.

An Act for vesting certain Estates late of Thomas Hodgkins Esquire, lying in the respective Parishes of Waif all and Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees in Trust, to sell the same and apply the Purchase Monies arising therefrom in paying off an Incumbrance upon such Estates, and otherwise, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Order bearing Date the Sixth Day of August Outer of One thousand eight hundred and six, made in a Cause de- chancery pending in the High Court of Chancery, wherein His Majesty's recited. Attorney General at the Relation of Sir Humphry Briggs Baronet, and Sir Robert Corbett Baronet, was Informant, and the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Bradford, Sir Rowland Wynne Baronet, Sir Charles Lloyd Baronet, John Charlton Esquire, the Right Honourable Ann Lady Tor« rington, Lancelot Burton Esquire, and Thomas Gibson Esquire, were De* fendants; dating, that Samuel Compton Cox Esquire, the T.rafter to whom the said Cause flood transferred, by his Report, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, had certified that there then remained due from Thomas Hodgkins oiWalfall, in the County of Stafford, (the Receiver of the Charity Estates in the said Cause), on the \_Loc. id Per.] 40 K Balance

lift

3626

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 179.

Balance of his Accounts, to Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and three, the Sum of Five thousand two hundred and two Pounds Nine Shillings and Three-pence, and that the said Thomas Hodgkins had proposed to give Security to be approved of by the said Mailer for such Balance, and for all future Balances to be reported due from him, and to pay the Balance already reported due into the Bank by Instalments; it was ordered, that the said Thomas Hodgkins should iay Proposals before the said Mailer for such Security, and in case he should approve thereof, then the said Thomas Hodgkins was to give such Security upon his Real Estates; and it was ordered that he should, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December then next, pay the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, Part of his said Balance, into the Bank, with the Privity of the Accountant General; and on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seven, the like Sum of Two thousand Pounds, other Part of such Balance, with the like Privity; and on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Remainder of the said Balance, with the like Privity, to the Credit of the said Cause of Attorney General against the Earl of Bradford: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively, the Fourth and Fifth Days of September One thousand eight hundred and six, the Release being of Four Parts, and purporting to be made between the said Thomas Hodgkins and Anne Hodgkins, then his Wife and now his Widow, of the First Part; the Right Honourable Orlando Lord Bradford, the Honourable John Simpson, the Honourable and Reverend George Bridgman, John Heaton Esquire, and Thomas Eyton Esquire, the then Trustees of the said Charity of the Second Part: Joseph Curtis of the Third Part; and Charles Hodges Ware of the Fourth Part; which said Indentures were settled and approved of by Mailer Cox aforesaid, the said Thomas Hodgkins did for the Considerations therein mentioned, grant, convey, and alfure unto the said Orlando Lord Bradford, John Simpson, George Bridgman, John Heaton, and Thomas Eyton, and their Heirs, certain IVjefluages and Lands, with their Appurtenances, lying in the respective Parishes of Aldridge and Waif all in the County of Stafford, and therein and in the Schedule to this Act annexed particularly described, and all the Interest of him the said Thomas Hodgkins therein, to hold the fame unto the said Orlando Lord Bradford, John Simpson, George Bridgman,. John Heaton, and Thomas Eyton, their Heirs, and Assigns, but subject nevertheless to a Proviso for Redemption of the said Premises, if the said Thomas Hodgkins, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Alligns, should, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December then next ensuing, pay or cause to be paid into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the Accountant General, the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, Part of the Balance reported due from him as aforesaid; and should, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seven, in like Manner pay into the Bank of England, with the like Privity, the further Sum of Two thousand Pounds of like Money, other Part of the said Balance; and should, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, in like Manner pay into he Bank of England, with the like Privity of the said Accountant General, the Remainder of the said Balance, together with what should be computed for Interest upon the said Balance, at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum by the said Mailer; and also pay at such Time as the said Master should appoint, all future Balances or Sums of Money which might from Time to Time be reported due from him the said Thomas Hodgkins, pur-9 suant

496 GEORGII III. Cap. iyc). 3627

suant to the said Order of the Court of Chancery of the said Sixth Day of August then last past; and in the said Indenture of Release, there is contained a Covenant by the said Thomas Hodgkins for himself and his Heirs, and for the said Anne his Wife, that they would, at the Request of the said Orlando Lord Bradford, John Simpson, George Bridgman, John Heaton, and Thomas Eyton, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, acknowledge and levy in due Form of Law in the usual Manner, One or more Fine or Fines, fur conuzance de droit come ceo, et tetera, according to the Statute in that Cafe made and provided, unto the said Orlando Lord Bradford, John Simpson, George Bridgman., John Heaton, and Thomas Eyton, and the Heirs of one of them, of the said Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, which said Fine it was thereby declared and agreed should be and enure to the Use of the said Orlando Lord Bradford, John Simpson, George Bridgman,

John Heaton, and Thomas Eyton, their Heirs and Assigns, subject nevertheless to the said Condition for Redemption of the said Premises: And whereas the said Thomas Hodgkins died soon after executing the last-mentioned Indentures: And whereas a Suit hath been lately instituted in the High Court of Chancery, by the several Persons Parties to the Indenture of Release of the Fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, of the Second Part, again!!: the said Sarah Hodgkins and Ann Hodgkins the younger, Infants, as the Co-heiresses of the said Thomas Hodgkins, deceased, for the Purpose of compelling a Foreclosure of the said mortgaged Premises and the said Sarah Hodgkins and Ann Hodgkins the younger; have appeared by Anne Hodgkins the elder, as their Guardian, and put in their Answers; and the Trustees of the said Charity and Complainants in the last-mentioned Cause having applied to Anne Hodgkins aforesaid.

Widow of the said Thomas Hodgkins, to relinquish Her Right of Dower in the said mortgaged Estates, and concur in a Sale thereof upon certain Terms, a Petition was soon after the coming in of the aforesaid Answers presented by Anne Hodgkins aforesaid to the Lord High Chancellor, which was consented to by the said Trustees; and by an Order made upon hearing the said Petition, bearing Date the Twenty-third Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, it was referred to Mailer Cox, to certify whether it would be for the Benefit of the said Charity Estate, and of the Infant Defendants in the said Cause, that Anne Hodgkins aforesaid should make an Application to Parliament for an Act to fell the Freehold Estates of the said Thomas Hodgkins comprised in the said Indentures of Mortgage, and whether thereupon it would also be for the Benefit of the said Estate that the said Mortgagees should give to the said Anne Hodgkins, as such Administratrix, a Release for the Money reported due from the said Thomas Hodgkins as aforesaid, and whether, after payment of Principal and Interest of the said Mortgage and Colls of that Suit, and of the said Application to Parliament, it would not be for the Benefit of the said Infant Defendants, that the Surplus if any of the Money to arise by such Sale should be paid into Court in the Name of the Accountant General in Trull in that Cause, to an Account to be intituled " The Infant’s Account," subject to the further Order of the Court: And whereas the said Mailer Cox made his The Matter's Report, bearing Date the Sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred Rcl’on' and nine, and thereby certified that he found that the said Thomas Hodgkins died shortly after having executed the Indentures of Mortgage before mentioned intellate, and that he left the said Anne Hodgkins his Widow, and Ann Hodgkins the younger, and Sarah Hodgkins Infants, under the Age of

Twenty-

3628

Order of Court of Chancery, 91 March 1809.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 179.

■Twenty-one Years, his only Children and Co-heirs at Law him furvrving, and that upon the Death of the said Thomas Hodgkins, the Equity of Redemption in the said mortgaged Premises defeended upon and became verted in the said Ann Hodgkins the younger and Sarah Hodgkins Infants, and that Letters of Administration, bearing Date the Twenty-eighth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, were granted to the said Anne Hodgkins, by the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury; and whereupon she as Administratrix of the said Thomas Hodgkins carried in before him the Final Account of the said Thomas Hodgkins Receipts and Payments in respect of the said Charity Estate, and the said Master found that by his Report, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of 'December One thousand eight hundred and eight, there was then remaining due from the said Thomas Hodgkins or his Estate, the Final Balance of Four thousand six hundred and seventy-one Pounds and Seven-pence, and that on account of the Situation of the said Thomas Hodgkins’s Assets, the said Anne Hodgkins was unable to discharge the Sum so reported due, and that the said Anne Hodgkins did not join in executing the said Indentures of Lease and Release, nor in acknowledging the Fine covenanted to be levied as aforesaid, and that the said Infant Sarah Hodgkins is an Idiot, or of unfound Mind; therefore upon Consideration of the Circumstances aforesaid, and it appearing to the said Master that a considerable Part of the Estates mortgaged consist of Houses in the said Town of Waif all and the Parish of Aldridge, and that the Whole of the said mortgaged Premises are at a Distance from the Charity Estates, and inconvenient to be holden by the Trustees of the said Charity, the said Master certified that he conceived it would be for the Benefit as wtll of the said Charity as of the Infant Defendants in the Cause aforesaid, that the said Anne Hodgkins should make an Application to Parliament for an Act to fell the Freehold Estates of the said Thomas Hodgkins, mentioned and comprised in the Indentures of Lease and Release of the Fourth and Fifth Days of September One thousand eight hundred and six: And whereas by an Order of the said High Court of Chancery bearing Date the Ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, made on the Petition of the said Anne Hodgkins the elder, it was ordered that the Mailer's Report, bearing Date the Sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, be confirmed, and that the said Anne Hodgkins should make an Application to Parliament, for an Act to fell the Freehold Estates of the said Thomas Hodgkins, mentioned in the said Indentures of Lease and Release or Mortgage of the Fourth and Fifth Days of September. One thousand eight hundred and six, and upon the said Anne Hodgkins making such Application and joining in the said Sale, or conveying to the said Trustees or to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Estates, all her Dower, Right, Thirds, and Interest in, to, or out of the said mortgaged Premises, the said Mortgagees were to give and execute to the said Anne Hodgkins as Administratrix as aforesaid, a release for the Money reported due from the said Thomas Hodgkins, deceased, and in case the said Act of Parliament should be obtained, it was ordered that the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Estate, should pay their respective Purchase Monies into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General, to be placed to the Credit of this Cause, and thereout the said Anne Hodgkins and the said other Parties in the said Cause were to be paid their Costs, to be taxed by the Master, relating to the said Application to Parliament and this Suit as between Solicitor and Client, and the Residue of the Money to arise by such Sale, or a sufficient Part thereof after Payment of such Costs,

were

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 179.

•were to be paid to the said Trustees as and for the Principal and Intersil of the said Mortgage, as far as the Monies respectively to arise by fi.ch Sale, would extend in satisfying the fame, to be by them applied to the Purposes of the said Charity, subject to the further Order of this Court; and after such Sale and Payment, in case the Residue of the Money to arise by such Sale, should be more than sufficient to pay what should be due for Principal and Interest of the said Mortgage, the Surplus, if any, was to be carried over to the Credit of this Caule, to an Account to be intituled " The Infants Account," subject to the further Order of this Court; and for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Accountant General was to draw on the Bank according to the Form prescribed by the Act of Parliament, and the Genera!

Rules and Orders of this Court in that Cafe made and provided; therefore, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid. Your Majesty's mo ft dutiful and loyal Subject, the said Anne Hodgkins the elder, on Behalf of herself and her said Infant Daughters Ann Hodgkins and Sarah Hodgkins aforesaid, doth most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, particularly described in the Schedule to this Act, and situate, lying, and being in the respective Parishes of Walsall and Aldridge aforesaid, (being the Lands and Hereditaments comprised in the said Indentures of Lease and Release, of the Fourth and Fifth Days of September One thousand eight hundred and six), together with all and Angular Houses, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Ways,

Paths, PatTages, Easements, Waters, Watercourses, Commons, Common of Failure, Woods, Trees, Timber, and Underwoods, and the Ground and Soil of the same Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments belonging, or in any wise appertaining, or with the fame or any of them now or at any Time heretofore demised, leased, held, used, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member of them, or any of them, or appurtenant thereunto, shall from and after the passing of this Act be, and the same are hereby veiled in John Heaton of Old Bur- Tiuftc«*j. lington Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and John Bawdier, P0lnte(i-of Lincoln's Inn, in the same County, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them, the said John Heaton and John Bawdier, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of, from, and against all and Angular the Uses, Estates, Trusts,

Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, in and by the said in Part recited Indentures of Lease and Release, of the Fourth and Fifth Days of September One thousand eight hundred and six, limited, expressed, or declared, of and concerning the same, and all Equity of Redemption of the said Sarah Hodgkins and Ann Hodgkins the younger therein or thereto; and also freed and discharged of and from all Right of Dower of the said Anne Hodgkins the elder in the lame, subject however to the exilting Leases heretofore granted of particular Parts thereof, and mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, but nevertheless upon the Trulls, and for the Intents and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared of and concerning the same, that is to say, upon Trull, that the said John Heaton and John Bawdier, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, of their or his own proper Authority, absolutely sell or dispose [Lee. IP Perl] 40 /. of

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 179.

of the said Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, either altogether or in Parcels, by Public Auction or Private Contract, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, at or for the most Money or belt Price or Prices that can or may be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and upon Payment in Manner hereinafter mentioned, of the Purchase Money for which the said Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part thereof, shall be so fold into the Bank of England in Manner herein-after directed, do and shall convey and assure the fame Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, or such Parts thereof as shall be so fold, unto or to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, or as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise from Sales to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Sales shall be made into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there cx parte the Purchasers of the Estates of Thomas Hodgkins (leceased, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Directions of the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth.

Certificates or

III. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of Cafh/eroftfce Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of

Bank to be One of the Cashiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith good. , filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, hereby authorized to be sold, or any Part or Parts thereof, of his, her, or their Purchase Monies respectively, shall from Time to Time be, and be deemed to be good and effectual Dischargea to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and other Person or Persons, and to his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Monies aforesaid, or so much thereof, a6 in such Certificate s and Receipts shall respectively be expressed and acknowledged to be received; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts as herein-before is mentioned, such. Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application, or be in anywise bound or concerned to fee to the Application of the Money therein expressed or acknowledged to be received.

Eitpeticfs of

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall be paid the Ad. into (he Bank by virtue of this present Act, in respect of the Sale of the aforesaid Estates, shall and may, under the Orders and Directions of the said Court of Chancery, to be made in the aforesaid Cause, be applied and disposed of for the Purposes herei after mentioned, that is to say, in paying and discharging all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, to te taxed and settled in the said Cause, preparatory to, and in soliciting, applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, or which may be incurred •incident or relative thereto, and of making and completing the Sale* herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid, or otherwise to be occa-

fioned

Money Arising from Sales to be paid into the Bank.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.TjT).

fioncJ by carrying the Trusts of this Act into Execution, and all Cods to be taxed and settled as aforesaid, that have been or shall be incurred in the said Cause, and which ought to be paid out of the Estate of the said Thomas Hodgkins deceased; and after Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, then in Payment of the said Sum Gf Four thousand six hundred and seventy-one Pounds and Seven-pence, so reported due in the said Cause, with Interest thereon from the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, after the Rate the fame carries Interest.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Surplus which Ihalt remain of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, after making such Payments thereout as aforesaid, shall, upon Petition to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who for the Time being, in case this Act had not been made, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments hereby made saleable; or if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out or inverted in the Purchase or Purchases of other Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments of Inheritance in England, which shall be approved of by the said Court of Chancery; and from and immediately after the making of such Purchase or Purchases, the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased shall be conveyed, settled, and allured to and to the use of the before named Sarah Hodgkins and Anne Hodgkins the younger, their Heirs and Alligns, as Tenants in Common, and not as joint Tenants.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the said Surplus which shall remain of the Monies to-be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, after making such Payments as aforesaid, shall in the mean Time, and until the same shall be invested in a Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid out by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills; and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills; all which said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the fame shall, upon Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments hereby made saleable, or if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing of any Purchase or Purchases hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and meet; and if the Money to arise by the Sale of any such Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall exceed the original Purchase Money so laid out thereon as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments

353*

And in Try.

ns eft of

4,671! and Inured.

Refidn- to be 'laid out i:1 the Purchase of ctherFrethcli Land*.

The Retjdwe,

until inv ft■ A in Lands, to be laid Out in Navy or Vi tualling Bill , or exchequer Bills,

to be deposited in the Bank,

3^3 2 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 179.

taments directed to be purchased in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or the Representative or Representatives of such Person or Persons.

oourV of the Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

Chancery to for the said Court of Chancery, if that Court shall think fit, to make Orders «*to the A ^rom Time to Time in the aforesaid Cause for the Payment of the aforesaid plication of Colls, Charges, and Expences, and the said Sum of Fourthoufand fix hun-Monry. dred and seventy-one Pounds and Seven-pence, and Interest herein-before directed to be paid out of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, and for taxing the Colts, Charges and Expences, herein-before directed to be taxed, and for taxing the Colls of the several Applications to be made to the said Court respecting the Matters aforesaid, or in respect of the Residue or Surplus aforesaid, and for Payment of all such Colls, Charges, and Expences out of the Monies so paid into the Bank, and to make such further or other Order in the said Cause as to the said Court shall seem just.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until such Sales shall be made as aforesaid of the Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, they the said John Heaion and John Bawdier and the Survivor of them, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall permit and suffer the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments to be had, received, and taken by such Person or Persons as would respectively have been entitled to, and ought to have had and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said John Heaton and John Bowdler shall not, nor shall either of them, nor the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of them, or either of them, be chargeable with or answerable for any Money to be received by virtue of the Trulls hereby in them reposed, any other Ways than each Person for such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they may or shall actually receive, and that neither of them shall be answerable or accountable for the Acts, Receipts, Neglects, or Defaults of the other of them, and that they shall not, nor shall either of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of either of them, be answerable or accountable for any Lot's which shall or may happen in the Execution of the aforesaid Fruits, or in relation thereunto, unless the same shall happen by or through their or his wilful Default respectively.

■Cener.il X. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and

Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic k and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, (ofher than and except the said Anne Hodgkins, Sarah Hodgkins and Ann Hodgkins the younger, and < heir respective Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and the said Right Honourable Orlando Lord Bradford, the Honourable and Reverend George Bridgman, John Heaton, and Thomas Eyton, and all and every other Person or Persons claiming or to claim any Estate, Use, Trull, Interest, or Benefit of, in, to, or out of the Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, by virtue of or under the said herein-before in Part recited Indentures of Lease and Release of the Fourth and Fifth Days of September, One thousand eight hundred and six) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim

9 and

‘Until a Sale, Kfnts of the Estates to be received by the Persons entitled thereto.

Tru flees not to be accountable for any other Money than what they actually xeccire.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. xy 9. 3633

And Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and every or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been palfed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the i* wanted Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so 1.^tIlt'r>v"’iJ ’ printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and ethers.

363+

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 179

The SCHEDULE referred to by the Aft.

Name* of tire Place*. Nan;* of the Tenant*, and hen the Lease* expire. I’REMtSES. Quantity. Annual Value.

In the Parish of In the Possession of Mn. A brick-built Messuage, A. A. P. £ >, i.

Walsall in the County Anne Hodgkins. with Out-buildings and of Stafford. Offices, Garden walled

round, situate on the Weft

Side of Rushall Street - - 40

In the Parish of In the Possession of Mr. A brick-built Messuage,

Walsall, in the County Charles Windle, as Tenant Warehouse, Out-buildings

of Stafford. at Will. and Offices, walled Garden,

the Moiety of a Passage on the West Side, and of a

Pump near thereto, situate

on the South Side of Park- Annual Rent*

Street - - - - 42

In the Parish afore- In Possession of Thomas A Piece of Ground called

said, and County afore- Careless, as Tenant at Will. the Windmill - . IOO 10 —

said.

In the Parish of In the Possession of Mr. A House or Cottage, with \

Aldridge, and County Charles Homer, on Lease Stables and Out-buildings,

aforesaid. for Si* Years, Three Years together with a Garden

of which were unexpired and the Land thereto ad-

at Ch.iftmas 1S08. joining - O O 31 10 —

William Brooks, Surveyor.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

7

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 180.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sh rnbrork, in the County of Bedford. [ 15th June 1809 ]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Sharnbrook, in the County of Bedford, divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds: And whereas Samuel Cornish Esquire, is Lord of the Minor of Sharnbrook, called Boring’s Tcfte and Temple, in the County of Bedford, and as such is entitled to the Right of Soil of all the Wade Lands within the said Parish of Sharnbrook: And whereas John Gibbard Esquire, is ■the Owner and Proprietor of all the Rectorial or Great Tythes growing, arising,‘or renewing within or from all the Tytheable Places, Lands, and Grounds within the said Parish, excepr as herein-after is mentioned; and is also Owner and Proprietor of certain Glebe Lands, and Right of Common in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds; And whereas William Fancourt Clerk, is Rector of the Parish of Bletfoe, in the County of Bedford, and as such is entitled to the Rectorial or Great Tythes growing, arising, or renewing upon or from Five Acres, by Estimation, of Arable Land lying within the said Parish of Sharnbrook, belonging to the said Samuel Cornish, and upon or from '1 hree Acres, by Efliination, of Arable Land lying within the said Parish of Sharnbrook, belonging to the said John Gibbard: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty is the Patron of the Vicarage of Sharnbrook, aforesaid; and Thomas Wat [on Ward Clerk, is the Vicar of the said Vicarage, and in Right thereof is entitled to all the Vicarial or Small Tythes growing, arising, renewing, fl.ee. If Per.] 40 N cr

3638 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180.

o; happening within or from all the Tytheable Places, Lands, and Grounds

within the Laid Parish of Sham brook; and is also entitled, as such Vicar to certain Glebe Lands and Rights of Common in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paliures. and other Commonable Lunds and Waste Grounds: And whereas Samuel Cornish, William Lee Antonie, John Gibbard, Esquires, Thomas Gell Gentleman, the President and Scholars of Corpus Christi College in the University of Oxford, and divers other Persons, are O whers and Proprietors of all the Residue of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paliures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the said Par (h, and are respectively entitled to Rights of Common and other Interests therein, in different Proportions: And whereas an Art was failed in the porty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ail certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the federal Fails usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the said rpfp^rtive Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadow, and Paliures lie intermixed with each other, and are in other Respects inconveniently litu-ated, and in their present State incapable of any confiJerable Improvement, and it would be beneficial to the several Proprietors thereof, and Periods interested therein, if the fame and other the Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Sharnbrock afbraaid were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to them, in Proportion to their several and respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein, and if all the Lands in the said Parish of Sharnbreok were exonerated from Tythes; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, and Exoneration from Tythes, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conferit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament affsmb ed, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paliures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Sharr.brook aforesaid, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be valued, quaiititd, appraised, divided, set out, and allotted by Commission- John Davis of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford, Gentleman, John Fel-ers- to rocs of the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, Gentle-

tna , and Charles Bloodworth of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, Gentl.man, and they are hereby appointed Cotninissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein contained, eltublished, and appointed, and also subject to the Powers an i Pi ovifious of the said recited Act, excipt where the same are hereby varieu or altered.

Two Cini.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful missionm 1 r any Two of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or who shall here-

may aft. after be appointed by virtue of this Art, and they re hereby authorized

and empowered to execute, do, and perform ev.rry Art, Matter, and Thing y this Art authorized to be done and performed by the said Cotn-mii: one. s; and every such Art, Matter, and Thing, which shall be executed, done, an i pc formed by any Two of such Commissioners shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been done and performed by all the said Commissioners.

Ili. Provided

4-9* GEORGII III. Cap. 180. 3639

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if, before all the For appolut-Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in the said Commissioners shall inF^"^om' have been fully executed and performed, the said John Danis shall die, m" or shall neglect, or become incapable, orrefufe to act in the Execution of such Power-, and Authorities, it shall be lawful for the said Samuel Cornish, his Heirs or Assigns, and he and they is and are hereby required by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoinc some other lit Person (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of the said John Davis, and so from Time to Time as ofen as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Samuel Cornish, his Heirs or Assigns, shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to act as aforesaid; and that in case the said John Feilowes shall die, neglect, or become incapable, or refuse to act in the Execution of such Powers and Authorities, it shall be lawful for the said John Gib-ba' d and Thomas H ’afon Ward and their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being, and they are hereby required by Writing under their Hands jointly to appoint some other fit Person (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of the said John Feilowes, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said John Gibbardand Thomas Watj on Ward, their Heirs,

Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being, shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refule to act as aforesaid; and that in case the said Charles Bloodworth shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to act in the Execution of such Powers and Authorities, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Pro-piieturs of the Lands and Grounds, so intended to be divided and inclosed (except the said Samuel Corn]!), John Gibbard, and Thomas Watson Ward, their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being), who by themselves, or their respective Agents duly authorized shall attend the Meeting or Meetings to be appointed by the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some other fit Person (not interested in the said intended Division anti Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of the said Charles Bloodworth, and so from time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the major Part in Value of the said Proprietors (except as aforesaid) shall die, neglect, become incapab e, or refuse to act as aforesaid; provided, that the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall cause Notice to be given of the Time and Piac- of the Meeting for every such Election (which Piace shall be in tile Parish of Shan.brook aforesaid, or within the Did nee of Eight Miles from the Boundary thereof) at least Fourteen Days before the Time of holding such Meeting, by affixing such Noticeou one of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of Sharnbrook aforesaid, on some Sunday, and by cauflnu the same to be published in the Newipaptrs called I he Northampton Mercury and The County Press for Northanrtcn/hire, Bedfordshire, Buc ingbamjhtrc, and Huntingdonshire, or one of them, or if such Newspapers, or one of them, shall not then be published, in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the County of Bed'ord; and if the said Samuel Ctrni/h, his Heirs or Assigns, or the said John Gibbard and Thomas Watson Ward, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Person seised of the said Tythes for the Time being, shall for the Space of Twenty-eight Days after Notice to him or

theta

364°

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 1S0.

them given by the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commit-fioner, or if the Majority in Value of the said other Proprietors at the Meeting to be appointed as !a(t aforesaid, shall respectively refute or negbft to appoint a new Commissioner in the Place or Stead of every or any Commissioner who shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refute to act as aforesaid, then and in every such case the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, appoint a fit and proper Person (not interfiled in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place of each Commissioner so dying, neglecting, becoming incapable, or refusing to act as aforesaid, whole Place shall not be filled up by the Person or Persons primarily enabled to appoint such new Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid; and every Commissioner to be appointed by the Person or Persons re'pefttvely, and in the Manner hereby directed, shall have the like Powers and' Authorities for putting this Act in Execution as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner by this Act.

Meetings

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and ° they are hereby required to give publick Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon one of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of Sharnbrook aforesaid, on some Sunday, of the T:me and Place of their First and every futd quest Meeting for executing the Powers vested in them by this Act, at lead Six Days before the Time appointed for holding every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted'; and it shall be Lw 'ul for i!,e laid Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be hol.fen in pursuance of th;s Act, from Time to Time as they shall find it convenient, to continue such Meetit g by Adjournment, for the due Extcu:ion of this Act, leaving Notice at the Place where the Commissioners shall be fitting at the T;me c.f any such Adjournment, of the Time and Place to which such Meetings shall be adjourned.-

One Commit"- V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if only One of the firmer may said Commissioners shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any adjourn. Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, or to which any such Meeting 11 all be adjourned, it shall be lawful for such One Commissioner, or if no Commissioner shall then attend, for the Clerk to the said Commit-fioneis, which Clerk they are hereby authorized to appoint, and they are respectively hereby empowered to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment, to be holden at the fame or any o her Place within the Dilfance herein-afitr limited, and so from Time to Time until Two of the said Commissioners shall meet; and the Commissioners, Commissioner, or ( leik, making any such Adjournment, are and is hereby required to give Notice thereof to iheablenc Commissioners or Commissioner.

Nestings to VT. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings of the said Commis-t;ca !i rn- Honers for putting this Act into Execution shall be held within the Parish v't 1 >!,t <•*' Sharnbrook aforesaid, or within the Dillance of Eight Miles from the M.i.s. " Boundary thereof.

Meeting so rccc Application:.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they ate hereby required to appoint a Time and Place so receiving 6 Application

49° GEORGII III. Cab. 1E0.

Applications from the Proprietors touching the Situation they would respectively choose to have their Allotments set out and allotted in, and to give Six Days Notice in Writing of such Meeting, to be affixed upon one of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of Sharnbrtok aforesaid on some Sunday; and at or as soon as conveniently may be after such Meeting the Valuation or Quality, which the said Commissioners are hereby directed to make, shall be reduced into Writing and signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be lodged with their Clerk for the Inspession of any Person or Persons interested therein, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, who shall be entitled to a Copy thereof on paying for the same 'after the Rate of Four-pence for every Folio of Seventy-two Words to the said Clerk j and the said Commissioners shall appoint a Meeting for receiving and hearing any Objections that may be made to such Valuation or Quality, and shall then receive and hear such Objections, and the Determination ox' the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties tntcrcfted in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching the Shares or Proportions which they or any of them ought to have in lieu of their Lands or other Rights and Interefh in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or touching the Value of any of the Homedeads, Homeclofes, or other indofed Lands or Grounds within the said Parish of Sharnbrook, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame respectively: Provided always, that no such Determination of the said Commissioners shall hinder or prevent any of the Parties from trying his, her, or their Rights at Law inrelpect of any Matter of Title.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims* Objection or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, fee Caul'e to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges, as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful lor the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant unoer their Hands and Seals directed to any Person whomso-ever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand t6 the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended

[ Loc. Per.] 40 0 Division

3641

Quality of

Land may he inspected.

Fordetcrrein-ing Differen-ccs concerning Bounda-ricsand Allotment!.

Power to affcfs Costs.

Allowing Partie. to try their Righu by Law,

364 a

4.9* G E OR G11 III. Cap. 180.

Division and inclosure shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissionfers, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any R f h;s ot Commoner Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the first Affixes to be nolden for the said County of Bedford next after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the Time of fuel, L*_ termination; end for that PuTpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be difl.tiisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Blue against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required, to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or tile Common Bail, and accept one or more Wue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame]; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Adkion or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cases j and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, the fame not being set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby Drtermina. determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided tinn id Com- always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such mflLn.r; to Ciaim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waite ob—teVt "or Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or Interests in, over, or upon Action not°r Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and brought. inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Pary or Parries objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

If any of the Parties die, Proceedings not to abate.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties, in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

Suits not to

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be cora-

deiay the In- menced or prosecuted touching or concern ng the Title of any Person or clolure. Persons to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said Parish of Sharnbrock, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act; but the said Division, Allotment, and inclosure shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits;

and

3643

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 180.

and the Allotment or Allotments to which such Suit or Suits shall relate may be had and taken by the Person or Persons who, upon such Determination of such Suit or Suits, shall become entitled to the same.

XIII. Provided alway?, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and again/i: whom any such Action or Actions shall have been brought if living, shall-die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Exrvration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Aciionor Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Action or Atcions against the Person or Persons to dying, to bring the fame within the Time lb limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk to the said Commissionere with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have beer, served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action cv Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all such Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such AQion or Actions.

XIV. Provided alfp, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties (except in Cases of Encroachments); but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion again/l the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejefhnent or other due Course of Law.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may scour out, widen, divert, turn, or alter all such ancient Brooks, Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Staunches, Tunnels, and Bridges in the said Parish of Sharnbrtok, and shall and may erect, set out, and appoint such new Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Staunches, Tunnels, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as also in, through, and over any ancient Inclo-fares or other Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, of such Depth and Width and in such Courses and Directions, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, making such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures or other Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, not hereby intended to be divi 'ed and inclosed, for so doing, as they shall think rensonable and pr. per; and the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby required in and by their Award to order, direct, and app int determined by whom, at whose Expence, at what Times, and in what Manner the said Broods, Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Staunches, Tunnels, and Bridges shall be made and thereafter repaired, cieanfrd, scoured, and maintained: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to turn or divert any Watercourse,

Sfeam,

In cases of Deaths of Parties before Actionj brought, rthe fame to be carried on and defended in their Names.

Persons in Possession not tobe molelled without due Course of Law,

Cleansing Watercourse l.

3644 49"G£0^-GII III. Cap. 180.

Scream, or Rivulet, without the Consent of the Owners of the Land from and into which the same shall be turned or diverted.

Old Road*

may be flopped up.

Allotment* for Gravel fit*.

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor in lieu of Right to Soil of Waste and Commons.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the (Vul Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empoweied, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace a Cling in anti for the said County of Bedford, and not interfiled in the Repair of any such Roads as next herein-afttr mentioned, to divert, turn, or flop up any old or accustomed Road, Way, or Footpath (not being a Turnpike Road) lying or being in, or passing or leading th'ough, any Part of the said Patiih oS Sb/ rnlrook; and such Order shall be subject to an Appeal »o the Quarter Sessions in like Manner, and under the fame Forms and Reltric-tions, as Orders originally made by Juiiices for diverting and turning Roads and Wars, and that all and every Roads, Ways, or Footpaths, which shall be lo flopped up, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to let out, allot, and award, from and out of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, One or more Piece or Parcel, or Pieces or Parcels of Land, not exceeding in the whole Two Acres, as and for publick Stone, Sand, and Gravel Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the same respectively, to be used for the Repairs of the publick and private Roads within the said Pa-ifli of Sharnbrook; and the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon such Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Land and Ground respectively, shall be and is hereby vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways fer the Time being of the said Parish of Sher nbrook, in Trust, to let the fame for the bell Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten for the lame, and to apply the Rents and Profits thereof rel'peftively towards the Repairs of the publick Roads and Ways within the said Parish of Sharnbrook.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall inj the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Samuel Cornish, his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the said Manor of Sharnbrook, called Levinf s Tofte and Temple, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One Eighteenth Part of all the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, in lieu of and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for all his Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds.

Allotment to

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in John Gibbard the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the said John in lieu of Gibbard, his Heirs and Assigns, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Glebe Lan . Qroun(js hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands belonging to the said John Gibbard, and for the Right of Common belonging thereto, in, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

4

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180. 3645

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Commissioners shall in Allotment to the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Thomas Xjf Glebe Watson Ward, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicarage, such Parcel Land.

or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as in tile Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands belonging to and enjoyed with the said Vicarage, and for the Right of Common belonging '

thereto in, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in Allotment the next Place set out, allot, and award, for and in lieu and Satisfaction for Tythe*. of all Tythes, both Great and Small, arising, growing, renewing, happening, or payable within the Lid Parish of Sharnbrook, such Parcel or Parcel of the Lands and Grounds, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall, be equal in.

Value to One Fif h Part of all the Arable Lands, One Tenth Part of all the Woodlands, and One Ninth Part of all the Grass Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all the other Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Sharnbrook, which a^e severally subject or liable to the Payment of both Great and Small Tythes, and also equal in Value (Regard being had to the Proportions aforesaid) to the Tythes issuing and payable out of such of the Lands in the said Parish as are subject to Great Tythes only, or to Small Tythes only, and which shall remain after the publick and private Roads, Sewrrs, Drains, and Watercourses, and the Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits shall be taken and deducted therefrom; which said Parcel or Parcels of Land and Ground so directed to be set out, allotted, and awarded for Tythes as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby directed and required to apportion, divide, allot, and award to and amongst the said John GibbarJ, William- Fancourt,

Rector of Blctfoe aforesaid, and Thomas Watson Ward, Vicar of Sharn-breok aforesaid respectively, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons feiied of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a just Compensation, Equivalent, and Satisfaction for their respective Parts, Shares, Proportions, Rights, and Interests of and in the Tythes for and in respect of which such Pared er Parcels of Land and Ground shall be set out as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds which Allotmentit* shall be set out, allotted, and awarded by virtue of this Act for and in be in full Sa-lieu of Tythes shall be accepted and taken by the said John Gibbard, tuiaflion of J < William Fancourt, Rector of Bletfoe aforesaid, and Thomas Watson Ward, *'*

Vicar of Sharnbrook aforesaid respectively, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and for all and all Manner of Tythes issuing, arising, and payable to them and each of them respectively from, out of, or for all and every the Messuages, Homtsteads,

Orchards, Gardens, ancient Inclosures, Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Wade Lands, and all other Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Sharnbrook aforesaid, for the Tythes whereof Compensation shall be made by virtue of this Act (Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees due [Lee. Ss5 Perd] ',40 P to

3646 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 18c.

to the said Vicar only excepted; provided that until the said Allotment* in lieu of Tythes shall be let out, and Notice thereof given by the said Commissioners to the said John Gibbard, William Fancoi/rl, Rector of Bletfoe aforesaid, and Thomas Watson Ward, Vicar of Sharnbrook aforesaid respectively, iheit respective Heirs, Successors or Assigns, or the Persons ( seised of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, they shall fe-

pJd eiii A.1-' veral>Y entitled to and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes,

lcitmeiua and Payments in lieu of Tythes, as they respectively could or might have

mad- and done in case this Act had not been made; and from and immediately after

Notice given, the said Allotments for Tythes shall be set out, the said John Gibbard and the Vicar of Sharnbrook aforesaid respectively, and their respective Heirs, Exemption Successors, or Assigns, shall be for ever exonerated and exempt from pro-a hull ^'ding and keeping a Bull or Boar, or either of them, for the said Parish Boar. of Sharnbrook.

A'loimenu

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That after the several Allotments herein, of the Rest- before directed to be made shall have been assigned and set out, the said Commissioners shall divide, set out, allot and awa>d all the Kefidue of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, and Ptrlom interested therein, in such Quantities, Share?, and Proportions as by the said Commiflu ners shall be adjudge 1 and determined to be a just Compensation and Satisfaction for and equal to their several and respective Land , Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, for which no Allotment or Compensation is herein-before spetifically directed to be made.

Allotment to the Vicar 111 iieu of a Kent Charge «f'3ol. per Aunum.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the Use of the said Thomas Watson Ward, asd hi Successors Vicars of the said Vicarage of Sharnbrook, from and out of any of the Lands and Grounds which shall or may by virtue of this Act be set out, allotted, and awarded to and for the said Samuel Cornish, One or more Allotment or Allotments, Parcel or Parcels of Land or Ground which shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, when inclosed, be of the clear annual Value of Thirty Pounds, for and in lieu of and Satisfaction for a certain clear yearly Sum or Rent-Charge of Thirty Pounds, payable to the Vicar of Sharnbrook aforesaid for the Time being, and charged upon all that the Manor of Tcfte and other Lands and Hereditaments in the said Parish of Sharnbrook, and that the said Allotment or Allotments, Parcel or Parcels of Land or Ground, which shall be so set out, allotted, and awarded in lieu of the said yearly Sum or Rent Charge of Thirty Pounds, shall be accepted and taken by the said Thomas Watson Ward, and his Successors, Vicars of Sharnbrook aforesaid, and the Trustee or Trustees or other Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled to have and receive the said yearly Sum, or Rent Charge for the Use of the said Vicar, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and for the said yearly Sum or Rent Charge of Thirty Pounds so payable and charged upon the said Manor, Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments; and the fame Manor, Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, and the said Samuel Cornish, his Heirs and Assigns, shall be for ever after acquitted and discharged of and from the Payment of, the said yearly Sum or Rent-Charge.

49° GEORGII III. Cap a Sol 3^47

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments herein- For fencing before di ected to be fit out, allotted, and awarded to the said John Gib- Tythe Al-bard, and the said Rettor of Bicijoe and Vicar of Sharnbrock respectively,

their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, in lieu of Glebe Lands and Right of Common, and the several Allotments h;rein-before directed to be set out, allotted, and awarded for and in lieu of Tythes as af rcsaid, shall be respectively inclosed and fenctd, on all such Parts or Sides thereof as shall not be directed by the said CotnmiLoners to be made and maintained by any other Proprietor or Proprietors, with Quick-set Hedges and Ditches, or other proper Mounds or Fences, with proper Puds, Rail', and other Guard-fences to such Quickset Hedges withi i such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint, at the Expence of all or such of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds which shall be exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act, and in such Manner and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint; anJ such Hedges, Ditche-, and other Fences (after the same shall have been properly made) shall be preserved, repaued, and maintained by and at the Expence of the several Proprietors to whom the lame shall be allotted or directed to belong.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, that the said Commissioners shall Fences of set out, appoint, and award such Boundary Hedges, Ditches, and Fences ^otment* for the inclosing, separating, and dividing of the said Lands and Grounds

hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as they shall think necessary, and the said Hedges, Ditches, and Fences shall be made and at all Times thereafter repaired by such of the said Proprietors to whom the said Lands and Grounds shall be allotted (except as herein-before is particularly directed to the contrary), within such Time and in such Manner and Pro-po tionsasthe said Commissioners, by their Award, or any Writing under (heir Hands in that Behalf, shall award, order, direct, or appoint; and the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners in that Behalf shall be binding and conclusive to the several Parties so interested in and entitled to such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Proprietors of Gates may the La> ds and Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, be made shall have full Power and Liberty from Time to Time and at all Times,

after the Execution of the said Award, to set up and continue a Swing prjvate Car-Gate or Swing Gates across any Part or Parts of the public or private riage and Bridle Roads or Ways, or private Carriage and Drift Roads to be made Drift Road*, and let out through their respective Allotments, or across any Freeboard or Mereway for keeping out Cattle and separating such Proprietors Allotments, so as such Gate or Gates shall not prevent any Person or Persons entitled to use the said Roads with or without Horses, Cattle, or Carriages from pafitng or repairing along such Roads, or enjoying any Right,

Title, or Property which he, she, or they ought to have or enjoy over such Road, Freeboard, or Mereway.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom- No Cattk.tt) soever shall graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any be departure*!, of the Roads or Ways which the said Commissioners shall order or direct in the High-to be set out and fenced on both Sides, for the Space of Seven Years next w*y» for *>«*-after the making and executing the said Award, under a Penalty not ex- Vtfu

cceding.

364.8 49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 180.

seeding Ten Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, for every Bead:, Horle, Sheep, or Lamb which shall be found therein, to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall take and impound the fame; and every Proprietor and Occupier of Lands within the fid Parish, and their and every of their Servants and Labourers, and also the Hayward or Pinder of the said Parish for the Time being is and are hereby empowered to take and impound every Arch Beast, Horse, Sheep, or Lamb, which shall be so found grazing as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after any Quick-sets shall be planted next the said Roads or Ways so fenced off as aforesaid, before the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Lease or Leases to be made by virtue of the said recited Act, of any Lands or Grounds to be allotted to the said Vicar and his Successors for the Time being, shall be good, valid, or effectual, unless the Coulent of the King’s moll F.xcellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Patron of the said Vicarage, shall be had and obtained thereto previous to the Execution of such Lease or Leases.

HovrProprie-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That where there are any Home-torsofoldp (leads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds in the Parish of Sharnbrook aforesaid, subject and liable to the Payment faffi lent" of Tythes, the respective Proprietors whereof dull not be entitled to any en Field or not to a sufficient Interest or Property, in the Lands and Grounds Land, are to hereby intended to be divided and inclosed to make Compensation for " ■lUatKirTfor l^e Tythes iffuing and payable thereout, such Proprietors shall respectively pay or cause to be paid unto such Person or Persons and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall judge and determine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction, according to the Proportions aforesaid, for the l'ythes of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds respectively, or of such Part thereof for which a Compensation in Land cannot be made as aforesaid — and the several Sums of Money to be paid in respect of such Tythes shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act and carrying the fame into Execution, and shall and may be raised and recovered in like Manner as such Expences are herein-after directed to be raised and recovered; and in case there shall be any Surplus of such Monies alter defraying such, Expences as aforesaid, then such Surplus Money shall be divided between the several Pfcrfons interested in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in such Shares as shall be in proportion to their respective Property and Interests; and the Share* of inch of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple shall be paid to them respectively; and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act in those Cases wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements,.or Hereditaments, to be leidtd to the same Uses.

XXXI. And for the more convenient Situation and Disposition of the several Farms, Land , and Estates in the Parish of Sharnbrook aforesaid, 5- upon

Tyt»e*.

Power t* mate Kx-

(hangel.

The Vicar lul to grant Leafei without the King’a Contest.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180. 3649

upon and after the said intended Division and Inclosure, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to a lign and set out any of the Allotments to be made by virtue o! this Act, or any Part or Parts of such Allotments, or any Messuages, Cottages, old Inclosures, Tenements, Rents, or other Hereditaments situate or arising-within the said Parish of Sharnbrook, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Me uages, Cottages, old Inclosures, Allotments, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments in Sharnbrook aforesaid, or within any adjoining Parish or Place so that every such Exchange be ascertained,declared an i set forth in the Award of the said Commissioners, and so that every such Exchange be made by and with the Consent and Approbation of the.Ow er or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons fc-ifed or possefled of the Hereditaments or Premises which shall respectively be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Coiiegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simpl-, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Life, or by the Ceurtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or by and with the Corifent of the Husbands, Trustees or Guardians, Committees or Attornies of or acting for any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Persons so ieil’ed or possessed respectively, who at the Time of making any such Exchange shall be under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consents to be respectively testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and every such Exchange so to be made and declared shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, teltified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Colls, Expences of Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Ex- Ex hanges changes or Parti-ions by virtue of this Act, if all be paid and borne by the be'bo-'-n-J several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and Jie 0‘nL* in such Proportions as ti.e laid Commissioners shall order and direct. Parties.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Proprietor* for any Person or Persons who hath or have, or shall have or may be "|’"[r1^|lot entitled to any Estate, Right or Interest: in, upon, or over any of the mentsb-fors Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to felt the Execu--and dispose of such respective Estates, Rights and Interests; and it shall be tion of the lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and Award-empowered to award all and every such Allotment or Allotments which shall be sold or disposed of, or which shall be made or set our, to any Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Dispofuioo.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons Commissiot* shall be seised or possessed of Lands or other Hereditaments in the said er>,0

[Icc. & Per.] 40 Parish SmftlLa,lds

3650

held by different Tenures, or under different Titles.

This Act not to assess Wilis, Deeds, &c.

49® GGEORGII III. Cap. 180.

Parish of Sharnbrook held by different Tenures, or for or by, or under different Estates or Titles, the said Commissioners shall (up^n the Request of the Person so feiled or possessed respectively) inquire into afeeriatn, and determine the respective Lands or other Hered laments held by such everal Tenures, or for, by, or under such different Estates or Tu'es respectively, and shall set out distinct Allotments in resptft of such Parts thereof as shall He or arise within the Common and Open Fields, Commons and Waste Lands hereby di.-efted to be divided and inclosed. Regard being had to the Deductions which shall have been made for the Tythes of ancient Inclosutes held by the fame Tenures and for the fame Estates respectively.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Legacy, Annuity, Mortgage, Debt, Rent Charge, or Incumbrance whatsoever in, out of, upon, or anywise affecting any of the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments which shall be partitioned, exchanged, or assigned in Compensation for any other Efface or Right by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but as well the Land allotted as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be assigned on any Partition, or in Exchange or in Compensation for any other Estate or Right, shall immediately after such Allotment, Partition, Exchange, or Assignment shall be made, be vested, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth stand and be seised thereof respectively to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Intents, Trusts, and Purposes respectively, and subject and liable to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Conditions, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the several Messuages, Land*, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments, Assignments, and Exchanges shall have been made, should or would have flood severally limited, settled, or vested, or subject or liable to be charged with, or held or affected by in case the fame had not been inclosed, assigned, or exchanged, and this Act had not been made (save and except the said yearly Sum or Rent Charge to the Vicar of Sharnbrook aforesaid for the Time being, and also save and except such Leases and Tenantcies at Rack Rent as shall become void by virtue of this Act), and subject nevertheless to such Mortgages, Sales, Charges, and Incumbrances as shall be made by the Authority and in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall immediately after the fame respectively are made, be held, under and subject , to such and the fame Tenure*, Customs, Heriots, Rents, and Services as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect v\ hereof such Allotments respectively shall be made, are now held under and subject to-.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Leases, Agreements, and Tenantcies at Rack Rents, now subsisting, of all and every or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Ground' hereby in'ended to be divided and inclosed, or by virtue of this Act to be ex nerated font Tythes, or which shall be exchanged or divided in Partition as aforesaid, and of all Meffuaees, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements in the Parish of Sharnbroik aforesaid, and in any adjoining Parish held therewith, shall cease an?i be void at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, order and aired; the respective LeiTors, Owners, or Proprietors of such Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements making such realanable Satisfaction to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants for the Lot’s which shall be sustained by the Determination of such Leases or Agreements respectively, and at such Times as shall be mutually settled and agreed upon between them, or as the said Commissioners, being thereunto required by either of the Parties, shall ascertain, order, direct, and appoint; and the said Commissioners, being so required are empowered and directed to appoint a reasonable and proportionable Part, according to the Ssnfon of the Year, of the Rent reserved on any such Lease or Agreement, for and in respect of the l'ime which shall have elapsed between the iaft Day on which any Payment of the said Rent shall have become due and the Determination of the Lease or Agreement; and such Part of the Rent shall be recoverable by such Ways and Means as may, by the Laws of this Realm, be used for the Recovery of Rent in Ariear: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part ot which shall lie in the said Parish and Part in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent, now fubfiiting, may be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in exchange, which Land shall be under Lease and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such last-mentioned Land shall not; be vacated.

XXXVIII. And whereas Part of the Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, together with other Pretniles in the said Parish of Sham-brtek, are held by and under a beneficial Lease for the Term of Twenty Years by the said John Gibbard, under the President and Scholars of Corfus Chr'ijli College, in the University of Oxford, Ten Years whereof were to come and uuexpired on the Tenth Day of Otloher laffc pall: And whereas the obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the lame into Execution, and the several other Matters incident to the said Division and Inclosure, will be attended with considerable Expence, and the Advantages arising from the said Division and Inclosure will be very inadequate to such Expence in respect of the said Lessee by reason of his temporary Interest in the said Lands, unless some Provision be made for him by this Act; and for as much as the said President and Scholars are by the Statutes of the said College, reltrained from granting any larger Estate in the said Premises than for the Term of Twenty Years, and cannot enter into any Agreement to bind themselves or their Successors to renew the said Lease at the usual and accustomed Time of renewing the fame for any certain Sum of Money without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said President and Scholars, and their Successors, and their said Lessee, and they are hereby required, on the Tenth Day of October next after the passing of this Act,

lor as soon after as conveniently may be, to cancel and make void the now 5. subsisting

3651

Vacating Leases at Rack Rent.

Provision for renewing the Estate of Corpus Chrish College Lessee upon certain Terms.

3652 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180.

subsisting Lease, and at the same Time to grant and take a new Lease of the said Eltaie and Premises for a new Term of Twenty Years, commencing from the Tenth Day of October next after the passing of this Act, receiving and paying for such new Lease; a Fine, and Fees in Proportion to the Number of Years then elapsed, as were paid by the first Leifee at his lad Renewal of the said Lease, and at the End of the tirft Seven Years of such new Term to grant and take a fresh Term of Twenty Years, to commence from the End of the said first Seven Years, under and subje.it to the old Rents and Covenants by which the said Premises were ho'den, on being paid by the said Leffeeasa Fine for such Renewal, One Year and a Half’s Rent of such Estate according to the Value thereof in the State that it was in before the Inclosure of the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized and intended to be divided and inclosed, and the Value of the old Inclosures and Homeitead included in the said Lease, such Value to be estimated and ascertained by the said Commissioners, over and above the Fees for such new Lease; and such Lease so to be made and granted by the said President and Scholars, and their Successors, shall be binding to and upon the said President and Scholars, and their Successors, and shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Comrfeof

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall.

Husbandry. as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by Writing or Writings under their Hands to be affixed on one of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of Sharnbrook aforesaid, on some Sunday, order and direct the C.ourse of Husbandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said intended Division and Allotments, as well with respect to the laying down,

■ ploughing, sowing of Grass, Turnips, or other Seeds, fallowing and tilling thereof, as to the (locking and eating the Fallows or Stubbles, and also to the cutting of Furze, Thorns, or Bullies upon the said Lands and Grounds, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed as aforesaid, make such further Orders, Directions, and Regulations touching the Conduct, of the Farmers and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds for preventing them from committing Waite thereon, or upon any Part thereof, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, as to them shall seem expedient; all which Orders, Directions, and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties concerned; and that the said Commissioners shall set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures on every Person not conforming to such Oiders, Directions, and Regulations as they shall think necessary, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence; and the said Commissioners shall also settle and determine what additional Rent shall be paid in respect of such Lands, and the Tythes thereof respectively, as shall in the Season immediately preceding the passing of this Act be cropped otherwise than in the custo-, mary Way, or contrary to any subsisting Agreement, such additional

Rent to be paid and payable at the fame ’lime and in the same Manner as the original Rent.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where on the said intended Division and Inclosure, any Allotment or Allotments shall be made and set out, which or any Part of which shall not have been sown with any Sort of Corn or, Grain, but shall have been ploughed, tilled, folded, or manured, or on which there shall at the lime of setting out such Allotment be any Tillage, Manure, or other Preparation fora Crop, the Person or Persons, to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall be made and belong, shall pry to the Person or Persons who shall have ploughed, tilled, folded, or manured the fame, or his Executors or Administrators Tel’pectively, such Sum and Sums of Money, anil at such Times, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and mink reasonable, and by any Order or Orders under their Hands (which Order or Orders they are hereby empowered and required to make) shall direct; and in case any Sum of Money, so ordered, shall not be paid at the Time appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, the same shall be raised, levied, and recovered in such Manner as the Expences of passing this Act and carrying the fame into Execution are directed to be raised, levied, and recovered.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any Time when they in their Judgement shall think it convenient and necessary, by Notice for that Purpose under their Hands to be affixed on any One of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of Sharnbrcok aforesaid on some Sunday, to exdnguish or suspend all or any Part of the Right of Common in, upon, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or any of them; and from and after such Notice given, all such Rights of Common, as shall by such Notice or Notices be deeded or declared to be extinguished or suspended, shall cease, and be utterly extinguished, or shall otherwise be suspended for such fime as the said Commissioners shall in and by such Notice direct.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if, during the Suspension, or after the Extinguishment of any Right of Common, any of the said Proprietors or Occupiers shall turn or permit his, her, or their Cattle to go, departure or feed on any of the Lands or Grounds suspended or extinguished from Common, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any other of the said Proprietors or Occupiers to distrain such Cattle being upon such Lands or Grounds contrary to such Order, and to impound the fame, until the Owner or Owners of such Cattle shall pay to the Per-Ibn o: Persons, so dirtraining the fame, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shilling®, nor less than Five Shilling', for each of the Cattle distrainqd j ^nd in case the same shall not be paid before the next Meeting of the said Commissioners after such impounding, then the said Comniiffipners are hereby authorized and empowered, upon Proof of such Offence having been committed, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Cattle so distrained, or such Part thereof as they ,|ha|ll think fulBcienr, to be sold for raising and paying the Penalty aforesaid, together wish the Costs and Charges attending such Distwls and Sale and the Expe.nce of keeping such Cattle, tendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owperqr Owners of such Cattle.

40 R

365$

Proprietors whose Allotments shall hare been ploughed, &c. to make Satisfaction for the fame,

Commissioner* may luff pendorextin* guish Common Rights.

Penalty an Persons turning Cattle into Lands suspended o» extinguished from Common during Suspension and after Extinguishment.

[L*<r. f3* Per.J

3^51- 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180.

Reduced Plan to b* annexed to the Award, and a Schedule of old Inclosurei.

Power for Two Justicea to deelaie any of the

Roads

completed.

Award to be depositrd in the Parish Church.

Commissionera Expence*, Ire.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners flis'l and they are h-reby required to cause Two reduced Plans of the said Parish of Sharnbrook to be drawn upon Vellum, on which the publick. and private Roads, Paths, and Drains, with the Boundary Fences of the several Allotments rhendoned and described in 'the said Award, and such other Matters and Things as the said Commissioners thall think proper to be described therein, shall be fairly and distinctly delineated, marked, and expressfed; and the said Commissioners shall %n both the said Plans, One of which shall be annexed to the said Award, and the other shall be annexed to or shall go and be kept with the Inrolment thereof; and also the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make and annex to the said Award a Schedule describing and setting forth the Quantities of all and every the Homefteuds, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures in the Parish of Sharnbrook aforesaid, and an alphabetical Index and Reference to the principal Matters in the said Award contained.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any of the publick Carriage Roads to be set out in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act shall be completed and put into good and sufficient Repair, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of and for the said County of Bedford, or any Two of them, at any Special Session or Meeting to be holden for the Purpose, to declare such Road or Roads to be fully and sufficiently formed, completed, and repaired; from which Time, and for ever thereafter, such Road or Roads shall be supported and kept in Repair by such Persons and in like Manner as the publick Roacs now are or ought by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, when inrolled according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be depofleed in the Church Chest of Sharnbrook aforesaid, or some other safe Place in the said Parish Church.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That each of the Commissioners who shall act in the Execution of the Trulls and Powers vested in them by this Act shall be paid the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for each Day he shall be employed in or about the Execution of this Act, or in travelling to and from any Meeting for that Purpose, so as the fame do not exceed One Day in travelling to and One Day in travelling from any such Meeting; and that the fame, together with all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and pairing this Act, of surveying, admeasuring, planning, dividing, allotting, and discharging from Tythes the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wilte Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds he. eby directed to be divided and mcloled, and the several Homelleads and ancient Inclosures in the Parish of Sharnbrook aforesaid, and of fencing and making the publick Roads to be set out, of preparing and inrolling the said Award, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, and of the feveTal Persons to be employed by them, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, or in, about, or concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by all and every the Proprietors and Owners ot or Persons having Rights or Interests in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and the < Homelleads

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180. 3655

Homefleids and ancient Inclosures which fh?.il be exonerated frornTythes by virtue of this Act {other than and except the said John Gibbard, William Ftincourt, and Thomas Watfott Ward, their Heirs, SuccefLrs, and Alligns respectively, in respectt of the Allotments to be made in lieu of Glebe Lands and Tythes), in such Proportions, according to their respective Rights and Inrereits, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such'lime or Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as shall be settled, adjusted, determined, and appointed by the said Commissioners by any Writing under their Hands; and in case any of the said Proprietors, or Persons having such Rights or Interests, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, or respective Shares or Proportions of such Charges and Expsuces, within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint: to receive the same, then and in such Case the said Comniilhoners may and they are hereby autho-tized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the same to be levied by Diitrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person. or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and felling such Distress; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to enter into and upon the Lands and Tenements so to be allotted to, cr taken in Exchange or upon Partition by such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, or into and upon the Homesteads and other ancient Inclosures of any such Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, which shall be exonerated frornTythes by virtue of this Act, and to receive the Rents and Profits thereof respectively until thereby, therewith, or otherwise the Share or Proportion, or respective Shares or Proportions, of the aforesaid Costs, Charges, and Expences directed and appointed by the said Commissioners to be paid by such Person or Persons respectively, and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by and attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises shall respectively be fully paid and satisfied; or it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon any Refusal or Neglect of Payment of their Proportion of the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid by any Person or Persons to whom any Allotment shall have been made by virtue of this Act, to raise by Sale, or by Mortgage in Fee or for Years, of the Allotment or Allotments to him or them made, or of any Part or Parts thereof, Money sufficient to pay the Share and Proportion of the Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, of the Charges and Expences last-mentioned; and also all the Charges and Expences of and incident to such Sale or Mortgage.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be ad- Maney advanced for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining and pa(T- "^'*1 ing this Act, shall be repaid with lawful Interest to the Person or Persons Ad to be advancing and pa) ing the fame, out of the Money which shall be first repaid with raised to defray the Expences of passing and executing this Act. Inteteft.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Owners and Proprietors for the-Time being of any of the Allot- bilityena

ments bled to borrow Money,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180.

ments to be made, or of any of the Homesteads, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures to be exonerated from Tythes in pursuance of this Act, or of any Part thereof, and to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trailers, Committees, or Attornies of or for any of the said Owners or Proprietors, who may be under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any Disability or Incapacity, and to and for all PeTon* acting as Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies for any of the fame Ownes or Proprietors, and to and for any of the said Owners and Proprietors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon any other Contingency, or otherwise interested as aforesaid (save and except the said John Gibbard, in respect of the said Lands and Estate by himholden under the said President and Scholars of Corpus Christi College as aforesaid) and to and for every of them respectively, (other than and except the said Rector of Bletfoe and Vicar of Sharnbrook respectively, and their respective Successors, and such Persons from whose Allotments Deductions shall have been made for the Payment of the Expences of Inclosure), by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners in Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to charge such respective Allotments, Homesteads, and ancient Inclosures, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, ■with any Sum or Sums of Money at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, not exceeding Five Pounds for every Acre of Land or Ground so to be allotted, and for every Acre of such Homesteads, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures which shall be exonerated from Tythes by a Compensation in Land out of the said Open Common Fields o' other Commonable Lands and Grounds to be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and app >int, in Older to be applied in defraying the several Shares and Proportions of such respective Proprietors of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, and of dividing and iucloling the respective Allot runts; and to charge the several Homesteads and ancient Inclosures, which shall be exonerated from Tythes wholly or in Part by any Payment in Money, with any Sum or Sums not exceeding the A nount of the rdpeftive Payments which shall be made by the Direction of the said Commissioners as a Compensation for such Exoneration from Tythes. and in difeha ge of the Proportion and Share of the Expences of pa t ng this Act and carrying the fame into Execution, which ffia.l be alcer'ained and apportioned by the said Commissioners, in respect of the Homesteads and ancient Inclosures so exonerated; and for securing the Re-pay meat of such r-.spective Sums with Interest to grant, mortgage, surrender, or demise such Lands and Tenements respectively to such Person or Persons as shall respectively advance and lend such Sum and Sums of Money, and to his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Fee or for any l’erm oi Number of Years, so as every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demile be made with a froviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be re-conveyed, or surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, and the Charges occasioned by preparing and executing such Security, and of boirowing such Sum or Sums of Money with Interest for the lame respectively, shall be paid and satisfLd; and so as in every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demise, which shall by virtue of this Act be made by any Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon any other Contingency, th re be contained a Proviso ox Condition that oo Person, who shall afterwards become entitled in 4 Remainder

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180. 3657

Remainder or Reversion to the Lands or Tenements th-rein comprised, ffi :11 be liable to pav any further or larger Arrear of Inre eft, in respect of the Money so to be charged as aforesaid, than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have commenced.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That, Or charge in the Place of any such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demise as afore- Lands with said, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners by any Deed or Deeds,

Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to be atteflt-d by T.wo ’ 1>u' or more credible Witnesses, at the Request of any of the said Owners and Proprietors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or otherwise interested as aforesaid, who shall respectively pay and discharge his, her, or their Part and Proportion of the Payment, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, to authorize and empower such Owners and Proprietors, or either of them, making such Request, to charge and subjectthe said Lands and Grounds, to to be exonerated from Tyrhes or allotted to or for them respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Sums herein-before limited, with Interest for the same as aforesaid; which Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged as last aforesaid, shall be payable within one Year next after the Decease of every such Tenant in 'Pail, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or after the Determination of any such contingent Estate or Inteieft respectively, with Interest to be computed from his, her, or their respective Decease, or from the Determination of such contingent Estate or Interest, unto such Person or Persons, as such respective Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon such other Contingency respectively, by any Deed or Will, duly executed and attested, shall direct or appoint, and in Default of such Direction or Appointment to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that every Sale, Grant, Mortgage, Surren- Sales and der, Demise, Charge, or Appointment by Deed or Will, which shall be Mortgages made by virtue and in pursuance of the Powers given by this Act, shall be good, valid, and effeiftual in the Law for the Purposes hereby ^atobe intended. valid.

L. And be it further enacted, That once in each and every Year during Amounts to the Execution of this Act, to be computed troin the Time when the first j?c Pa_^ ^e‘ Rate shall be directed by the said Commissioners to be paid as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a ' just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended in the Execution of this Act j and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Bedford {not interested in the said Inclosure) to be examined and balanced; and the said Balance shall be dated in a Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Justice,

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Notices and Advertisements, Notices, &c. necessary or requisite to be made or given by the said Commissioners, and Newspa-[Loc. & Per.3 40 S not Per,‘

Damaging Fences, o.i

jIAppasl.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 1S0.

not hevein-befo e otherwise directed, shall be so made and given by Adverti'ement in the jNorthampton Mercury and the County Press for North-amplotshire, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, and HuntingdonJMre, or one of them, or in case neither of them shall then be published, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Bedford.

LIT. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully or unlawfully break down, destroy, carry away, or damage any Fence, Stile, Port, Pale, Rail, Gate, Bridge, or Tunnel, which may be put up or placed under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, every Person lb offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Bedford, on Confession, or on Proof of the Offence by Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Joffice is hereby authorized to administer) shall, for every such Offence, pay to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Fence, Stile, Past, Pale, Rail, Gate, B idge, or 'Funnel which shall be so broken down, destroyed, tarried away, or damaged, such Fine and Penalty, not exceeding Five Pounds, as such Justice shall determine, direct, and order; and every Person shall be allowed to give Evidence of such Offence, notwithstanding he may be a Proprietor or Occup er of Lands within or an Inhabitant of such Parish, and notwithstanding he may be the Owner of any such Fence, Stile, Poll, Pale, Rail, Gate, Bridge or Tunnel; and if any such Fineor Penalty shall not be forthwith paid,the fame shall, by Warrant of such Justice, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels'of every such Offender; and for Want of Distress, in case the Fine or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit every such Offender to the House of Correction for the said County of Bedford, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefe such Fine, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing what foe ver, to be done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (other than and except in such Cases where the Orders, Determinations, Resolutions, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are hereby or by the said recited Act dnefted to be final, binding, and conclusive, and also except in such Cases where an Issue at Law is herein-before directed), then and in such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Ledford, next after Two Calendar Months from the Time when such Caule of Complaint shall have arisen, every such Appellant giving Twenty Da^s previous Notice to the Parties appealed against of the Intention of bringing such Appeal; and the Justices, in their said Quarter Session.are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the Matter ot every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Colts as to them, in their Discretion, shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to cause to be levied the Coils which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties ordered and made liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, alter deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale.;

3^59

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 180.

and every Order and Determination of the said Justices, upon such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be fub;eft or liable to be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

LIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Saving. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for or in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all such Right,

Title, and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

LV. And be it further enacted, That this Act" shall be printed by the This Act Printer to the King’s mofl; Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so ,may be g'Vfn printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and *" ET‘den4C-others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*H*4Ht*»*

Cap. 181.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of TVilsham-Jlead, in the County of Bedford.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS there are within the P.irish of Wiljhamjlead in the County of Bedford divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pa (lures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds: And whereas the Right Honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret is Lord of the Manor of Wiijhamjlcad within the said 1’arish, and as such is entitled to the Right of Soil of all the Waste Lands in the said Manor: And whereas Thomas ///WClerk, and Ann his Wife, in Right of the said Ann, and John Crosse Crooke Esquire, are severally Owners and' Proprietors of Three undivided Fourth Parts of and in all the Reftorial or Great Tythes growing, arising, or renewing within or from ail the Tythe-able Places, Lands, and Grounds within the said Parish, and are also Owners and Proprietors of certain Glebe Lands and Rights of Common in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said Henry Frederick Lord Carteret is the Patron of the Vicarage of WHfhamJiead aforesaid; and Anthony Dauvert Clerk is Vicar of the said Vicarage, and in Right thereof is entitled to the remaining undivided Fourth Part of and in all the Re&orial or Great Tythes, and also to all the Vicarial or Small Tythes growing, arising, renewing, or happening within or from all the Tytheable Places, Lands, and Grounds within the said Parish of Wiijhamjlcad, and is also entitled to certain Glebe Lands and Rights of Common in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and {Lac. id Per.J 40 T other

3662

Commission-

cri.

Two Cotnmif-£o»er> m.iy act.

For appointing new Commiliioacrt.

49° GEORGII III. * Cap. iZi.

other Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds: And whereas the said Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, in Right of the said Ann, John Croffc Crooke, and also Samuel Whitbread, James Lucas, Malcolm M'fueen, John Parker, Esquires, and divers other Persons, arc Owners and Proprietors of all the Refid up of the l&:d Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable I.snds and Wjlle Grounds within the said Parish, and are reflectively entitled [o Rights of Common and other Interefis therein ia different Proportions: And whereas, an Act was passed in the Forty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ai7 for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions vfually infested in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fevered Pads usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the said respective Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, ^and Failures lie intermixed with each other, and are in other Respects inconveniently situated, and in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be beneficial to the several Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, if the fame and other the Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Wiljhamfead aforesaid were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set cut and allotted to them in proportion to their several and respective Estates, Rights, and Interefis therein, and if all the Lands in the said Parish were exonerated from Tythes; but such Division, Allotment, Inclosure, and Exoneration from Tythes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it emitted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tlus present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pafiures, and other Commonable Lands and Waite- Grounds, in the Parish of Wiljhamfead aforesaid, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Att, be valued, qualified, apprised, divided, set out, and, allotted by John Mattghan, of ILipchin in the County of Hertford, Gentleman, John Davis, of Bloxham- in the County of Oxford, Gentleman, and Thomas Thorpe, of Great Barford in the County of Bedford, Gentleman, apd they are hereby appointed Cqnimi^ioners for carrying this Att into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein contained, established, and appointed, and also subject to the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act, except where thy fame are hereby varied or altered,

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar it shall be lawful for any Two of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed by virtue of this Att, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to execute, do, and perform every Att, Matter, and Tiling by this Att authorized to be done and performed by the said Commissioners; and every such Act, Matter, and Thing which shall be executed, done, and performed by any Two of such Commissioners shall be as valid and efteftnal, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been done and performed by all the said Commissioners.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, if before all the Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in the said Comm fiioners shall have been fully executed and performed, the said John Maughan shall

die.

4-9° GGEORGII III. Cap. 181.

flic, or shall neglect, or become incapable, or refuse to act in the Execution of such Powers and Authorities, it shall be lawful for the said Samuel Whitbread, his Heirs or A (Tigris, and he and they is and are hereby required, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint fame other fit Person, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of the said John Maugban, and so from Time to Time, as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Samuel Whitbread, his Heirs or Assigns, shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to act as aforesaid; and that in case the said John Davis shall die, neglect, or become incapable, or refuse to act: in the Execution of such Powers and Authorities, it shall be lawful for the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, Join CroJJe Crooke, and Anthony Dauvert, or for such of them as shall be entitled to the major Part in Value of the Tythes arising out of the said Parish, according to the Assessments of the Land Tax, and their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, or the Persons seised for the Time being of the major Part in Value of the said Tythes, and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands to appoint some other fit Person not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of the said John Davis, and so from Time to Time, as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, John Crosse Crooke, and Anthony Dauvert, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised for the Time being of the major Part in Value of the said Tythes, shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to act as aforesaid; and that in case the said Thomas Thorpe shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to act in the Execution of such Powers and Authorities, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed, (except the said Samuel Whitbread, Thomas Hind and Attn his Wife, John Crojfe Crooke, and Anthony Dauvert, their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being), who bythemselves or their respective Agents, duly authorized, shall attend the Meeting or Meetings to be appointed by the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some other fit Person, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of the said Tomas Thorpe, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the major Part in Value of the said Proprietors shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to act as aforesaid; provided that the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall cause Notice to be given of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election (which Place shall be in the Parish of Wiljhamjlead aforesaid, or within the Distance of Eight Miles from the Boundary thereof), at lead Fourteen Days before the Time of holding such Meeting, by affixing' such Notice on one of the Outer Doors of the Parish Church of Wiljhamjlead aforesaid, on some Sunday, and by causing the same to be published in the Newspapers called The Northampton Mercury, and The County Pre/s for Northamptonshire, Bedfcrdshire, Buckinghamshire, and Huntingdonshire, or one of them, or if such Newspapers, or one of them, shall not then be published, in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Bcafo. d; anu if the said 'amuel Whitbread, his Heirs or Assigns, or the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wite, John CroJJe'Crook'd, and An* thony Dauvert, and theii respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the

Person*

3663

3664

Notice of Meetings.

One Commissioner may adjourn.

Medingttobe at Willliam-Itead, or with-iucjght Miles.

49° GEORGII III. ’Cap. 181.

Persons seised for the Time being of the major Part in Value of the said Tythes, shall for the Space of Twenty-eight Days after Notice to him or them given by the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, or if the Majority in Value of the said other Proprietors at the Meeting to be appointed as last aforesaid, shall respectively refuse or neglect to appoint a new Commissioner in the Place or Stead of every or any Commissioner who shall die, neglect, become incapable, or refuse to act as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, appoint a fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place of each Commissioner so dying, neglecting, becoming incapable, or refuting to act as aforesaid, whose Place shall not be filled up by the Person or Persons primarily enabled to appoint such new Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid; and every Commissioner to be appointed by the Person or Persons respectively, and in the Manner hereby directed, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to give Public Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon one of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of WiljbamJUod aforesaid, on some Sunday, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for executing the Powers vested in them by this Act, at lead Six Days before the Time appointed for holding every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) j and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time, as they shall find it convenient, to continue such Meeting by Adjournment for the due Execution of this Act, leaving Notice at the Place where the Commissioners shall be fitting at the Time of any such Adjournment, of the Time and Place to which such Meeting shall be adjourned.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if only one of the said Commissioners shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, or to which any such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for such one Commissioner, or if no Commissioner shall then attend, for the Clerk to the said Commissioners (which Clerk they are hereby authorized to appoint) and they are respectively hereby empowered to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment, to be holden at the fame or any other Place within the Distance herein after limited, and so from Time to Time, until Two of the said Commissioners shall meet, and the Commissioners, Commissioner, or Clerk malting any such Adjournment, are and is hereby required to give Notice thereof to the absent Commissioners or Commissioner.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings of the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held in the Parish of WHfhamstead aforesaid, or within the Distance of Eight Mile* from the Boundary thereof.

49° GEORGII III. Cap*St.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to appoint a Time and Place for receiving Applications from the Proprietors touching the Situation they would respectively choose to have their Allotments set out and allotted in; and to give Ten Days Notice in Writing of i'uch Meeting, to be affixed upon one of the Outer Doors of the Parish Church of Jl'tljhanjiead aforesaid, on foute Sunday.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference For detenu.u-should arise between any of the Parties interested in the said intended Di- concefni'fc'" vision and Inclosure, touching the Shares or Proportion which they or Boundaries any of them ought to have in lieu of their Lands or other Rights and In-

terefts in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or touching the Value 1 of any of the Homefleads, Homeclofes, or other inclosed Lands or Grounds within the said Parish of WUJhamJiead, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame respectively: Provided always, that no such Determination of the said Commissioners shall hinder or prevent ar.y of the Parties from trying his, her, or their Rights at Law, in respeGof any Matter of Title.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim of Claims; Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this AG, feeCause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or ObjeGions, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so negleGing or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deduGing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person Allowing pur-

or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Divi- tie«totr>their lion and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Law.

Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right &c.

to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at I^w of the Matters so determined by the said Commissioners, at the First Assizes to be holden for the said County of Bedford next after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the Time of such Determination;

[Ler. id Ptr.~\ 40 U and

3^5

Meeting to reieire Aj>-ptatioai.

j666

4

If ally of the Partici die, Proceei'ings not to abate*

Sui‘s ant to deiay the Inclosure.

In case of Death of Par-tie», icli ns to 1 e brought in 'heir lianiea.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 181.

and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned ItTue against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Two Calendar Mouths next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more IlTue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (tuch ItTue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdi dts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Tiial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, the fame not being set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or Interest in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pmfuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded iq as jf no such Event had happened.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be commenced or prosecuted touching or concerning the Title of any Person or Persons to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said Parish of Wiljhamjiead, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers uefted in them by this Act; but-lhe said Division, Allotment, and Inglpfure shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits, and the Allotment or Allotments to which such Suit, qr Suits shall relate may be had and taken by the-Person or Persons who upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits shall become entitled to the same.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perloqs in whqfe, Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been, brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore li-

4 i. ' mited

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i8i. 3667

rn'ited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all such Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XIV. Provided aHo, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Perton® in Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine f°

any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such without°due Parties, but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the CourteoiLaw. Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Cuurie of Law.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Ckanfinc _ may scour out, widen, divert, turn, or alter all such ancient Brooks, atcrco,r *'• Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Staunches, Tunnels, and Bridges in the said Parish of Wilfham/i ead, and shall and may erect, set out, and appoint such new Drains, Ditches, Watercourses, Staunches, Tunriels, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as also in, through, and over any ancient Inclosures or other Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, of such Depth and Width, and in such Courses and Directions as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, making such Satisfafticm to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures, or other Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments not hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, for so doing, as they shall think reasonable and proper, and the said Gommir. sioners shall and may, and they are hereby required in and by their Award, to order, direct, and appoint by whom, at whose Expence, at whit Times, and in what Manner the said Brooks, Drains, Ditches, W^erfdtirfes,

Staunches, Tunnels, and Bridges shall be made and thereafter repaired, cleansed, fcouied, and maintained; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authortfe the said Commissioners tip turn or divert any Wa-tercouife. Stream, or Rivulet, without the Consent of the Owners of the Land from and into which the same shall be turned or diverted.-.

;■ " .1 #• ri» .* 1 I Sy/Jl iv>Jt2UW r.lUY

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said old Road* Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized' and empowered, with the yllcftoPFf‘1 Concurrence arid Order of Two Justices of the Peace actingf in and for the said County of Bedford, and not interested in the Repair of any such ° r'rrr,‘ Road as next herein-after mfeutioned, to divert, turn, or flop ifp any old

or accustomed Road, Wry,-dr Footpath ^not being a Turnpike Road), lying or being in, or passing or leading through any Pars of the fakP

Parish

3668 49° GEORGII III. Cap 181.

Parish of H'iljhawjlead, and such Order shall be subjrft to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in like Manner and under the lame Forms and Re-tlriftions as Orders originally made by Justices for diverting and turning Roads and Ways; and that all and every Roads, Ways, or Footpaths which shall be lb flopped up, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act.

Allotments for

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall

lave 1 Us' and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out, allot, and award, from and out of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed. One or more Piece or Parcel, or Pieces or Parcels of Land, not exceeding in the Whole Two Acres, as and for publick Stone, Sand, and Gravel Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the same respectively, to be used for the Repairs of the Publick and Private Roads within the said Parish, and the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon such Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Land and Ground respectively, shall be and is hereby vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the said Parish, in Trull, to let the lame for the bell Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, and to apply the Rents and Profits thereof respectively towards the Repairs of the Publick Roads and Ways within the said Parish.

j^!i° of^Waite

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in and Commons, the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the Lord of the said Manor of Wiljhamfield, and the Lord or Lords of any other Manor or Manors respectively within or extending into the said Parish, if any such there be, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-twentieth Part of all the Commons and Walle Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed within such Manor or Manors respectively, in lieu of and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Right and Interest of such Lord or Lords in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Walle Grounds.

l?eI"c gbi" ^e further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in

Lands. the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, in Right of the said Ann, and the said John Crojft Creoke respectively, their respective Heirs and Assigns, cr the Persons seised of the Glebe Lands for the Time being of which they are now respectively in Possession, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, in Right of the said Ann and John Crojfe Crooke respectively, or the Persons seised thereof for the Time being, and for the Right of Common belonging thereto, in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

Allotment to

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in hca'ofbkbe next ^ace ^et out> a*ot* anc* award unto and for the said Anthony L»nd. Dauvert and his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicsrage, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 181. 3669

irjclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands belonging to and enjoyed with the said Vicarage, and for the Right of Common belonging thereto, in, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That' the said Commissioners shall in Allotment for the "ext place set out, allot, and award, for and in lieu and Satisfaction Tytl‘c*-of all Tythe . both Great arid Small, arising, growing, renewing, happening, or payable within the said Parish of Wiljhamjlead, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and (with the Consent in Writing of the respective Proprietors thereof,', such Parcel and Parcels of the old Inclosures in the said Parish of Wiljhairjlutd, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Fifth Part of all the Arable Land, One Tenth Part of all the Woo,: Lands, and One Eighth Part of all the Grass Grounds,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, and all the other Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Wiljhamjlead, which are severally subject or liable to the Payment of both Great and Small Tythes, and also equal in Value, regard bring had to the Proportions aforesaid, to the Tythes issuing and payable out of such of the Lands in the said Parish as are subject to Great Tythes only, or to Small Tythes only, and which shall remain after the Publick and Private Roads, Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, and the Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits shall be taken and deducted therefrom, which said Parcel or Parcels of Land and Ground so directed to be set out and allotted for Tythes as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby directed and requited to apportion, divide, allot, and award to and amongst them the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, in Right of the said Ann, John Crojfe Crooke, and the Vicar aforesaid re-spediively, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, in such Parts,

Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine tobe a jlift Compensation, Equivalent, and Satisfaction for their respective P rfq Shares, Proportions, Rights, and Interests of and in the Tythes for and in respect of which such Parcel or Parcels of Lands and Grounds shall be set out as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds which Allotments to shall be allotted by virtue of this Act for and in lieu of Tythes, shall be JjV-aion'&ir accepted and taken by the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, in Right aiiry.hes.&c. of the said Ann, John Crojfe Crooke, and the Vicar aforesaid respectively, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, in full Satisfaction and Discharge, of and for all and all Manner of Tythes issuing, arising, and payable to' them and each of them respectively, from, out of, or for all and every the Messuages, Homefleads, and Orchards, Gardens, ancient fn-closures. Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and all other Lands and Grounds in the Patifti of Wiljhamjlead aforesaid, for the Tytheg whereof Compensation shall be made by virtue of this Act (Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees due to the said Vicar only excepted); provided, that until the said Allotments in lieu of Tythes Mil be set out, and Notice thereof given by the said Commissioners to the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, in Right of the said Ann, John Crofe [Lw. & Per.] 40 X Crooke,

367®

Allotments of the Residue.

Tor fencing

'lythe

Abutments,

Fencing of Propiie cirs’ ■Allotments;

49° GEORGII III. Cap. r8i,

Croohe, and the Vicar aforesaid respectively, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, they shall severally be entitled to, and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes, and Payments in lieu of Tythes, as they respectively could or might have done in case this Act had not been made; and from and immediately after the said Allotments for Tythes shall be set out, the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, John Crojfe Croohe, and the Vicar aforesaid respectively, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, shall be for ever exonerated and exempt from providing and keeping a Bull or Boar, or either of them, for the said Parish of Wil-Jhamstead.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That after the several Allotments herein-before directed to be made shall have been assigned and set out, the said Commissioners shall divide, set out, allot, and award ali the Residue of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a jult Compensation and Satisfaction for and equal to their several and respective Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, for which no Allotment or Compensation is herein-before specifically directed to be made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments hereinbefore directed to be set out, allotted, and awarded to the said 'Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, in Right of the said Ann, John Crojfe Croohe, and the Vicar aforesaid respectively, their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns in lieu of Glebe Lands and Right of Common, and the several Allotments herein-before directed to be set out, allotted, and awarded for and in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, shall be respectively inclosed and fenced on all such Parts or Sides thereof as 111 ill not be directed by the said Commissioners to be made and maintained by foine other Proprietor or Proprietors, with Quickset Hedges and Ditches, or other proper Mounds or Fences, with proper Ports, Rails, and other Guard Fences to such Quick-let Hedges, within such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint, at the l'xpence of a!! or such of the Pio-prietors of the Iannis and Grounds which shall be exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act, and in such Manner and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint; and such Hedges, Ditches, and other Fences (after the same shall have been properly made) shall be pre-served, repaired, and maintained by and at the Expence of the several Proprietors to whom the same shall be allotted or directed to belong.

XXV. And belt further enacted, T’rat the said Commissioners shall set out, appoint, and award such Boundary Hedges, Ditches, and Fences for the inclosing, foparatintr, and dividing the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as they shall think necessary; and the said Hedges, Ditches, and Fences shall be made, and at all Times thereafter repaired, by such of the said Proprietors to whom the said Lands and Grounds shall be allotted (except as herein-before is particularly directed to the contrary) within such Times and in such Manner and Proportions as the said Commissioners, by their Award, or any

Writing

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i8r. Z^yi

"Writing under their Hands in that Behalf, shall award, order, dire# or appoint, and the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners in that Behalf shall be binding and conclusive to the several Parties so interested in and entitled to such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Proprietors of c itrs msv te the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, Sr jj’.p r s shall have full Power and Liberty, from Time to Time, and at all Times a,td r Vvr after the Execution of the said Award, to set up and continue a Swing Gate

or Swing Gates across any Part or Parts of the Publick or Private Bridle r" Jv°" Roads or Ways, or Private Carriage and Drift Roads, to be made and set out through their respective Allotments, or across any Freeboard or Meerway, for keeping out Cattle, and separating such Proprietors Allotments, so as such Gate or Gates shall not prevent any Person or Persons entitled o use the said Roads with or without Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, from passing or repairing along such Roads, or enjoying any Right, Title, or Property which he, she, or they ought to have or enjoy over such Road,

Freeboard, or Meerway.

XXVII. And Be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomso- No rattle to

ever shall graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any of '*

rhe Roads or Ways which the said Commissioners shall order or direct to ways so Scve* be let out and fenced on both Sides for the Space of Seven Years next Ve"'a-after the making and executing of the said Award, under a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Bead, Horse, Sheep, or Lamb which shall be found therein, to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall take and impound the fame, and every Proprietor and Occupier of Lands within the said Parish, and their and every of their Servants, Labourers, and also the Hayward or Pindar of the said Parish for the Time being, is and are hereby empowered to take and impound every such Bead, Hoise, Sheep, or Lamb, which shall be so found grazing as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after any Quicksets shall be planted next the said Roads or Ways so fenced oil" as aforesaid, before the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where there are any Home-deads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds in the Parish of Wiljhamjtead aforesaid, subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes, the respective Proprietors whereof shall not be entitled to any, or not to a fudiciem intered or Property in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, to make Compensation for the Tythes of such Homedeads, Gardens, Orchards, or other inclosed Lands or Grounds, if the said Cotnmidioners shall not, with the Consent of such Proprietors, allot a fufRcient Part of such Inclosures in lieu of the Tythes thereof, or in lieu of so much of such Tythes as shall not be compensated by the Imercds of such Proprietors respectively in the Lands to.be divided and allotted, then such Proprietors Ih. 11 respectively pay unto such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall judge and determine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction, according to the Proportions aforesaid, for the Tythes of such Homedeads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds relpec-trvely, or of such Part thereof for which a Compensation in Land shall

How Proprietors of Old ’n-closures, r ot having fiiffi. cirn* rptn FfeldLiuid.are to make Compensation foe T ytU*.

not

3672

Commissior-<r*empowered to fct out Common JPaftures.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 181.

not have been mjide as aforesaid; and the several Sums of Money to be paid in respect of such Tythes shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution; and the Sum and Sums of Money which shall by the said Commissioners be ordered to be paid in Compensation for Tythes shall be recoverable in the same Manner and by the fame Methods as the said Commissioners are herein-after authorized to take and use for the Recovery of the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act; and in cale there shall be any Surplus of such Monies, after defraying such Expences as aforesaid, such Surplus Money shall be divided between the several Persons iiiterested in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in such Shares as shall be in Proportion to their respective Property and Interests, and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants thereof in Fee Simple, shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act in those Cales wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses. f

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Proprietors entitled to Rights of Common in or over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall request to have their Common Rights compensated by a Common I’assure, instead of difbnet Allotments of Land, and shall give Nonce thereof to the said Commissioners within such Time as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose appoint, and if the Commissioners shall be of Opinion that the Number of Proprietors who shall have made such Request, shall be fufii-cient to enable the said Commissioners to set out such an Allotment as will answer the Purpose of a Common Pasture, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to set out and allot to and for the Proprietors making such Request, from and out of such Part of the Common Greens, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands aforesaid most convenient for that Purpose, such Parcel or Parcels thereof as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be an Equivalent and Compensation for the Right of Common to which the Proprietors making such Request shall be entitled; and if it should appear to the said Commissioners (without any such Request to them made) that any of the Common Greens. Common Pastures, or Waste Lands within the said Parish of IVII-jbnnijlead, byreason of Situation, the Stnallness of the Quantity, or Inter-section by Roads, or other Circumstances cannot be divided and inclosed to the Advantage of the Persons intcreffed therein, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to set out and allot the Herbage of such Common Greens, Common Failure, or Waste Lands as and for Common Pasture to such f the Proprietors of or Persons having Common Rights or other In-rcrefts in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to whom the same shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be most convenient and valuable in Situation, in or towards Satisfaction for the Rights and Interests of such Proprietors respectively; and the Lands so to be allotted for Common Pastures, whether the same shall be allotted at the Request of such Proprietors as aforesaid, or without such Request, shall be used and enjoyed by the respective Proprietors to whom 7 the

36 73

49° GEORGII III. Cap t8i.

the fame shall be allotted, and by their Successors and Tenants respectively, in such Proportions, and shall be (locked with such Kinds and '■lumber of Cattle, and at such Seasons and Times of the Year, and subject to fu;h Regulations and Orders for the equitable Enjoyment thereof, as the said Coqunissioners, by the Award to be by them made, fh -11 establish and direct; and the Soil of the Land which shall be so allotted for Common Pastures shall by virtue of this Act, immediately on the Allotment thereof, be vested in the Lord for the Time being of the Manor in which such Common Greens, Common Pastures, or Wade Land shall be situate, as the Conservator and Trustee of evqry such Allotment for the Per ions to whom the Rights of Common thereon shall be allotted.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lands may be

Commissioners, if they shall judge it expedient, uoon the Request in ■JeduSed’rom ,lr , , 1 J 1,/r r r Allotmrntsfor

Writing to them made at any or their Meetings to be held in pursuance or Spences. '

this Act, previous to the setting out any of the Allotments herein-before i directed to be made, of any of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed, or of any Common Right or other Interest therein, except the Vicar aforesaid, whether seised in Fee, or Tenant in Tail, or for Life or L'ves, or for any Number of Years determinable upon a Life or Lives, or for any other determinable Estate or Interest, or at the Request of the respective Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attarnies, of or for any of such Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunaucs, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or of the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, or the major Part of them respectively, to deduct from the Value and Amount of the Allotment or respective Allotments of such Owner or Owners by whom or on whose Behalf such Request shall be made as aforesaid, so much as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal to his, her, or their Share and Proportion, or respective Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and of fencing the remaining Allotment or Allotments of such Owner or Owners respectively, and the Land so deducted shall be allotted to and divided amongst such of the other Owners and Proprietors who shall be charged with and shall pay such Charges and Expences, in Proportion to the Sums they shall respectively pay or contribute thereto: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the Proprietor or Person from whose Allotment Land shall be deducted as aforesaid, to charge his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, with any Money towards.

Payment of such Expences: Provided also, that the Land lb to be deducted shall not exceed in Value the Sum of Money which such Proprietor or Person would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her, or their Estate or Estates under or by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act.

XXXI. And, for the more convenient Situation and Dispofuion of the Powprtomake several Farms, Lands, and Estates in the Parish of H'iljhamjlcad aforesaid, Exchanges, upon and after the said intended Division and Inclosure, be it further en-

acted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to assign and let out any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Part or farts of such Allotments, or any Messuages, Cottages, old inclosures,

[L,oc. b3 Per.] 40 T Tenements,

3674-

Expence of

Exchanges and Partitions to be brsrne by the Part it*.

Proprietors nwy fell their Allotments before the Execution of the Award.

CommifBonert

io dhtin u fh bands hrid by different Tenures o-under different Titles.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 181.

Tenements, Rents, or other Hereditaments, situate or arising within the said Parish of Wiijhamstead in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Messuages, Cottages, old Inclosures, Allotments, Tenements, Rems, or other Hereditaments in Wdjhamjlead aforesaid, or within any adjoining l’arish or Place, so that every such Exchange be ascertained, declared, and set forth in the Award of the said Commissioners, and so that every such Exchange be made by and with the Consent and Approbation of the respective Proprietors or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, C rporate, or Collegiate, seised or possessed, or in Receipt of the Rents or other Profits of the Hereditaments which shall respectively be so exchanged, or by and with the Consent of the Hufbaftds, Trustees, or Guardians, Committees or Attornies, of or acting for any such Proprietors or Persons so seised or possessed respectively, who at the Time of making any such Exchange shall be under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consents to be respectively testified by Writing under the Hands of the consenting Parties, or under the Common Seal of any of them, being a Corporation Aggregate; and every such Exchange so to be made and declared shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, tef-tified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bifhcp of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Celts, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who hath or have, or shall have or may be entitled to any Estate, Right, or Interest in, upon, or over any of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to sell and dispose of such respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; anri it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to award all and every such Allotment or Allotments which shall be sold or disposed of, or which shall be made or set out to any Purchaser or Purchasfers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall be seised or possessed of Lands or other Hereditaments in the said Parish of WHJhair.Jtead, held by different Tenures, or for, by, or under different Estates or Titles, the said Commissioners shall (upon the Request of the Persons so seised or possessed respectively) inquire into, afeerrain, and determine the respective Lanus or other Hereditaments held by such several Tenures, or for, by, or under such different Estates or Titles respectively, and shall set out distinct Allotments in respect of such Parts thereof as shall lie or arise within the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and Wastes hereby directed to be divided_and inclosed, (regard being had to the

Deductions

3675

49° GEORGII III. Cap. lit.

Deductions which shall have been made for the Tythes of ancient Inclosures held by the fame Tenures, and for the fame Estates respectively.)

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Legacy, Annuity, Mortgage, Debt, Rent Charge, or Incumb: Juice whatsoever, in, out of, upon, orany-wife afiefting any of the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments which shall be partitioned, exchanged, or assigned in Compensation for any other Estate or Right by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but as well the Land allotted, as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments which shall be alligned on any Partition, or in Exchange or in Compensation for any other Estate or Right, shall immediately after such Allotment, Partition, Exchange, or Alignment shall be made, be veiled, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the fame shall be allotted, assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be seised thereof respectively to, for, and upon such and the fame Ul’es, Estates, Intents, Trulls, and Purposes respectively, and subject and liable to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Conditions, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the several Messuages, Lands, Ty'hes, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments, Assignments, and Exchanges shall have been made, should or would have flood severally limited, settled, or veiled, or subject or liable to be charged with, or held or affected by, in case the fame had not been inclosed, assigned, or exchanged, and this Act had not been made iTave and except such Leases and Tenancies at Rack Rent as shall become void by virtue of this Act, and subject nevertheless to such Mortgages, Sales, Charges, and Incumbrances as shall be made by the Authority and in pursuance of this Act).

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall immediately after the fame respectively are made, be held under and subject to such. and the fame Tenures, Cuilonis, Heriots, Rents, and Services, as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments respectively shall be made are now held under and subject to.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they in their Discretion shall think fit, to determine all and every or any Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements at Rack Rent now fubTiding for any Term of Years, or from Year to Year, or at "Will, of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and of all or any Part of the Lands and Hereditaments within the Parish of Wiljhamjlead aforesaid, which shall be exonerated from Tythes, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, as to the Whole or any Part of such Land in any such Lease to be comprised, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to adjudge and determine what Satisfaction shall be made by the respective Lessors or Landlords to the Lessees or Tenants respectively, for the Determination of their Interests in such Lands and He-

5 reditaments*

Act nqt to assecHVillas'idt Ueeds, Uc.

Lense' atR ic)c Kent may be determined.

36>5 49° GEORGII III. Cap. i&i.

rcditaments, and upon Payment, at the Time or Times by the said Commissioners to be appointed, of the Sum or Sums which shall be so adjudged to be paid, and not otherwise, such respective Interests shall cease and de* termine.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein the said Cointni(lionets shall not determine any such Lease or Agreement, the respective T enants shall hold and enjoy such Lands and Grounds as shall be allotted in lieu of their former Lands and Rights of Common, and such inclosed Lands as shall be exempted from Tythes, upon the Payment of such advanced Rents to the respective Lessors or Landlords thereof, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, between Landlord and Tenant, and shall by Writing under their Hands af-certain and direct; and in every Cafe in which any Lease or Agreement to be determined by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall comprise any Lands and Hereditaments in the said Parish of Wiljhamjlcad, or in any other Parish as to which such Lease or Agreement shall not by virtue of this Act be determined, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to apportion and direct what Part of the Rent by such Lease or Agreement reserved shall be dtdufted in respect of the Lands as to which such Lease or Agreement shall be determined, and the Rent to be by the said Commissioners in every such Case as aforesaid ascertained and apportioned, shall, during the Remainder of the Term of the Lease or Agreement be the Rent or Rents payable in respect thereof, and shall be payable at such Times and in such Proportions, and recoverable in like Manner as the Rent originally reserved by any such Lease or Agreement was and is payable and recoverable.

romfetr

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall,

liuilvndiy. as poon after t]1e puffing of this Act as conveniently may be, by Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed on one of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of Wil/hamjlead aforesaid, on some Sunday, order and direct the Course of Huffiandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said intended Division and Allotments, as well with respect, to the laying down, ploughing, fouing of Grass, Turnips, or other Seeds, fallowing and tilling thereof, as to the (locking and eating the Fallows or Stubbles, and also to the cutting of Furze, Thorns, or Bushes upon the said Lands and Grounds, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed as aforesaid, make such further Orders, Dirtftions, and Regulations touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, for preventing them from committing Wade thereon, or upon any Part thereof, until the Execution o( the Award of the said Commissioners, as to them shall seem expedient, all which Orders, Directions, and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties concerned; and that the said Commissioners shall set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures on every Person not conforming to such Orders, Directions, and Regulations as they shall think necessary, nor exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, and the said Commissioners shall also settle and determine what additional Rent shall be paid in respect of such Lands, and the Tythes thereof respectively, as drall in the Season immediately 5 preceding

CommiiTon-

ers to. feertam Rents for JL;i; as to wh:ch Lease* shall i ot be determined.

3677

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 18 r.

preceding the passing of this Act be cropped otherwise than in the customary Way, or contrary to any fubfn'ting Agreement, such additional Rent to be paid and payable at the same Time and in the same Manner as the original Rent

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where on the said intended Division and Inclosure any Allotment or Allotments shall be made and let out, which or any Part of which shall not have been sown with any Sett of Corn or Grain, but shall have been ploughed, tilled, folded, or manured, or on which there shall at the Time of letting out such Allotment be any Tillage, Manure, or other Preparation for a Crop, the Person or Persons to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall be made and belong shall pay to the Person or PeTons who shall have ploughed, tilled, folded, or manured the fame, or his Executors or AdminL rators respectively, such Sum and Sums of Money, and at such Time as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and think reasonable, and by an Order or Orders under their Hands (which Order or Orders they are hereby empowered and required to make) shall direct; and in case any Sum of Money so ordered shall not be paid at the Time appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, the same shall be raised, levied, and recovered in such Manner as the Expences of passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, are directed to be raised, levied, and recovered.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any Time when they in their Judgement shall think it necessary and convenient, by Notice for that Purpose under their Hands, to be affixed on any One of the Outer Doors of the Pariflr Church of Wil-JhamJlead aforesaid, on some Sunday, to extinguish or suspend all or any Part of the Right of Common in, upon, or over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or any of them, and from and after such Notice given all such Rights of Common as shall by such Notice or Notices be directed or declared to be extinguished or suspended, shall cease and be utterly extinguished, or shall otherwise be suspended for such i ime as the said Commissioners shall in and by such Notice direct.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if during the Suspension, or after the Extinguishment of any Right of Common, any of the said Proprietors or Occupiers shall turn or permit his, her, or their Cattle to go, departure, or feed on any of the Lands or Grounds suspended or extin-guished from Common, then it shall and may be lawful tr> and for any of the said Proprietors or Occupiers to diitrain such Cattle being upon Inch Lands or Grounds contrary to such Order, and to impound the fame until the Owner or Owners of such Cattle shall pay to the Person or Persons so distraining the fame, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for each of the Cattle distrained, and in case the same shall not be paid before the next Meeting of the said Commissioners after such impounding, then the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, upon Proof of such Offence having been committed, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Cattle so distrained, or such Part thereof as they shall think sufficient, to be sold for railing and paying the Penalty aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges attending such DirtreE and Sale, and the Expences of keeping such Cattle, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Cattle.

[Lac. Is" Per.\ 40 Z

Proprietor* make Satisfaction for ploughing Alio ttunti.

Commiflr Tier® may fuf pend or e*-tinguish 1. m-mon Kigtot*.

Penalty on Persons tin n-ing Ca1 tie into Lands suspended from Rights ot Common.

36;8

Reduced P'an to be annexed t3 the Award.

Axtard to be deposited in the Parish Church.

Power for Two Just c s to declare any of the Roads completed.

Crfnnrffinn. cr £x'.cr.ce«» &c.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. iBi.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause Two reduced Plans of the said Parish to be drawn upon Vellum, on which the Public and Private Roads, Paths, and Drains, with the Boundary Fences of the several Allotments mentioned and described in the said Award, and such other Matters and Things as the said Commissioners shall think proper to be described therein, shall be fairly and diiiinclly delineated, marked, and expressed, and the said Commissioners shall sign bfcth the said Plans, One of which shall be annexed to the said Award, and the other shall be annexed to or shall go and be kept with the Enrolment thereof, and also the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make and annex to the said Award a Schedule describing and felling forth the Quantities of all and every the Home-Heads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures in the Parish of IVII-JhamJlead aforesaid, and an Alphabetical Index and Reference to the principal Matters in the said Award contained.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, when enrolled according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be deposited in the Church Chelt of IVilJhamJlead aforesaid, or l'ome other safe Place in the said Parish Church.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That when and so loon as any of the Public Carriage Roads to be set out in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, shall be completed and put into good and sufficient Repair, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Bed-/ord, or any Two of them, at any Special Session or Meeting to be holden for the Purpose, to declare such Road or Roads to be fully and sufficiently formed, completed, and repaired, from which Time and for ever thereafter such Road or Roads shall be supporred and kept in Repair by such Persons, and in like Manner as the Publick Roads now ate or ought by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That each of the Commissioners who (trail ad in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act shall be paid the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for each Day he shall be employed in or about the Execution of this Act, or in travelling to and from any Meeting for that Purpol'e, so as the fame do not exceed One Day in travelling to, and One Day in travelling from any such Meeting, and that the fame, and all the Colls, Charges, and Expellees incident to and artending the obtaining and passing this Act, of surveying, adtneafuring, planning, dividing, allotting, and discharging from Tythes the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and the several Ilomciteads and ancient Inclosures in the Parish of IVilJhamJlead aforesaid, and of fencing and making the Publick Roads to be set out, of preparing and enrolling the said Award, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, and of the several Persons to be employed by them either before or after the Execution of the said Award, or in, about, or concerning the Execution of this Act, Hull be borne, paid, and defrayed by all and every the Proprietors and Owners of, or Persons having Rights or Intereils in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed; and the Homelteads and ancient Inclosures which shall be exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act,

7 (other

49* GEO R G11 III. Cap. 18 r.

(other than and except the said Thomas Hind and Ann his Wife, John Croffs Crooks, and Anthony Dauvert, the Vicar aforesaid, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns respectively, or the Persons seised of the said Glebe Land and Tythes for the Time being, in respect of the Allotments to be made in lieu of Glebe Land and Tythes, and also except the Persons from whole respective Allotments Deductions shall have been made for their respective Shares of the Expences of Inclosure), in such Proportions, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as shall be settled, adjusted, determined, and appointed by the said Commissioners, by any Writing under their Hands, and in case any of the said Proprietors, or Persons having such Rights or Ii.terefts, shall refute or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, or respective Shares or Proportions of such Charges and Expences within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, then and in such Case the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so te-fusing or neglecting to pay, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting tire Costs and Charges of taking and felling such Did re's, or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to enter into and upon the Lands and Tenements so to be allotted to or taken in Exchange, or upon Partition, by such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, or into and upon the Homesteads and other ancient Inclosures of any such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, which shall be exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act, and to receive the Rents and Profits thereof respectively, until thereby, or therewith, or otherwise, the Share or Proportion, or respective Shares or Proportions of the aforesaid Costs, Charges, and Expences directed and appointed by the said Commissioners to be paid by such Person or Persons respectively, and also all Costs: ( barges, and Expences occasioned determined by and attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall respectively be fully paid and satisfied; or it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon any Refusal or Neglect of Payment of their Proportion of the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, by any Person or Persons to whom any Allotment frail have been made by virtue of this Act, to raise by Sale or Mortgage in Fee, or for Years, of the Allotment or Allotments to him or them made, or of any Part or Parts thereof, Money sufficient to pay the Share and Proportion of the Person and Persons so refusing or neglecting, of the Charges and Expences last mentioned, and also all the Charges and Expences of and incident to such Sale or Mortgage. -

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be advanced for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining and puffing this Act, shall be repaid with lawful Interest to the' Pet (on or Persons advancing and paying the fame out of the Money which shall be fit ft raised to defray the Expences of passing and executing this Act.

Money »d-vaneed for p ffn^ the Aft to be i t paid with Intcrclt,

3680

Proprietor* wider Disability ena led t boriow Money.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i8r.

XLVITI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of any of the Allotments to be made, or of any of the Homesteads, Orchards, and ancient Icdofures to be exonerated from Tythes in pursuance of this Act, or of any Part thereof, and to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, of or for any of the said Owners or Proprietors who may be under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, and to and for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies for any of the fame Owners or Proprietors, and to and for any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for a Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon any other Contingency, or otherwise intereded as aforesaid, and to and for every of them respectively (other than and except the said Vicar and his Successors, and such Perl'on from whose Allotments Deductions shall have been made for the Payment of the Expences of Inclosures V by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to charge such respective Allotments, Homesteads, and ancient Inclosures, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, with any Sum or Sutn* of Money at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, not exceeding hive Pounds for every Acre of Land or Ground so to be allotted, and for every Acre of such Homesteads, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures which shall be exonerated from Tythes by a Compensation in Land out of the said Open and Common Fields or other Commonable Lands and Grounds, to be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint, in order to be applied in defraying the several Shares and Proportions of such respective Proprietors of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, and of dividing and inclosing the respective Allotments, and to charge the several Homesteads and ancient Inclosures which shall be exonerated from Tythes wholly or in Part by any Payment in Money, with any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Amount of the respective Payments which shall be made by the Directions of the said Commissioners, as a Compensation for such Exoneration from Tythes, and in Discharge of the Proportion and Share of the Expences of passing this Act and carrying the fame into Execution, which shall be ai'certained and apportioned by the said Commissioners in respect of the Homesteads and ancient Inclosures so exonerated, and for securing the Re-payment of such respective Sums with Interest, to grant, mortgage, fur render, cr de-mile such Lands and Tenements respectively, to luch Person or Persons as shall respectively advance and lend such Sum and Sums, and to his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in Fee, or for any Term or Number of Years, so as every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to ceale and be void, or with an express Trust to be re-conveyed or furtendered when such Sum or Sums of Money therthy to be secured, and the Charges occasioned by preparing and executing such Security, and of borrowing such Sum or Sums or Money, with Interest for the fame respectively, shall be paid and satisfied; and so as in every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demise, which shall by virtue of this Act be made by any Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon any other Contingency there be contained a Proviso or Condition that no Per foil who shall afterwards become entitled in Remainder or Re-version to the Lands or Tenements therein comprised shall be liable to pay

any

3681

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 181.

any further or larger Arrear of Interest in respect of the Money so to be charged as aforesaid, than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such PosseUion shall have commenced.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That in the Place of any such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demifc as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Deed} or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, at the Request of any of the said Owners and Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or otherwise interestrd as aforesaid, who shall respective !y pay and discharge his, her, or their Part and Proportion of the Payment, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, to authorize and empower such Owners and Proprietors, or either of them making such Request, to charge and subject the said Lands and Grounds so to be exonerated from Tythes, or allotted to or for them respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the reflective Sums herein-before limited, with littered for the same as aforesaid, which Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged as last aforesaid shall be payable within One Year next after the Decease of every such Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or other the Determination of any such Contingent Edate or Intered respectively, with Intered, to be computed from his, her, or their respective Decease, or from the Determination of such Contingent Edate or Intered, unto such Person or Persons as such respective Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon such other Contingency respectively, by any Deed or Will duly executed and atteded, shall direct or appoint, and in Default of such Direction or Appointment, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that every Sale, Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Demifc, Charge, or Appointment, by Deed or Will, which shall be made-by virtue and in pursuance of the Powers given by this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes hereby intended.

L. And be it further enacted, That Once in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act, to be computed from the Time when the first Rate shall be uireded by the said Commissioners to be paid a3 aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a just Sta'ement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when lo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before Lome one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Bedford, not interested in the said Inclosure, to be examined and balanced, and the said Balance flat 11 be stated in a Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Cetnmissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless tire fame shall be duly allowed by such Justice.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Notices and Adveitisements ne-ceifary or requisite to be made or given by the said Commissioners, and not he rein-before or otherwise directed, Hull be so made and given by Advertiseineut in the Northampton Mercury and County Press for Northamptonshire, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, and Huntingdonshire, or One of them; or in case neither of them shall then be published, then in l'ome other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Bedford.

[Lw. C? Per.] 41 A

Or charge the Land.with ths Proportion of Eipencei. ice.

Accounts to be patfed before a Magistrate.

Advenile-ments in Newspaperai

3682

Damaging Fences, &c.

Appeal,

General

Saving.

49® GGEORGII III. Cap. 181.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons fhalT wilfully or unlawfully break down, dellroy, carry away, or damage any Fence, Stile, Post, Pale, Rail, Gate, Bridge, or Tunnel which may be put up or placed under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Ptace for the said County of Bedford, on ConfelTion, or on Proof of the Offence by Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized to administer, shall for every such Offence pay to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Fence, Stile, Poll, I’ale, Rail, Gate, Bridge, or Tunnel which shall be so broken down, destroyed, carried away, or damaged, such Fine and Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, as such Justice shall determine, direct, and order j and every Person shall be allowed to give Evidence of such Offence, notwithstanding he may be a Proprietor or Occupier of Lands within or an Inhabitant of such Parish, and notwithstanding he may be the Owner of any such Fence, Stile, Post, Pale, Rail, Gate or Tunnel; and if any such Fine or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall by Warrant of such Justice be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, and for want of Distress, in case the Fine or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit every such Offender to the House of Correction for the said County of Bedford, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing whatsoever to be done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, (other than and except in such Cases where the Orders, Determinations, Resolutions, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are hereby or by the said recited Act directed to be final, binding, and conclusive, and also except in such Cases where an Issue at Law is herein before directed,) then and in such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Bedford next after Two Calendar Months from the Time when such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Twenty Days previous Notice to the Parties appealed against of the Intention of bringing such Appeal, and the Justices in their said Quarter Session are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to cause to be levied the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties ordered and made liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners' of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charge* of every such Distress and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon such Appeal shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be subject or liable to be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or

5 Bodies

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 181: 3683

Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors. Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all such Right, Title, and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

LV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Aa may be the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so e'vuTcnee. printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. ■Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

C^. 182.

An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Insurance Company of Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

[19/^6 June 1809.]

WHEREAS several Persons have formed themselves into a Society or Partnership in the City of Dublin, under the Name of the Royal Exchange Insurance Company of Ireland, and have subscribed or raised very considerable Sums in order to carry on the Business of insuring Ships and Merchandize from the Hazard and Danger of the Seas, and so forth, and also for insuring Houses and other Property from Loss or Damage by Fire, and also to effetft Infu-rances on Lives, and to grant and purchase Annuities: And whereas the Public hath been greatly benefited by the* Formation of such Societies or Partnerships for the Purposes aforesaid, with competent Capitals to carry on the fame, and a considerable Revenue is derived to His Majesty therefrom: And whereas Difficulties have arisen, and may from Time to Time arise, as well in recovering Debts which are, or shall or may grow due to the said Society or Partnership called " The Royal Exchange Insurance Company of Ireland," as in prosecuting Persons who may steal or embezzle the Property of, or who may commit or be guilty of any other Offence against or with the Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership, as by Law all the several Members, Partners, or Proprietors of and in such Society or Partnership for the Time being, muff in such Cases sue and prosecute by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions: Wherefore for avoiding and removing such Difficulties, and for moie easily carrying into execution the several Undertakings herein-before mentioned: May it please Your Majesty, That it may be enatted, and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Afliona may the Authority of the same, That all Actions and Suits to be com- i^Na^of" menced or insticuted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partner- the Sectary. [Lee. Per.] 41 C ship,

3689

Act not to incorporate, or relieve from Respon-Ability.

[Public Act.]

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 182.

Hup, or of the Members, Partners, or Proprietors interested therein for the Time being against any Person or Persons, (whether such Person or Persons is, are,or shall then be a Member or Members, Pirt-ner or Partners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of and in the said Society or Partnership or not,) or against any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate,shall or lawfully may becommcncedor instituted and profecuced in the Name or Names of the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being, of the said Society or Partnership, as the nominal Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for and on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership, or of the Members thereof, or Partners or Proprietors interested therein, for the Time being; and all Actions and Suits to be commenced or instituted against the said Society or Partnership, shall be commenced, instituted, and prosecuted against the Secretary or Secretaries, for the Time being, of the said Society or Partnership, as the Nomina! Defendant, for and on the Behalf of the said Society or Partnership; and that all Prosecutions to be brought or instituted by or on the Behalf of the said Society or Partnership for Fraud upon, or against, or for Embezzlement, Kobbery, or Healing the Property of the said Society or Partnership, or for any other Offence committed against, or with the Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership, or the Members thereof, or the Partners or Proprietors therein for the Time being, shall or lawfully may be so brought or instituted and carried on in the Name or Names of the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being, of the said Society or Partnership; and in all Indictments and Informations-it shall be lawful to state the Property of the said Society or Partnership to be the Property of the Secretary or Secretaries, for the Time being, of the said Society or Partnership; and any ;Offence committed with the jntpnt to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership, or the Members thereof, dr the Partners or iProprit;ors interested therein, for the Time being, shall and lawfully may, in such Prosecution, be laid to have been committed with Indent to injure or defraud the Secretary or Secretaries, for the Time being, of the said Society or Partnership, and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence, and the Death, Resignation, or Remqval, or other Act of such Secretary or Secretaries, shall not abate any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend to incorporate the said Society or partnership, or to relieve or discharge the said Society or Part-nerthip or any of the Members thereof or Partners or Proprietors therein for the Time being respectively from any Responftbility, Contrafts, Duties, or Obligations whatsoever, which by Law they may now or at any Time hereafter be subject or liable to either as between stich Society or Partnership and others, or between the or any of the individual Members of such Society or Partnership and others, or among themselves, or in any other manner whatsoever.

III. And beic further enacted, That this Aftshallbe deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by Georcb Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 183.

An Act for making new Sewers and Drains, and amending the present Sewers and Drains within certain Districts under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldfey, in Surrey, to Ravensborne, in Kent, and for other Purposes relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the said Limits.

[19th yune 1809.]

WHEREAS the several Parish.es of Lambeth and Christchurch, and of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Olave, and Saint Thomas, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, have of late Years become very populous, and by the increase of Dwelling Houses, and other Buildings within the same, the present Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, in the several Districts of Archbishop’s Sluite, Arnold Sluice, Dover Sluice, Paddin? Mill Stream, Bur’s Head Sluice, Black L:on Sluice, Bear Sluice, Bridge House Sluxe, and Battle Bridge Mill Stream, situate within the said Parishes, have become insufficient, and have been encroached upon and narrowed, whereby the Drainage through the lame has been greatly annoyed and obstruiikd: And whereas it is nectflary not only to enlarge and amend the present Sewers Drains, and Watercourses, but aif.i to make new Sewers Drains, Watercourses, and other Works,-as well for the Health and Comfort of the several Inhabitants, as for the Improvement [Loc. & Per.~\ 4* D of

3694-

Commission. e nf tvrrra empowered to am'iHi old Seven, make new ones, and other Works.

Notice to be given ot making new Sewers.

49® GF.ORGIi III. Cap. 183.

of the Lands at d Tenements wiiinr Uic hud Irveia. i ifttitfl?, and the Border and Confines thereof: And wiit-.ta he fad Distnfts are under the J I ii/ion of 'he Con m ffionr s< t Sewn f r if;r Limits t xtending from B.c/i silt.pldjey, in the C unty of Surtey, to RavenJborJie, in the County of Kens, but the said Commissioners arc n t velt d wuh luffident Bowers oy Law to make new Seweis or Drains within the lame, or to enlaige or amend the present Sewers or Dr i i-, so as to effidt the beneficial Purposes before mentiored; be it therefore enade f, by ihr King’s most Excellent M-jefiy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords S, iri.uai and Temporal, and Commons, in ti.is j relent Parliament atirmb1-<i, and by the Amhoriiy of the fame, That the Commissioners of Sewi rs, for the Limits aforesaid, for the Tin e bring, shall from and after the passing thi* Ad. luve Pc-wer and Authoihy, from Tirre to Time, as they shall lee Octafion, to widen, deepen, i mbauk, alter, arch over, remove, amend, cleanse, and scour all and every or any of the Sewers, Drain5, Watercuuifes, Sinks, Vaults, Privies, Encroachments, Bridges, Penflocks, Nuisances, Impediments, and Ai noyancts within the said several Diffridts cf Archbishop's Sluice, Arcolc Sluice, Dover Sluice, Puddirg Mill Strecm Boar's Head Sluice, Black Lion Sluice, Bear Sluice, Bridge House Sluice, and Battle Bridge Mill Stream, and the Borders and Confines thereof; and to form, make, and lay out new Severs, Drain', Watercourses, Sinks, Vaults, or Privies in, under, or across all or any of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and publick Ways, made or to be nude wit* in any of the said Distiidls, or the Borders or Co fines thereof, and also under and subject to the Regulations herein-aftei mentioned, in, under, or through any Lands or Tenements in the said Diflridls, or in the Borders and Confines thereof; and to make, con-flrudt, and perform Reservoirs, Engines, Sluices, Penflocks, or any other Work or Works for the better draining the said Districts and Places; and all and every such Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, Sinks, Vaults, and Privies, Reservoirs, Engines, Sluices, Penflocks, and other Works shall at all Times bt subject to the Controul, Order, Direction, Prefcrvaiion, and Management of the Commissioners of Sewers, for the said Limits for the T me being, and of their Surveyors and Officers as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid out of the Rates and Assessments to be made in pursuance and by virtue of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Fourteen Days at the lead previous to the Determination of the said Commissioners of the making any new Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, under the Authority of this Act, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to give Notice in Writing, signed by their Clerk, to the Churchwardens or One of them, of each of the Parishes wherein the said Diflridls are situate, by delivering the same to, or leaving it at their or either of their Dwelling Houses; and also affixing a Copy of the said Notice on the Church Door cf each of the said Parishes of the making such new Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, being under the Consideration of the said Commissioners; in which Notice there shall be contained the Name or Names of the Place or Places through or near which the said Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains shall be intended to pass; and also the Places of the Commencement and Termination thereof-, and also the Time and Place appointed for holding the Court or Meeting of the said Commissioners to consider thereof shall be specified in the said Notice, so that any Person or Persons who may * conceive

3^95

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

conctive himfc.'f, lerfrlf, or themf Ives 'nr r lied therein, or likely to be aggrieved tiiereb'’, m..v he heard y themfel ec, their Counfd, Attorney, or e'gi nt, and Witnesses, before the laui Commissioners at the said Court or Meeting, and thereupon the uid Commissioners shall and they are herrDy authorized to make such Order for the adhering to, or altering, or deviation from the said Line, as they shall judge fit and proper; and their Determination at the said Court or Meeting, or any Adjournment of the fame, shall be final and conclusive in the Premises.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That nn Sewer or Sewers, or any collateral Sewer or Sewers shall be made under or by virtue of the Authority of this Act, that shall pass or run through, crols, or into a Place, called West Square, in the said Parish or Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, unless the Inhabitant Houftkeepers of the said Place called West Square, or Two-thirds of huh Inhabitants, shall, in Writing signed by them, request the said Commissioners to make the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract for, agree with, and purchase filth or so much or any Lands, Grounds, Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments. wuhin the several Districts aforesaid, or the Borders and Confines thereof, from the several Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the fame, as they shall deem requisite, necessary, or convenient to be pu1 chafed for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and to pay such Sum or Sums ot Money as may be agreed upon for the fame; together with the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase, out of the Monies to be raised by this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole; and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of Lunatics, or other Trustees or Feoffees whatever, for or on Bthalf ot themselves, their Successors, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators; and for and on Behalf of any Infant, Feme Coverr, or Cejimque Trusts; and for all other Persons whatsoever, to contract and agree with such Commissioners for such Purchase, and to execute all necessary and reasonable Contracts, Agreements, Deeds, and Assurances in th- Law of and concerning the Premises, as shall be required by the said Commissioners; ail which Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Deeds, Conveyances, and Assurances shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoeverj and all such Persons are, and shall be indemnified for what they shall so do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

V. And be it fuuher enacted, That if any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or other Person or Persons herein-before described, whether jointly or severally possessed o<, interested in, or entitled unto, any Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, or Hercdlaments, mentioned and Ipe-cified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or of any Interest or Share therein, shall neglect or rctufe to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners of Sewers for the Sale thereof, at a Court of Sessions of Sewers, of which Eight Days Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, shall be given or ltfc upon the Premises so intended to be purchased or in case any Person or Persons claiming to be entitled to or interested in the said Premises, or any

4 of

No Sewer to be made in Weft Square unlefh on request of Inhabitants.

Commissioners of Sewers empoweied to pure bale Land by ixiuiu .1 Agreement,

Owners of

Lands and Tenements, mentioned in liie Schedule, compellable to fell to Cout• mWTtoneis,

3%<S ' 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

of them, shall not produce or evince a clerr Tide to die Prrm!ree, or to the In;cr>~ft claimed by them, to the Saisfadiun of the-said C 'itimilFi' iters of Sewers, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause Norice in Writing ficned determined by their Clerk, to be given or left as aforesaid, in or upon the Premi e*, of the Sum of Money they are willing to pay for the Purchas- t ereof; in which Notice a Time and Place shall be appointed for the Acceptance or Refusal of such Sum, which Time shall be at Iraft Eght Days after the Service of such Notice; and in case the Head Officer of any Bode Politic, Corporate, or Colleg ate, Ecclest.stical or Civil, Corporation Aagregate or Sole, or f me PerLn deputed on his or their Behalf, or any Perl'on interrfted in the Premises, in manner aforesaid, shall rt-fuse or neg! Ct to attend at such Time or Place, or shall then or after.yards refule to accept the said Sum for the Purchase of the said Premises, or of his, her, or their Interest or Interests therein, or shall refofe or be unable to make a clear Title to, or to convey such Premises or such I iterefl or Imerefts to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, then thr fa;d Commissioners inquiry of shall cause to be enquired into, afccTtamed, and asself d by and upon the

trade determined by^ 03;f* of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Surrey, what

Jury. Recompence shall be made to the Owners and Person or Persons interested

in any er every such Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Ground*, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or upon the Account of 'he taking of the fame by the said Commissioners; and in order thereto, the said Commissioners are hereby empowired from Time to Time, as Occasion shad be or require, to summon before the said Jury, and examine up1 n Oath any Pt-Tfon wiiom-soever as a Witness concerning the Premises; and t'ley shall also order and cause the Jury to view the Premise in question, if there be Occasion, and use all other Ways and Means for the Information of the said Jury, touching and concerning the Matter of the said Inquir , as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and aft r the said Jury shall have enqui ed of, ascertained, and afliffed such Recompence, the said Commissioners ot Sewers shall thereupon order, adjudge, ai d determine the Sum or urns of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to he paid to the B dy or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecc'efi stical 01 Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Trustees, or other Persons here-in-before described, interested in the said Lands, Messuages, Buddings, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, atord ng to futhVerdift or Inqu'fltion; and the Judgement, Older, or Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purpolrs, as well against the King’s Majesty, his Hmts and Successors, as ail Parties and Persons whomsorver, claim ng in Pifhflion, Reveifion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well abimr as prdent, whether the same are or labour under any Dilabiiity whatsoever, or otherwfe; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, and Occupie s, and Persons interested in such Lands, Grounds, Messuages, Tenerrenrs, Buddings, or Hereditaments shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Money so alfrfTcd as aforesaid, or upon Payment the eof into ihe Bank, or to the Aecynnr-ant-General of the Court of Chance y, as herein-after province, be from thencef. rth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of ail Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, or to the fame, and the said Lands, Giouuds, Me ffu ges, Buildings, Tentnienrs, or Here litaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners of Srwers, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, (o all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183. 3697

whatsoever, free from all Incumbrances, Charges, and Deductions whatsoever, the Rates and Taxes imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament only excepted: And for the summomng and returning such Jury to He Jury the said Commissioners of Sewers are hereby empowered to issue their 'mp Warrant to the Sheriff of the County of Surrey, requiring him to impan-nel, fuminon, and return Twenty-four or mote indifferent Persons to appear before the said Commissioners of Sewers, at such Time and Piaceas in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff or hi- Deputy is hereby required to impannel, summoo, and return such Number as lh II b. mentioned in the Paid Wariant; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Commissunrrs of Sewers shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve tu be drawn by Ballot; and in default of the Appearance of a sufficient Number of Persons so impannelled, the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured, to attend thereon, who shall be sworn in like Manner, until the Number of Twelve be completed, which shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid j and all Persons concerned shall haTe their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not be permitted to challenge the Array, or to challenge more than Fifteen of the said Persons so to be returned; and the said Commissioners of Sewers acting in the Premises shall have full Power from Time to Time,according to their Wisdom and Discretion, to impose any Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy, Bailiffs, or Agents, making default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury and shall not appear, or shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being fa sworn shall refuse to give, or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premiks, (halt refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence/

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Notice in Writing, signed Notice of jury by the Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, of the Time and Place to be given, appointed for the returning of the said Jury, shall be given to some Tenant

or Occupier, or other wise left upon the P.emiles intended to be taken.

Eight Days at lead before the Day appointed for the Return of the said

JUI7-

VII. Provided always and be it enacted, That if any of the Lands, Wrong De-Meffu3ges, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned ^e^cheduie and specifier! in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or any of the Persons in rot to prevent whose Possession or Occupation the fame or any Part thereof are or is dated E^-eution or described to be, or the Parishes and Places wherein the same are men- ot e tioned to be fiiuate, are misnamed or inaccurately described, then and in

such case, on the fame being certified by any Two of His Majesty's Judires of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, such Misnomer or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act but the fame Premises and every Part thereof shall and may be purchased and fold, or assessed and valued by a Jury, and conveyed, disposed of, and applied for and to the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually [Loc. fPer.] 41 £ at

3698

Separate Rights to be afielled by a Jury.

The Value of separate Inte-rests in Lands may be aOiC-ffd (epaiately.

49e GEORGII TIL Cap. 183.

as if the fame was or were properly named and described ir. the said Schedule.

VIII. And be it enaCEd, That in case more than One Body Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons herein-before described, shall be interested in any Land, Messuage, Building, Ground, Tenement, or Hereditament mentioned in the said Schedule, and One or more of the Parties so inte-relled shall refuse or neglect to treat with the said Commissioners for the Sale of his, her, or their several and respective Interests, or shall refuse the Sum or Sums to be offered for the fame, according to the Method herein-before appointed, or shall not evince or make out a clear Title thereto to the Satisfaction of che said Commissioners, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to agne with the Party or Parlies who are willing to treat for their several and respcCltve In-tertfts, and to purchase the fame, according to the Method herein-before appointed, and to cause a Jury to be impannelled, summoned, and sworn in the like Manner as is herein-before provided, which Jury shall enquire into, ascertain, and assess what Recompence shall be made for such separate and respective Interests and Estates of the Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting to treat or accept the Sum or Sums offered to them, and after Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums so ascertained and assessed, in the Manner herein directed for the Payment of Monies awarded by or through the Verdict of a Jury, such separate and respective Interests of such Person or Persons shall be vested in the said Commissioners, in the same Manner, and to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame were before such Ascertainment and Assessment vested in such Person or Persons, and all others claiming or to claim by, through, or under them: Provided always, that in all Cases where any One of the Parties interested shall refuse or neglect to treat with the said Commissioners of Sewers for their respective Interests, or to receive the Sum or Sums to them offered fur the fame, or shall not make out a clear Title in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Coramiffianers, if they shall deem it expedient, to decline treating with each and every Party and Parties interested in the Premises, for their respective Shares and Interests therein, and to cause the entire Sum to be paid for such Premises to be ascertained and assessed by a Jury, under the Provisions of this Act, in the same Manner as if each and every of the Party and Parries who have an Interest therein had refused or neglected in Manner aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, and the Jury so to be impannelled as aforesaid, in their Awards, Adjudications, Determinations, or Verdicts concerning the Value of Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and other Hereditaments shall and may separately and dillinctly ascertain or proportion off any particular Estate, Term, or Interest of or belonging to any Body Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or to any Person or Persons whomsoever in the Entirety of the Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be taken by or in conference of the Execution of the Powers of this A Cl, and shall affcfs and adjudge the Value of such separate or particular Estate, Term, or Interest, and the Money to be paid for the same, distinct and apart from each other.

49° GEORGII m. Cap. 183.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Recompence to be given and paid fir any Premises putthafed und r and by virtue of this Act, or for any Intertfl or Interests therein, shall be assessed and a'cer-tained by the Verdict or Affeflini nt of the Jury, impannelled to affeis and ascertain the fame, at no more or at a hf> Sum of Mo ey than what shall have been proposed or offered by the said Commifi >ners before they caused a Jury to be summoned and returned for the afurefaic Purposes; then, and in every such Case, th- Costs and Charges of summoning, returning, and maintaining the said Jury and all the Witnesses, Counsel, Assistants, and Agents consequent thereon, shall and may be deducted out of the Money afiessed and adjudged in Recompence aforesaid, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons interested in or entitled to such Recompence; and the Payment of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intencs and Purposes to be a Payment of the whole Sum or Sums so assessd and adjudged.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence from or being out of Great Britain, be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury, and all other the Expences of the said Commissioners in obtaining such Assessment shall be paid and discharged by the Exptnditor General or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Juryman who shall be I’worn for the Purposes of this Act shall, for his Trouble and Expence in the Premises, be allowed the Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence per Dav and no more; and the Sheriff, for impantielling and returning the said Jury, shall be allowed the Sum of One Pound One Shilling, and the further Sum of One Pound One Shilling for attending the said jury when returned; and his Officer for summoning the said Jury, the Sum of One Pound One Shilling, and no more, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, notwithstanding mure Assessments than One shall be made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contrafted or agreed for between the Parties, or assessed by such Juries in Manner respective’y as aforesaid, for the Perch ale of any such Lands, Messuages, Ba ldings. Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or as a Recompence f >r any yearly Produce or Profit there< f to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or to such other Person o Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Purchase Money respectively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for or assessed, or depofiring the fame in the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively (or before such Payment or Tender given, by Leave of the Owners or Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon such Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

together

3699

By whom C- Iti of Jury shall be paid.

I11 case of Alifeoce of Parries, the Costs nf Jury to he pa d by ti e Commis-ftoiici s.

A'lowance to J ir« and Sheriff.

Lands tov'ft

in the Commissi 11 rs, on P yinert or Te ..iei of the Value or Am unt of Damages.

3700

In case of Non payment' or Tender within Six Calendar Months, the Verdins shall not be bind. ing.

Application of Purchase Money if equal to 100I.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

together with the yearly Profits thereof; anrl all the Eft3te, Use, Trust, and Interest of any PersonW Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in, and become the sole Property of the said Commissioners, to and for the Purposes of this Act forever; and such 'lender, Paymcnr, or Deposit shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, of his, her, or their Issue, and of all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever interested therein: Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment, Tender, or Deposit as aforesaid shall be made, it shall not be lawful to or for the Paid Commissioners, or any Person or Persons acting under or by virtue of their Authority, to dig or cut, or take any Lands or Grounds, or to take down or remove any Tenements or other Hereditaments of the Person or Persons entitled to i'uch Payment, for the Purpose of making or constructing any Sewer, Drain, or Watercourfr, Reservoir, Engine, or any of the Works authorized by this Act, without the Leave or Consent of such Person or Persons respectively,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury shall not be paid, tendered, or deposited by the said Commissioners, as herein directed, within Six Calendar Months after the same shall have been affclTed, then and in such Case the Verdict of the said Jury, and the Order and Adjudication of the said Commissioners shall not be binding upon the said Parties; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and thereupon the said Parties shall be entitled to receive such Sum of Money in Recompence of the Colls and Charges which they may have lullaiiied by reason of such Inquiry, as to the said Commissioners shall appear to be just and reasonable.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Monies shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, which shall belong to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, or for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ccftuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftiid Setrlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the fame shall.amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners of Sewers, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Apptobation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or in Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or

ji of

37 01

1

49° GE OR-GIT III. Cap. 183.

of such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, afffting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenrme its, or Hereditaments, ft nding settled therewith, to the fame or the I k - Use', Intents, and Purpos-s, as the said Court shall authorize 2nd r heft; or where such M >nry shall not be so applied, then he fame shall he laid oitc and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fh.ili be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and s, a d in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Which shall be so purchaRd, taker), or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiting, Undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall behnvefted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum ConLlidated Bank Annuities, or Three Potfnds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, until the same shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid; and in thd mean Time the Dividends and annual Prcduft's of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed' or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, and belonging to any Body Politic or Corporate, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Body Politic or Cor-Jiorate, or the Person or Persons for the Time being intitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the larpe shall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners f such Approbation and Nomination to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating Parties, and of Six or more of the said Commissioners), in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends artfing thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, and used, for the

[Loc. Ss* Per.'] 41 F Purposes

Under »o®L but equal ce to!*

If left than

sol*

37°2

In rar? of Failure in making cut Till.-., &«..

Where any Question shall a r-fs ai to the Title to Muncy, the Person who shall be in Pofiel-lion of the Lindt, etc, to be deemed entitled I hereto.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

Purports of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall think fir; or in case ol Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to the Guardians or Guardian, Comm.ttee or Committees of such Infant or Lunatic, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enadrd. That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums ot Money shall be awarded for the Purchaseiof ^ny Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tencu ents, or other Herpditao.erts to be purchased, taken, or uftd by virtue of this Act, shall rcfule to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Fremfe, to the Satisfadionjof the said Comm flioncis; or in case the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements or ptfier Hereditaments, be not known or dri-covered, then and in every such Cart it.shall and pay be lawful to and for the said Connn jlionets to order the jfjfd Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, tolpe.paid jn;o the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, so be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands*_ Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, (describing than} subject to the O iler, Controul, and Difpcfuion of the said Court otChanceiyj which said Court of Chancery on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to fu ll Sum or Sums oi Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to ordtr the f«mc to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof or for Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the relptftive Estate or Ellates, Title orlnterest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and teasonable; and the Cashier or Cafiuers of the Bank of England who dial) receive such Sum or Sums of Money is or are hereby requited to give a Receipti or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That where any

Qudlion shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Rjghr, or Interest in any Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, or other Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank. Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, or other Hereditaments in respect whereof such Money shall have been fa paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements or 5 other

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183. 370

other Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased- with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bmk Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or thac feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Messuages. Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, or other Hereditaments* or to some Eliate or Interdt therein.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Dif- court mar ability or Incapacity of the Per I on or Persons, or Corporation entitled to order mfon-any Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, or other Here- JobfpaWby ditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Pur- the Commit-chafe Money for tfje fame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, f‘one‘s* and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Messuages, Buildings,

Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be marie in pursuance of {his Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Coqrc shall direct and order

, -• , h,.;. _U v I-i 96 ;•-»;» Hsift.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Lessee Ten3ntsaf for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such WiMtoHeliver Premises co the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Six Calendar Notice. Months Notice to quit such Possession from the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them to take such Paffiflion; and such Person or Persons in Paffeflion shall, at the End of che said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with: reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon after as he, (lie, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof, (such Authority being figmfied under the Hands of any Six of the said Commissioners.)

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons sheriff to give shall refuse to give Possession of any Premises purchased by the said ^n^hefame Commissioners, or for which Satisfaction shall have been made or tendered m,unhe teas aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to issue fubd. their Precept or Precepts :o the Sheriff of the County in which the Pre-miles shall be situate, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Colts as shall accrue from the issuing and executing such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as a ford aid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183

M#rtgagce;to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Pc-rfon or Prr-

convej• fons who shall have any Morgage or Moitgaurs on such Lands, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, and Hercdiumi n s, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortg vge or M.irtgage', ll.allonthe Tender of the principal Money and Interest due therei n, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months huereft on the said I'n. opal Money, by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint i. or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall h ve Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or from tush Person or Persons as they shall appoint to give such Notice, that they will pay off and di'chaiste the pnnc'rpii Monty and Interest which shall be due orr the lei.i M r:-gage or Mortgages, at the End or Expira ion of Six Cilen.lar M < :ihs, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice; then and in such Case at the End of the said Sue Calendar Momhs, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as fh .11 b; appointed in Trust for them •, and in cale such Mortgagee or Mi rgage's flnll refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, then a id in such Cale all Inteieft on every such Mortgage or Motfgagrs shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum. due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Ihterc. ft doe thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Prem fes to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then and in- such Case the said Gommiffraners shall not be liable to pay the Mortgage or Mortgage*, nor more than the real Value of such Ptemifcs i'o ascertained as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, then upon Payment into the Bank of England of the Principal Money and Interest due on any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, or of the Value of the Premises to be purchased, in case the fame shall, when ascertained as aforesaid, be less than the Sum due on such Mortgage or Mortgages at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Pay of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees; the Cashier or Cashiera of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like Manner as herein-before directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title,. Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mort agee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Commissioners, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in fu^ch Mortgage or Mortgages, to all intent3 and Purposes whatfaqver.

Conveyance!

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all Deed9, Conveyances, and Affil-t» b« made to ranees, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by rZimiinonen 'fa*d Commissioners of Sewers, shall be made to, and in the Names of ot'cwc. i. ‘ any Six of them, by the Dtscription of Six of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from Eojl MouUfiy, in the County of Surrey, to Ravensborne, in the County of Kent j and after the Execution thereof, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereby conveyed, and likewise all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of which the Lid Commissioners shall take Possession, after Payment or Tender made of the Sum or Sums assessed by a Jury as the Recompence thereof, or depofuing the

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183. 3705

fame in the Bank of England, as the Case may be, in Manner he rein-before directe.d and provided, shall become and be vested, and at all Times considered^at the Property of the Commissioners of Sewers, for the Time being, for the Limits before mentioned; and the said Commissioners for the Time being shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by the Description aforesaid, or otherwise, in such Name or by such other Description as they may be advised, to bring,

defend, and prosecute, or eause to be brought, defended, or prosecuted, any i/iclion or Actions, Spit or £uits, for the maintaining, obtaining, and defending, the Pofliflioivof the said Lands, Tenement, and Hereditaments,

;with the-Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and to prosecute and prefer, or order the prosecuting and preferring of any Indictment or Criminal Prosecution for any Offence relating thereto, in ■such Manner and Form, and to all Intents and Purposes, cs any Person or PerfoRS:being Owners, Proprietors of, or Persons mtcreftedin any Lands,

Tenements, or Mered.taments, can or may do by the Laws of this Realm; and all Deeds; Conveyances, and Affurapces, which shall be to them made, shall, without any Fine or Fines,.Recovery or Recoveries, be valid, to all Intents and Purposes,’ and shall as effectually convey all Righr,

Eltace, Interest, Ufc, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of any and every Feme Cpvert, Ceftujque Trull, and other Person or Persons in. any wife claiming in, to, or out of the Premises intended ro be conveyed or assured, and of ail Persons claiming and to claim, determined by, from or under them-respectively, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or any other Assurance or Conveyance in Law would or could doj any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That previous to the making of any private nn» Drain or Watexcourie.which shall be intended to carry or drain off Water from any Road, Street Way, House, Building, Yard, or Ground, into any of* e'e n-a Sewer, Drain, pr Watercourse, now under or within the Jurisdiction of the niifliontn. said Commissioners of Sewers, or from henceforth to be made by the said Commissioners under and by virtue of this Act, Notice in Writing shall be given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by the Person or Persons intending to make each and every such Drain or Watercourse; and that each and every such new Drain or Watercourse shall be corftrudted and made in such Manner and Form, and of such Materials and Werkman-ship, and und. r and subject to such Conditions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall order and direct; and the same shall be undtr the Survey and Controul of tlje said Commissioners of Sewers; and in default of such Notice, or of such Drain or Watercourse being constructed and made without or in any respect contrary to any Order and Diiedtion of the said Commissioners, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to eause such Drain or Watercourse to be proltrated, demolished, pulled dawn, flopped up, corrected and ^mended, reformed or rebuilr, as the Case may require, and to eause the Expences 1 hereof to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making, or causing to be made, such Dram or Watercourse, or of any Person or Persons then or thereafter inhabiting or occupying such House, Building, Yard, or Ground, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, and may otherwise punish such Offender or Offenders by Fine or Fines, Amercia-[Loc. Idf Per.'] 4* G menc

37°6 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

ment or Amnciaments, in such Manner and Form as any Fine or Amer-ciament may be let or imposed by the said Commissioners of Sewers, according to th- Laws and Statutes of this Realm relating to the Power and Authority of Commissioners of Sewers.

persons alter-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons ngaayDr.in. without the Consent of the said Commissioners, construct, rebuild, clear out, URftop, or in anywise alter or causeto be constructed, rebuilt, cleared out, unflopped, or altered, any Drain or Watercourse, from any Road, Street Way, House, Building, Yard, or Ground, which shall have been ordered and directed to be demolished, (lopped up, or amended as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such Sum as the said Commissioners of Sewers shall adjudge and impose upon the Party or Parties lo offending; and the said Commissioners may, whenever and so often as the fame fli J1 happen, again cause the said Drain or Watercourse, and every of them, to be prostrated, demolished, destroyed, (lopped up, rcbuili or amended, as the Case may require.

o^ed'b^th'

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Cmmissioneri and for the Did Commissioners of Sewers, or to and for their Surveyor, <oi inspection. or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to inl'pedl and examine every or any Drain and Watercourse now made, or which shall be made, to carry or drain off Water from any Road, Street Way, House, Building, Yard, or Ground as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to cause the same to be opened or broken into, in any Place or Places they shall think proper, doing as little Damage as may be; and in case any such Drain or Watercourse shall be found to be constructed and made in every respect according to the Direction of the said Commissioners, or of their Surveyor in that behalf, then the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor, shall cause the same to be closed up, and made good again as soon as the Nature of the Cafe will permit; and the Expences attending the opening, doling up, and making good such Drain or Watercourse shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Rates and Assessments to be made in pursuance of this Act.

ffTTe^em!

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purpose of making, powncd to widening, altering, repairing, or cleansing any Sewer, Drain, or Vault, t! Vtp/e'" hewers, Drains, or Vaults, it shall at any Time be found necessary to raise,

1 ° p'"' fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any Pipe or Pipes, Plug or Plugs,

now laid dewn or placed within the Limits aforesaid, or hereafter so to be, the fame may be done by the Order of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers in that Behalf appointed; and the Charges attending the same shall be paid out of the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act.

Owner* rf XMIX. And be it further enacted, That all Private Drains and Water, tut'ean^the* courses which now do, or which shall at any Time hereafter fail into, or lan.e. in anywise communicate mediately or immediately with any of the Sewers,

• Drains, and Vaults, within the Limits before mentioned, shall be under the Jr.spedlion and Direction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors,or other Officer or Officers by them in that Behalf appointed, and shall be rej aired and cleansed at the Costs and Charges of

6 the

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 183.

the Occupier or Occupiers of the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements to which the fame ft-,ail or may respectively belong; and if the Occupier of any Messuage, Land, or Tenement, to which any Private Drain or Watercourse shall belong, shall neglect to repair or cleanse the fame, in the M,inner required by the said Commissiorers, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officers, appointed as aforesaid, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing for that Purpose, signed by such Surveyor or Officer, shall have been given to such Occupier, or left upon the Premises, every such Occupier shall forfeit and pay unto His Majesty, His H irs or Successors, such Sum as the said Commissioners of Sewers in their Discretion shall adjudge and impose upon the Party or Parties so neglecting; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers to order the said Private Drain or Watercourse to be repaired and cleansed, and to levy and recover the Cost9 and Expences thereof by Distress arid Sale of the Goods and ChatteJs’of the Occupier so neglecting to repair and cleanse the lame.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, except No Private the said Commissioners or their Surveyor, Workmen or Servants, D'*‘"to£e shall, on any Account or Pretence, at any Time after the passing of this without the’ A<5, break into or open any Communication with any Drain or Water- Corfentof the course, now or which shall at any Time be made by and at the foie Ex. owner' pence of any other Person or Persons, without the Content of such other Person or Persons; and in case any such Drain or Watercourse shall be broken into, or any Communication made therewith, without such Consent, the Party or Patties so doing shall be subject and liable to forfeit and pay unto His Mitjrfty, His Htiis and Succefifors, such Sum as the said Commissioners cf Sewers may judge meet to impose on them or any of them, and the Party or Parties lo breaking into or making such Communication, or by whose Order and D rection the same shall be done, shall be liable to make Satisfaction to the Person or Persons at whose Expence such Drain or Watercourse had been made, for the Damage done, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, together with Costs of Suit.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Property of all and every Property of the Sewers and Public Drains and Vaults, now situate and being in the svfJ,ctrd‘’in said several Districts, or which shall hireaftef be made by or under the the Comroif-Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners of Sewers in the said Districts, or the Borders or Confines thereof, and the Stones, Bricks, Wood, Timber,

Materials, and Things, heretofore or at any Time after the passing of this Act, used by or by the Orders of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors, Officer or Officers, in or about the making, widening, repairing, or cleansing the Sewers and Public Drains or Vaults, or other Works, or purchased by Order of such Commissioners, their Surveyors, Officers, or any of them, to be used for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or delivered to them or any of them in that Behalf, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in Manner herein-after directed, to prosecute and prefer, or order the prosecuting and preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away such Stones, Bricks, Wood,

Timber, Materials, and Things, or any of them, or any Part of any of

them.

37 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

them, or otherwise, as the Case may require, to bung or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for he Recovtry of such r Stones, Bricks, Wood, Timber, Miteri.ils, or Th gs as may be taken or carried away, or for a Satisfaction in'Damages for taking* carrying away, or in anywise detaining or injuring theiame.

Tump ke

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enac tl, That whenever it

Ra.dsbtcken shall ibe tound necessary by the said Commissioners , Ss, their Sur-

in lo lie made , 11 , , T,

gocd fcy com-.veyur,or Surveyors, Agents or Workmen, to open p Givuud: m, under, willoae.s. or across any , Part of ti c Roads and Public 1 jig r vs,.finder.the Care, Management, and Diiedhon of the Trustees for , i n gjn^o Execution an Act passed, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the R t,r, H'^.prr.eiitiVlp-jesty,- intituled, An. AClfor making, widening, an , w-tf ,i» Rap;,it cer-•Min Roads in the several Psrifoes cf Latnbetn, K f m,p George

South wujk, bcrnipndfcyj; and Chiiltchurch, in tie , of; j, f fifty y, and far watching and lighting the said Roads; and «■». (3 hr: > P A d in

the Forty-ievepth Year of the Reign of H r Iv city, ini ruled,

(V An Ail for enlarging the Powers of an Ait+f to! i fr: . r; sass nr vfjHis freftflt Mopfy, for mating and keeping in Repa.r ,crui\n 0 Pa* fits

of ^ambethg- Newington, Saint George Southwai*, jf youuf. , find iif GJjrift Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching eqta lighting the

Jiatd-Roaas; ai.dalfean Act passed in the Forcy-feconu Y-.i, ,uf she Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Aclpaffr.a in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone’s End in Blagkman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; for thy Purpose cf widening, deepening, embanking, altering, arching over, removing, amending, cl?anfing, apd (coining all and every or any of the Sewers, Drain?, Watc/course', Si lks, Vaults, Pdvies, Encroachments, Bridges, Per,flocks, Nuisances, Impediments, and Annoyances, or for forming, making, W laying out ntyw Sewets, Drains, Watercourses, Sinks, Vaults, or Privies, the same shall be opened, and the Ground filled and rammed in, and the said Roads and Public Ways reinstated and placid in the lame or as good State . nd Condi ion by the said Commissioners of Sewers, their Su vtyor < r Surveyors, Agents or Workmen, as they were at the Time of theii bung so of ned as aforesaid, as expeditioufiy as the Circumstances will admit ut, ro the S.u f-ufl on of the said respective Trustees, or of tl eir rcl. tft ve Treafun is for the Time being, at the Expence of the said Cumuufnoneis ot Sewers, upen Pain cf forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pound* for every Time the same shall not be so reinstated and placed in such Cont i ion as aforesaid, over and above the Colls and Expences of repair eg, reinl’a i g, and nr king good the lame, which Penalty shall be recoverable, together with ful. C lls of Suit, of and from the said Com-niifiione s 01 St«eis, the r Tr, a u cr, Clerk, or Agent, in any of His Ma-jtfl/s Ciurts.nf R cord at Westminster, and shall be applied towards amendu g and re, aim g the said reij edlive Roads; and in the npean Time f. th Surytyor or Suiv yt.r«, Agents or Workmen, so opening (he Ground, lh ill fuithwivh feet re the rdj ettive Parts thereof in such Manner as to I r v nr any Damage rr Inconvenience happening to Passengers, Cattle, or C 1 urges, and in Default theecf the said Commissioners of Sewers, their TicaUrcr, Citrk, tr Agent fur the Time being, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding

37°9

490 GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings for every Hour that the Ground shall not be secured in Manner aforesaid, which said last-mentioned Penalty shall be at the Discretion of and recovered before any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and shall be applied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXIII. And to the End that as well the Charges and Expences attending the Performance of the several Works to be done by the said Commissioners of Sewers in pursuance of this Act, as also the Costs and Charges now or hereafter to be incurred in and about the Execution of the Commission of Sewers, sofar as respects the said Districts, and all other Provisions, Matters, or Things herein contained may be provided for; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being, and they are hereby required, at any Court or Sessions of Sewers, from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion, to make a general equal Pound-Rate or Af« feffmenc upon all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit or occupy any Land, House, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament whatsoever, within the several Dirt rifts of Archbishop's Sluice, Arnold Sluice, Dover Sluice, Pudding Mill Stream, Boar’s Head Sluice, Black Lion Sluice, Bear Sluice, Bridge House Sluice, and Battle Bridge Mill Stream, and the Borders and Confines thereof, according to the Yearly Value of each and every such Land, House, Euilding, Tenement, or Hereditament, so that the lame shall not, in any One Year, exceed the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound of such Yearly Value: Provided nevertheless, that such Rate may be made in One or more Part or Parts, at One or more Time or Times, as the said Commissioners may deem fit and convenient, so that the Lands and Tenements be afieHed in due order and regularity, and in fair proportion; and the said Commissioners of Sewers are hereby authorised and directed, out of the Monies to aril'c by the said Rates and Assessments, to pay and defray the Charges and Expences of all Works to be done or performed in pursuance of this Act, as also all Costs and Charges of repairing, amending, new making, cleansing, and reforming the several Sluices, Sewers, Grate;, and Drains within the said Districts, together with the proportionable Part or Parts of the said Districts, in and towards the general Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the said Limits.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every such Rate or Assessment may be made and imposed upon the Tenant, Occupier, or other Person in Possession of the Land, House, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament intended to be rated or asselfed, or upon the Landlord or Landlords thereof, under whom the same shall be immediately held by the Tenant or other Person in Possession; and that whenever and so often as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any Part or Parts of the fame, shall Hand in need of being altered or amended, either by Reason of any Premises which ought to be rated and assessed therein, being er-roneously described, or being assessed in a wrong Name, or altogether omitted, or being over or under rated, or from any other C.ause or Reason whatsoever, then and in each and every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require, to alter or amend such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so as to make the fame fair, just, and equal, and all Rates and Afftffments so corrected, amended, or altered, shall be collected and reco-

Commissionti* te make Hate*.

Tenant* to

be asserted.

37*0

49° GE O'RGII III. Cap. 183.

vered in the same Manner, and under and by virtue of the like Powers and Remedies as if the fame were originally inferred in any Rate or

Assessment.

Rate to be re-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That each and every such Rate *>?J7rcnanta,ny or ■Assessment, in the first: Inllance, shall and may be demanded of and re-w1 e e heRre- coverable from the Occupier or other Person in Possession of the Land, onttoTw^or ^uu^> Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, for and in respect of which more Persons. the fame is addled and imposed, and that in all Cases where any such Land, House, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall be held or occupied by Two or more Persons, the entire Rate or Assessment made thereupon shall and may be demanded of and recoverable from any One or more of them; and each and every Person or Persons holding or occupying such Land, House, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, whether the fame is occupied by them in Severalty, or jointly with orheis.or in their own Name or Names,or otherwise, is and are hereby authorized and required to pa) the fame; and in case he, she, or they shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof left on the Pre-mifesin Writing, signed by the Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners to collect such Rate or Assessmenc, the fame may be recovered by Distref and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of him, her, or them, so re-fusing or neglecting.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the several Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be made shall have been paid by or recovered from the Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises addled, or any of them, then the same shall be repaid by the immediate Landlord or Landlords thereof, to the Occupiers advancing or otherwise discharging the fame, either byDedudion of the Amount thereof from the Rent payable in respect of the Premises, or by paying the fame: Provided also. That nothing in this Act contained shall be condrued, deemed, or taken to impeach, alter, or make void any Agreement made or to be made between Landlord or Tenant, on any Demise or Lease.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

Grounds to'be an^ *or t^ie Commiihoners of Sewers, and they are hereby required acuieJ. to rate and assess all Chapels, Meeting-Houses, and other Places of Public Woiship, with the Premises and Grounds thereunto belonging, whether used as Burying Grounds or otherwise, and all vacant Ground, Pfifuns, Hospitals, and other Public Buildings, (except Parish Churches and ChapeP, and the Burjing Grounds thereof, and also except such Part and Parts of the Hospitals commonly called or known by the Names of Guy's and Saint Thomas's Hofi>itals, as is or are or shall be appropriated for the Reception of Patients or Sick Persons,) in such Sum or Sums of Money as they the Lid Commissioners shall judge reasonable; and such Rate and Rates, Assessment and Affffments, shall be paid by and recoverable from the following Persons respectively; that is to say, the Monies addled on all Chapels, Meeting Houses, and otly-r Places of Public Worship (except a>aforesaid), with the Premises and Grounds thereunto belonging; and all H Ip cals, Prisons, and other Public Buildings, shall be paid by and recoverable from each and every Person or Persons having the Care and Management thereof, or being otherwise interested therein, either as P eaclv r, Treasurer, Gaoler, Trustte, or by whatever Name he, she, or they shall be known, or in whatever other Capacity he, she, or

8 they

Rates to be allowed by l andlords to Tcftfaius,

Public Build-

37ii

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

they shall act, or from any Person or Persons who shall inhabit or reside therein, and the Monies afiefled on every void Space of Ground shall be paid by and recoverable from the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof; and in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Three Days to pay any of the said Monies rated or afiefled, to the Collector or Collectors, upon Personal Demand, or by Writing left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons required to pay the fame, then and in every such Case the same shall and may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so required to pay the fame, by Warrant of Distress to be issued and signed by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or may be recovered by Action or Actions of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with full Cods of Suit, which Action or Actions shall and may be commenced and prosecuted in the Name of the Expenditor General for the Time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers; and no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager cf Law shall be allowed therein.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein any Competition Compofuion shall be made for any Parochial Rate in respect of any of the for Parochial Lands or Tenements within the said several Districts, whereby the Land- Adopted byb' lord or Owner thereof shall be liable to the Payment of such Rates, it Commission-shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers to tr,‘

rate and afiefs such Lands and Tenements in the Sum or according to the Amount of such Composition; and the same shall be paid by or recovered from the Landlord or Owner thereof, or of any of the Tenants or Persons inhabiting or occupying the fame respectively, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Landlord or Owner, Landlords or Owners, or of any of the Tenants or Persons so inhabiting or occupying the fame respectively, wheresoever the fame can be found, as they the said Commissioners of Sewers shall from Time to Time direct.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the yearly Rent or Comm;rn»n-Value of any Land, House, or other Tenement within the said Districts, poSuf0p°m' shall not exceed Fifteen Pounds, or where any Land, House, or other Rate* on Tenement shall be let to any weekly or Monthly Tenant, or in separate Tenamenrs^of Apartments furnished or unfurniffied, then and in every such Case it shall Ren'tfo'rietout and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers, from in Lodging. Time to Time, to compound and agree with the Landlord or Landlords,

Owner or Owners thereof, for the Payment of the Rate or Rates, AfitfiT-ment or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, on or in respect of such Land, House, or Tenement, at such reduced Rental or Assessment as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Ownersoffiich Commissioners shall deem it right and expedient to make such Compo- t*"r

lition as aforesaid, the Landlord or Owner of any and every such Land, Rates. Tenement, or House, is and are hereby required to enter into the fame with the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and in case any such Landlord i t Owner, Landlords or Owners, shall neglect or refuse to enter into such Composition, he, she, or they shall thenceforth be liable to, and shall from Time to Time pay, or cause to be paid, the Sums charged, rated, or afiefled, or to be charged, rated, or afiefled upon or in respect of inch Land, Tenement, or House; and on Non-payment thereof, the said

Commissioners

3712

Designation o? Owner.

Comnofition to cotr :nue so long as the Commissioners shall think jp roper*

Colie5>or of thf Rare to be appointed.

Collectors cm*

paw? re I to recover Rates.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

Commissioners are hereby authorized to cause the same to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of such Landlord or Owner, wheresoever the fame can

be found,

XLI. And, in order to prevent Difpntes touching the Deflgnation of the Landlord or Owner herein-before mentioned, be it enacted, That the Person or Persons receiving, claiming, or being entitled to the Rents of any and every Land, Tenement, or House, immediately from the Tenants or Occupiers thereof respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be the Landlord or Owner of the fame for the Purposes of this Act, and the Person or Persons required to enter into such Composition as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it enacted, That from and after any Composition shall be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the Land, Tenement, or House therein comprised, shall and may be rated and assessed according to the fame, in and by every future Rate or Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners thereof, shall be liable to pay the same as aforesaid, until the said Commissioners shall think proper otherwise to rate and assess the said Premises.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Races and Assessments to be inane by virtue of this Act shall from Time to Time be reeeived, levied, r^cuvered, and accounted for, in like Manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments heretofore made by the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid, have been or may be received, levied, or rucovered; and the said Commissioners shall and may, out of such Assessments, make such Allowances as they (h-dl think fic to the Collector or Collectors thereof, for his or their Trouble therein; and the Collector or Collectris of the said Rates, as often as he or they, or any of them, may be thereto required by the Lid Commissioners, or any Six or more of them, shall make up and render to-them a full, true, and perfect Account in Writing of all the Monies by him, them, or any of them collected and received, which Account shall be v.rifled by Oath of the Person making up and rendering the fame, if he shall be thereunto required, and which Oath the Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer; and if any such Collector or Collectors shall neglect or refuse to make up and render such Accounr, or to verify the fame by Oath as aforesaid, or if such Account shall appear to such Commissioners not to be a full, true, and perfect Account of all Monies by him or them collected and received respectively, or if any such Collector or Collecto s shall not, within Three Days next after being thereunto required by a written Notice to be signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and left at the usual Place of Abode of such Collector or Collectors, deliver up to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or PerLns as they shall appoint, all and every the Rates and Assessments and other Documents entrusted to their Custody or Possession, or shall not within such Time and after such Notice neglect or refuse to pay to the Expendicor General for the Time being to the said Commissioners all Monies by him or them collected respectively, or any Balance or Balances found and determined to be in his or their Hands, or to be due from him or them respectively upon examining of his or their Accounts, then

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 183. 3713

and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and For the said Commissioners of Sewers, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Six or more of them, directed to any Constable or Constables, crt other Person or Persons whomfnever, to apprehend and commit such Cdlleftor or Culleftors to the Common Gaol or House of Corrrftion of the County wherein the said Collector or Collectors shall be found and taken, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall make such Account, Payment, or Delivery as may have been required of hirti or them, in Manner aforesaid, or shall have compounded or cthe-wife settled with the said Commissioners in respect thereof-, and also by like Warrant to direct and authorize any Constable or Constables, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, to levy by Dist-els and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector or Collegers, all Monies which shall appear to the said Commissioners to be in his or their Hands respectively, or the Penalty or Penalties of any Bond or Bonds by him or them respectively given and entered into to and with the said Commissioners, or their Expenditor General, for the due and faithful Execution of their Duty as Collector, together with all Cofb and Charges attending such Distress and Saie.

XLIV. And, for the better and more effectually enabling the said pari&Rme* Commissioners to ascertain the true and full Value of the several Premises tobeitifptcted by this Act directed to be added, and for enabling them to make a just or Ps!son°ap-and equal Rate thereupon, be it further enacted, That it shall and may pointed by the be lawful for any Person or Persons to be named by the said Commission- c°,nirilfion* ers, at all convenient Times, to inspect the Books of Assessment of the Land Tax, and also the Books or Rates for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the several Parlfhes wherein the said Districts herein-before mentioned, and the Borders and Confines of the same are situate, and also to require Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, which Inspection,

Copies, and Extracts the Person or Persons for the Time being having the Custody of any such Book or Rate, Books or Rates, are hereby required upon reasonable Notice to give, on Payment of Four-pence fot every Seventy-two Words and Figures, and Three Shillings and Four-pence for the Inspectiun and Search, and in each and every Cafe of Refus.il or Neglect thereof, he or they so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay unto H:sM j-fby. His Heirs and Successors, such Sum as the said Commissioners or Sewers in their Discretion shall think proper to impoie.

XLV. And, in order to prevent DifpiTte-s respecting the Exercise of Bordenof Jurisdiction by the said C imhftflidffers, over the Borders and Confines of the said several Districts before-mentioned, be it enacted, That the said Borders and Confines shall be considered to be and extend to such Place or Places as the said Commissioners mav from Time to Time adjudge to receive or derive Benefit or Advantage frohi the Works to be done and performed in pur uance of this Act, so as such Borders and Confines shall pot extend or be deemed to extend beyond the Space of Two hundred Yards from any of the said Sewers or Works so to be made, done, and performed; and after f ch Adjudication the said Places shall be considered and taken robe, to all Intents and Purposes, Part and Parts of the said Districts heteit-befote mentioned, and be no longer comprised cr confiller. ft? Per-'] 41 I dered

3-714

Perfom rased enntleii to In-tpeoion of Kau»and Capiet.

Person* rated entitled la Inspeoion of Accounts and Copies.

Didreft not to be unlawful for want of Form.

Money to be

borrowed.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 1^1.

dered as forming any Part of any other District under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Per font uffefi d or charged in and by any Rate or Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, to inspect such Rate or Afffiment, or any other Rate or Rates heretofore rrade by the said Commissioners, at reasonable Times in the Day, and to demand and require Copies or Extracts of the fame, or of the Duplicate thereof; which Inspection the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or the Person c r Persons for the Time being having the Custody or P iffishon of the said Rate, or A.ffeflrr.ent or Duplicate, are hereby required, upon reasonable Notice to them given, to permit, and the Clerk io the said Commissioners shall, upon Request of any such Person or Persons, and Payment of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words or Figures, make and give Copies or Extracts of any and every such Rate or Assessment, or Duplicate, so that the Payment fur such Copy or Extract shall not be lets than Six Shillings and Eigh'-pmce, and for such Inspection the Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons assessed or charged in and by any Rate or Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, shall and may have Liberty to inspect the Accounts of all Monies to be raised or collected by virtue of any such Rate or Assessment, and of the Payment, Application and Expenditure thereof by the said Commissioners, and shall also be entitled to have Copies of such Accounts, or Extracts therefrom, and the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, upon reasonable Request of any such Person or Persons, and Payment of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words or Figures, make and give Copies or Extracts thereof accordingly, so that the Payment for such Copy or Extract shall not be less than Six Shillings and Eight-pence, and for such Inspection the Sum of Three Siiilli. gs and Four-pence.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money assessed, or cf any Fine or Penalty imposed by the said Commissioners, either by virtue of this Act or otherwise by virtue of their Commission, the Distress shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Tret passeror Trespassers on account of any Defect, Default, or want of Form in any Proceedings whereupon the same shall be founded, or in any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, nor for Want of Jurisdiction in the said Commissioners to authorize or diteft the fame, nor shall the Patty or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ah initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover. Satisfaction only for the special Damages by him or them sustained, in an Action on the Cafe against the Person or Persons committing the same.

XLIX. And whereas the Money to be rollefted by virtue of the Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act will not be sufficient for the speedy carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid j be it therefore enacted, That it

shall

37*5

4gi* GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

"shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Expenditor-General to the said Commissioners, determined by Order of the la'd Commissioners, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds by way of Loan or Mortgage at Interest, or for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the Term of the Natural Life of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the Natural Life of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such Contributor or Contributois respectively.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of all and every Loan, ani 'the Sum or Sums of Money to be lent as aforesaid, or the Annuity or An-nuicirs (b to b, purchased under and by virrue of this Act, shall be, and the Kate*, the same are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from Time to Time, ouc of the Monies arising from and by the Rates and Alfeffnents to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and that every Person so advancing any Sum of Money, his, her, or their Assigns, shall have a Receipt or Receipts for the fame; and also an Order on Parchment, for Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent, with Inte-rell for the fame,or of the Annuity or Annuities so purchased, which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners; and after signing thereof the same shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as any such Annuitant shall die it shall and may be lawful to and for Armuitiefmay-any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of be purchased. the Expenditor-General for the Time being to the said Commissioners, by the Order of the said Commissioners, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum paid for the Annuity or Annuities on the Life of the Party lo dying, for the Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, on the Life or Lives of the Contri-butur or Contributors, or any Person or Persons to be named by such Contribute!; or Contributors, and so toties quoties.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Annumesmay and (or every Person advancing any Money by way of Loan as aforesaid, bsafligned. his, her,or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and to and for any Purchaser or Purciiafers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to assign such Money so lent, and such Annuity or Annuities, cr any Part thereof, and their Right, Title, and Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall re- Plaintiffnot cover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons "e"dc°v'fif whomlcever, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in pursuance Amends mada. of the Commission of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her,

•or their Attorney or Attorneys, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall

10 have

37*6

Proceedings not rc be oualhed for Waiit-ofjPoira.

I" * --

laws relating to Sewers applicable to this Act,

Power* of this Act to be exercised at Court* of Sewers.

Comm’fli 'tiers to make Allowance ro their Officers.

Court of Sewers empowered to administer Oaths.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 183.

have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants id any such Action, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into the Court where such Action shall be depending, such Sum of Money as he or they shall lee fir, with the like Benefit and Effect, and subject to the same Rules, Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements as are had, made, and given in and by such Court in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LiV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touching any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Rate or Order made,or other Matter or Thing done or trans-acted i i or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record are Westminster, any Law or Stature to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Laws now in being relating to the Sewers of this Kingdom shall continue-in force, and may be exercised bythesaid Court of Sewers within the several Districts aforesaid, in the same Manner as they have been heretofore exercised by the Commissioners for the Time being; and that this Act, or any Thing hrrein contained, shall not take away, derogate from, invalidate, or lessen any of the Powers or Authorities vested, or to be vested in the Commissioners, or the Court of Sewers for the Limits atofe-said, but shall and may be used and exercised by the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Limits, for the Time being, as far as the fame may ex-rend in the putting this Act into Execution, together with and in addition to the Powers hereby given to the said Commissioners.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Powers hereby given to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits before mentioned, shall be used and exercised by them at the several Courts, or Sessions of Sewers, for the Limits before mentioned, and be deemed and considered as Part of the Bufin fs of the said Court or Sessions; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, tef summon or call a Court or S'ffions of Sewers, as there may be Occasion in ih I tervai between the holding of any Court or Sessions, and the Time to which the lame shall have been adjourned; and that it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners in such Court assembled, to alter, revoke,of confirm such Adjournment as they shall think proper.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Sewers, from Time to Time, to assign and pay ou of the Monies to arise from the Rates and Assessments to be made? in pu (dance of this Act, or by virtue of their Commission, such Salary, Gratuity, or Allowance to their Clerk or Clerks, Bailiffs, Survq’ors, Col-Itftors, or O'1 rr Officers, as they shall think proper, for their Pains and Trouble in the Execution of their Duties in their respective Offices.

LV1H. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given to the Court of Sewers, it shall be lawful for the said Court to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons called to give Evidence in the Matters at any Time depending therein.

a^ GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

• LlX. And be it farther enacted, That in all Cases where the said Court of Sewers are empowered to bring, i istitute, or defend, 01 cause to be brought, instituted, or defended, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity, or any Indictment or Indictment', the lame shall be brought and inltitutrd in the Name of the Expenditcr-General to the said Commissioners, and by the Description of the Expenditor-General to the Commissioners of Sewers for Surrey and Kent; and in (ucn Indictments and Actions the Property, Money, an I Tntngs shall be la d and averred, and taken to be the Property of the Expenditor-General for the Time being to the said Commissioners.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall upon Oath commit wilful and corrupt Perjury in any Evidence by him given in any Enquiry or Examination, shall be subject to such Pain?, Penalties, and Disqualifications as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are, or shall be subject and liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, or of the Commissions of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid, or of any Order, D rest ion, or Act of the Court of Sewers, no Person shall be disqualified from giving Evidence (on either Side) by Reason of his being a Commissioner of Sewers for the Limits before-mentioned, or of being as such a Party to such Actions or Proceedings, either on the Record or otherwise, or by Reason of being rated oraflefled in any Rate cr Assessment made by the said Commissioners, or otherwise liable thereto, any Law, Custom, or Ui'age to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences and Charges in and about procuring and passing of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXIIT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Person-, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Sewers, until One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof shall have been given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast commuted for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits dull be so brought; and every such Aftim shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Surrey.and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action and Suit, and every of them,may plrad the General llTue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence on each and every Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and if the Matter or Thing for which the said Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, shall appear to have been done in pursuance of any Authority given by this Act, or of the said Commissioners, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof had been given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time hereby limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defender. fcf Per.] 4.1 K—L dams,

3717

Actions.

P.*.niflvnrtit of Persons guilty oficijuiy.

No Fei foil shall be dif-quaffied as an Evidence on account of being a Commissioner ot Sewers.

Experceftof this Act 10 he paid out of Raie*.

Limitation of Action;.*

37*8 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 183.

dints therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts ffallbe found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if (he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonfuiied or suffer a Di (continuance of such Action or Affions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in every of the Cases aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to Treble Cuff.*, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants is intitled to, and may have for his. her, or their Cuffs in other Cases.

Public Ac*. 1.XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially

pleaded.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

A Timber Yard or Wharf in the Bridge Yard, Tooley Street, in the Panlh of Saint Olave, Southwark, belonging to and in the Occupation of the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London.

A Carriage Way or Yard leading from the said Whaif to Tooley Street aforesaid, belonging to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London.

A Yard or Ground in the Tariff of Saint Olave, Southwark, in the Occupation of Joseph Huffam.

Sheds and Gardens in the Occupations of Thomas Cope, Martha Lee, and Marffall; a Warehouse and Rope Ground in the Occupa-

tion of Matthew Kirbys Garden Ground in the Occupation of Butler; a House and Garden in the Occupation of Pottinger;

Grrdens in the Occupations of Demure and John Lucas;

all which Premises are in the Puriff of Saint Mary, Lambeth, and are the Freehold and Iuheiitance of His Grace the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury.

LONDON: Printed by Gf.orce Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 184.

An Act for rendering more effectual Two Acts passed for the better regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bennotidfey, in the County of Surrey; for enclosing the Church-yard thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto.

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for 31 G.s better regulating the Poor in the Parish of Stint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey; and by another Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-first; Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and 3‘ 3

rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better regulating the Poor in the ‘ Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; all the Powers and Authorities given by the said first recited Act to the Churchwardens, Overseers nf the Poor, and Vestrymen of the-said Parish, so far as respected the said ILot. V Per.] ' 41 M first

C. 4J

3726

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

first recited Act, were transferred unto certain Persons in the said last recited Act named, together with the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, resident in the said Parish, who, together with the Rector, Churchwardens, Sidefmen, and Overseers of the Poor of tile said Parish for the Time being, were appointed Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, with Powers to them, and other the Governors and Directors to be appointed as therein mentioned, to make Rates for the Relief of the Poor in the said Parish, and for the better Management and Employment of such Poor; and the said Governors and Directors were and are by the said last recited Act empowered to contract and agree for the Purchase of, or to take Leases, or Alignments of Leases, to them and their Successors, of any Ground or Buildings adjoining or contiguous to the Church-yard of the said Parish, for the Purposes of permitting and suffering the same to be used as an additional Cemetery or Burial Place for the Interment of the Dead therein: And whereas a Cart-way, Horse-way, and l’oot-way in, over, and through the said C.hurch-yard, from the High Street, called Bermondsey Street, to certain Dwelling Houses and Tenements at the East End of the said Church-yard, and several other Foot-paths, have been ufdd over the Graves in the said Church-yard: And whereas the Boundary Wall on the South Side of the said Church-yard is in many Places broken down and decayed, and the Person or Persons liable, in respect of their Lands adjoining, to rebuild, repair, or support the fame, have neglected so to do, whereby the said Church-yard is indecently exposed to Inroads and Depredations, and the Graves therein are routed up, trampled upon, and destroyed by Dog*, Swine, and Cattle, in dif-regard of publick Decency, which might be prevented if the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish were empowered to divert and alter the said Ways and Paths, and to enclose the said Church-yard with proper Walls and Fences: And whereas it hath been found, that the salutary Purposes by the said recited Acts of Parliament intended, cannot "be effectually answered, and the Nuisances above-mentioned prevented, tmless the said are amended, and the Powers thereof enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much and such Part of the said first herein created Act as authorizes and directs the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, to meet annually on the Thursday in Whitsun Week, to ascertain the Money to be assessed for the Relief of the Poor, and within Eight Days afterwards to make a Rate foT such Relief, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, instead thereof, the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish shall, and they are hereby required, from and after the passing of this Act, annually, on the Second Thursday next after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Forenoon of the same Day, and at all other Times in the Year which to them shall seem expedient, to assemble and meet together at the Work-house of the said Parish; and shall at such Meeting and Meetings ascertain such Sum or Sums of Money, and make such Rate or Rates as to them shall seem expedient and nccissary for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and for other the Purposes in the said former Acts mentioned, and in die Mariner thereby uiredled.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

II. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is, among!! other Things, drafted, That the Vestry Clerk of the said Parish for the Time being flrall always be Clerk to the said Governors and Directors: And whereas the said Office is become a Place of great Trull, so that it is necessary and expedient that the Person or Persons filling the fame should be appointed by the said Governors and Directors, and under their Controul; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said last recited Act as directs and declares that the Vestry Clerk of the said Parish for the Time being shall be Clerk to the said Governors and Directors, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it snail and may be lawful to and for the said Governors and Directors from Time to Time to appoint One Person to be their Clerk, for the better carrying into Execution this present and the herein-before recited Acts, cr so much thereof as remain unrepealed; and likewise to take such Security trom such Clerk, and to direct such Allowance to be made to him, as they the said Governors and Directors may think neceflkry; and also from i ime to Time to displace him, in like Manner as the said Governors and Directors are, by the said former Acts, or One of them, authorized and empowered to appoint and remove other Officers by them chosen; and that from and after the said Governors and Directors shall have appointed any such Clerk, all Notices, Acts, and Tilings by the said former Acts, or either of them, directed to be given, done, or performed by the Vestry Clerk, shall, so far as respects this and the said Two herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, be given, done, and performed by such Clerk to the said Governors and Directors.

IV. And whereas divers Houses, Tenements, Gardens, and Heredita- personsiettins ments within the said Parish are let to occasional Occupiers, and others Houses in fe-are let out in Pa eels to Under Tenants and to Lodgers, in separate Apart- tfbz ments, both furmlhed and unfurnished; and other Houses, Tenements, deemed the Gardens, and Hereditaments are let out at small yearly Rents, whereby

the Rates made in pursuance of the said Two former Acts are in many Injdances evaded and unproductive: And whereas it would tend to the Equalization ai d Reduction of the Parochial Rates within the said Parish, and to the great Alleviation of many industrious Families, if additional Powers were given to the said Governors and Directors for the assessing, compounding and collecting of the said Rates; be it therefore enacted.

That from and after the passing of this Act, the Landlord or Landlords,

Owner or Owners of all and every House, Tenement, Shop, Warehouse,

Garden, or other Hereditament within the said Parish, which is or shall be let in Parcels or separate Apartments, or in furnished or unfurnished Lodgings, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof; and shall be rated to and pay the several Rates and Assessments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and all other Parochial Rares of the said Parish made or imposed, or hereafter to be made or imposed thereon.

V. And be it further enacted, That where the yearly Rent or Value of K^eTon* any House, Tenement, Garden, or Hereditament within the said Parish i-ioufcs k-t it shall not exceed Fifteen Pounds, or where any House, Tenement or He- Re[,tsunatt

7 reduament ‘5

Governors to appoint their own Clerk.

3727

Repeal cf so much of 31 G. 3.a directs the Vestry

Clerk to he Clei k to the Governor*.

3723 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

reditament shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenant, or in separate Apartments, furnished or unfurnished, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors and Directors, at any Meeting to be by them held, as by the said former Acts, or either of them, or by this present Act is directed (if they think proper) from Time to Time to compound and agree with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every or any such House or Houses. Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments, for the Payment of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and for all other the Parochial Rates of the said Parish made and imposed thereon, or hereafter so to be, at such a reduced yearly Rental . , as the said Governors and Directors so atTembled shall think reasonable,

so that no such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments be rated at lei's than One Half or more than Three-fourths of the Rack Rent at which the same shall then be let, or the Annual Value of the fame respectively.

Xmdiordsto

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Landlord

compound. or Landlords, Lessee or Lessees, Owner or Owners of each and every such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments, as shall not exceed the Yeariy Rent or Value of Fifteen Pounds, or as shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenant or Tenants, or in Feparate Apartments, furnished or uijfumished, are hereby required to enter into such Competition with the said Governors and Directors so af-iembled as aforesaid; and in case any such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, shall neglect or refuse to enter into any such Composition. he, she, or they shall thenceforth be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such Premises, and shall thereupon be rated to, and shall from Time to lime pay or cause to be paid, the Rates and Assessments charged upon their respective Premises for the Relief of the Poor; and all other the Parochial Rates of the said Parish, according to a fair and equal AssefTment to be made by the Governors and Directors so assembled; and on Non-payment thereof, the said Governors and Directors are hereby authorized to cause the same to be levied by Dill re fs of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the respective Premises aforesaid, wheresoever such Goods and Chattels may be found, or by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons for the Time being inhabiting or occupying the fame reflectively.

JVWVwi* to whom the Knit* are paj able to be reemed the Owners.

VII. Provided always, and to prevent Disputes touching the Designa-tion of the Landlord or Owner intended to be made liable by this Act, be it enacted, That the Person or Persons receiving, claiming, or being entitled to the Rents of every such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, immediately payable by the Tenants or Occupiers thereof respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be the Landlord or Owner of the fame for the Purposes of this Act, and to be the Person and Persons required to enter into such Compoction as aforesaid.

Comnofitlon* to rfmriin in fore II 1-tered by the Ouve noft*

VIII. And be it enacted, That from and after any Composition shall be made with the said Governors and Directors, as herein-before mentioned, the House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, and Hereditaments therein

compnfed.

37 29

490 GEORG G11 III. Cup .184*

comprised, shall be rated and assessed according to the fame reduced Rental in every future Rate or Affcfimer.t to be made by the said Governors and Directors, until the said Governors and Directors fit all think proper otherwise to rate and a fiefs the said Premises.

IX. Provided always, That no such Landlord, Lefior, or Owner shall be charged with or be liable to pay for any increased Rent reserved or for increased made payable to him or her, for or on account of such Landlord, Lefior, kents cei-.rd or Owner, having agreed to pay or been charged with the Rates charged on°"imen"of or chargeable upon the several Occupiers of such Tenements or Here- Taxes, diiaments.

X. And, for the more easy Recovery of the said Rates and Assessments, For Recovery be it further enacted, That each and every Tenant or Occupier for the °0mpounded-Time being of any House, Tenement, Garden, or Hereditament, or of any

Part thereof, the Rates of which shall have been compounded for in the Manner herein-before mentioned, shall be liable and compellable to pay the said Rates and Assessments, and may deduct the fame, with all Charges incident to any Levy or Recovery thereof, out of his, her, or their Rent, i the same Manner as is mentioned and provided in and by the said herein-befi re recited Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Maiefiv King George the Second, in the Cafe of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditai ents let out in Parcels to Under Tenants, and Houses let out to Lodgers in separate Apartments.

XI. Provided also, That no Tenant or Occupier of any House, Tene- Tenants of ment, Ga den, or Hereditament whatsoever, which shall have been com- Honfesnot pounded for as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay any Rate or Rates, Afieff- liable for ment or Assessments made thereupon, or in respect thereof, for any longer ^rvcars' Period of Time than his, her, or their Occupancy, and by no Means for any Rate left unpaid by any former Occupier.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Agreements

Act contained shall be construed, deemed, or taken to impeach, alter, or jani'

make void any Agreement made between Landlord and Tenant, in any Tenantsnot to Lease now granted or hereafter to be granted pursuant to any Contract or be impeached. Agreement now existing; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in Default or Failure of Pay- prenvfcstorment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which shall be at ma n char£';d* any Time made under and by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, or either of them, or which shall hereafter remain due or unpaid, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, the fame shall be and remain a Charge upon the Premises, in respect whereof the same shall be so rated or assessed, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall have become due, and shall and may, after Seven Days Notice, under the Hands of Five or more of the said Governors and Directors for the Time being, left upon the Premises fn respect whereof such Rate is made, be sued for and recovered of and from such Owner or Owners, Leaseholder or Leaseholders, Landlord or Landlords rel’peftively, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of [Loc. & Per.] 41 IV rHir

3 £3 3 ‘

Rate* to be demanded before Quarter Day.

Governors may remit Rates on account of t Poverty,

Surveyors or other Per ions tuvaue Houses for better affefling the same.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any Court of Requests within the Jurisdiction of which any such Landlord or Leaseholder or Owner shall reside respectively, such Action, Suit, or Information to be commenced and prosecuted in such Name as in the said secondly recited Act mentioned; and if the Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, he shall have full Colls, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgement are or may by Law be levied and recovered.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in order to avoid the Loss which frequently happens by Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, quitting and removing from the same before the Quarter Day on which the Rates or Assessments charged by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, or either of them, on the said Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors and Directors, or the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, or either of them, or the Collector or Col-leftors of the said Rates appointed or to be appointed, as in the said recited Acts, or one of them, mentioned, Fourteen Days before every such Quarter Day, or at any ether subsequent Time, to demand and receive the respective Rates and Assessments which would be due and payable on such Quarter Day; and in case of Non-payment thereof, to enforce the Payment of such Rates and Assessments, in the same Manner and with the fame Powers, as in case of the Non-payment of such Rates and Assess-ments upon or after the Quarter Day on which the fame would have become due and payable.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be held pursuant to this or the said recited Acts, upon the Complaint or Request of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of any Rate or Rates, AssefTment or Assessments to be made by virtue of this or the said former Acts, who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved thereby, or incompetent to pay the fame, to mitigate or reduce the fame, as they in their Discretion shall think just and reasonable, and also to remit or excuse the Payment thereof, on account of the Poverty or Indigence of any Person or Persons liable to pray the fame, and so complaining or requesting the Remission or Reduction of such Rates or Assessments, or any Part thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That for the better enabling the said Governors and Directors to make fair and equal Assessments for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and for other the Purposes of this and the said recited Act , it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors and Directors, from Time to Time, as often as they may deem it necessary, to name and appoint any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other competent Person or Persons, to eftitnate and ascertain the Annual Value of all or any Huufe or Houses, Ground, or other Hereditaments liable to be assessed to the Rates made, or to be made, for the Relief of the Poor in the said Parish, and for other the Purpose6 aforesaid; and to pay such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Person or Persons so named and employed, by and out of such Rate or Rates, such Sum and Sums of Money, for his or their Trouble

therein,

373*;

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

therein, as to them, the said Governors and Directors, shall seem just and reasonable.

XVII. Provided always, That before any such Surveyor or Surveyors, rnTonsap-or other Person or Persons, shall take upon him or them to make any Efti- ^" v ;0t!ttoo1>e ni; it or Valuation, for the Purposes aforesaid, he and they shall make and f,o.VL’ ° M subscribe an Oath or Affirmation, in Writing, to be administered and taken

as herein-after mentioned, and to 'be filed and kept by the said Governors and Directors; which Oath or Affirmation shall be in the Words, or to the Effect hereia-after set forth:

I A.B. of do swear [or, being One of Oath or the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], That I will truly, im- Aiaiation.

* partially, and honefily, to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, execute c the Trull reposed in me by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth ‘ Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, &c.

* [herefet out the Title of this Act] without f avour or Affection, Preju-

* dice or Malice, to any Person whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.'

XVIII. And, for the better and more peaceably Election of Governors The Number and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, in the Stead of those whose ^5"°" Offices shall become vacant by any of the Ways in the said secondly re- tobepnbtiflied cited Act mentioned, and for amending the Manner of electing the fame, ev<jO' Easter be it enacted, That the said Governors and Directors of the Poor shall, and un

they are hereby required, to cause a Notice to be published in the Church of the said Parish, immediately after Divine Service on Eafer Sunday,

Year'y, of the Vacancies that shall then be in the Number of Governors and Directors (not being such by virtue of Office) by Death, Removal, or otherwise. in which Notice shall be set forth the Grounds and causes of such Vacancies respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of the said Parish, Fordctfr. who shall be rated to and have paid in his, her, or their own Right, the

Poors Rates, and other Parochial Rates of the said Parish, up to Kq/ler Eieaion«. Sunday aforesaid, or so many of them as shall think fit, shall and may meet and assemble in the Church of the said Parish, on the Tuesday in Easter Week, Yearly, for the Purpose of electing and appointing Inhabitants, duly qualified, according to the said secondly recited Act, to fill up the said Vacancies; at which Meeting the Acting Churchwarden of the said Parish, chosen by the Inhabitants, or in case of his Death or Absence, one of his Sidefmen, shall preside; and any Inhabitant, duly qualified, as aforesaid, to vote at the said Election, may at such Meeting nominate one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, duly qualified, to take upon him or them the said Office of Governor to fill up the said Vacancy or Vacancies, or any of them, so that the Number by him or her named does not in the Whole exceed the Number of the said Vacancies; and the Person and Persons so nominated, who shall appear, either upon a Shew of Hands, or otherwise, to be approved oi by a Majority of qualified Inhabitants then present, shall be deemed to be chosen to the said Office of Governor or Governors, unless it shall appear doubtful at the said Meeting which of the Person or Persons, so nominated, is or are duly chosen ana appointed by the Majority of qualified Inhabitants then present, cr unless a Poll shall be demanded for and on Behalf of any of the Persons so nominated; in all 7 which

373*

The Beadle to the Govt rnors to remove Vagrants and Paupers.

■Vairapts nil

Persons

•threatening

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184*

which Cases the Elefiion and Appointment shall be finally determined by a Poll of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, who shall then be qualified, or who shall duly qualify themselves previous to voting in the said Election, by paying all and every of the said Rates by them due and owing at the Time of talcing the said Poll; and such Poll shall be held and commence before the said Churchwarden, or, in his Absence, before one oi his Sidcf-men, at the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, on the Monday next after the said Tuesday in Easter-Week, and shall be then duly and regularly kept open and proceeded on from Day to Day, from the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of each Day, unless the same shall be previously closed by the Consent of the Candidates, or by reason that no Person, duly qualified, tenders his or her Vote within the Space of Half an Hour from the Time when the Person who was last polled appeared and tendered his or her Vote for any of the Candidates: Provided nevertheless, that no such Poll shall continue more than Three Days in the Whole, nor on each Day beyond the Hour before mentioned; and that the said Churchwarden or Sidefman shall, immediately after the said Poll shall be finally closed, truly, fairly, and publickly, declare the Name and Names of the Person and Persons who shall have the Majority of Votes on such Poll, and that they are duly elected to such Office and Offices; which Person and Persons shall thereupon have the like Power and Authority, and be subjefi to the like Regulations and Restrictions as the Person or Persons in whose Stead he or they shall befo defied; and that whenever the Number of Votes shall be equal, the Churchwarden or Sidefman foprefiding, shall be considered as having Two Votes.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any poor Person or Persons, or any Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be removed from the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, to the Parish or Place of his, her, or their legal Settlement, it shall be lawful for the said Governors and Directors, or the Churchwardens or Overs.ers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, to cause such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrams, to be respectively removed to the Parish or Place of his, her, or their legal Settlement, by the Beadle of the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, or by such other Person as the said Governors and Dircfiors, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, shall yearly or otherwise for that Purpose appoint; which Beadle or other Person shall and is hereby authorized to remove and convey such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, as fully and effectually as 'Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables and other proper Officers of the like Nature and Description are by the present Laws of the Realm directed and empowered to do; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other proper Offices of the Parish, Hamlet, ■or Place, to which any such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be removed, and every of them, is and are hereby required to receive every such poor Person and Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, in like Manner as he, flic, or they, would be bound to do if such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, had been delivered to him, her, or them, by one of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, or by the Constable thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas divers Persons belonging to, and who ought, by the Laws now in force, to be relieved by the said Parish of Saint Mary Mvg*

~ V dalen

49° GEORGII III. Cty.184.

dalen Bermondsey, are found wandering and begging in the said Paridi, and committing Acts of Vagrancy, and otherwise misbehaving themselves: And whereas divers Persons, by reason of their idle and disorderly living, do neglect or refuse to maintain, and do desert, their Families, such Families •not being able to maintain rhemselves; and if Powers were given to apprehend such Persons, and to fend them to the Workhouse of the said Parish, thereto be dealt wth in Maimer herein-after mentioned, it might tend to enure them to a Habit of Industry and make them useful to the Public; be it therefore enacted, That the said Governors and Directors shall, and they hereby have Power and Authority to receive and to order and compel all and every Person found wandering and begging in the said Parish, or committing Acts of Vagrancy; and also all and every idle and disorderly Person or Persons refusing to maintain theml'elves, and who shall belong to, or ought, by any Law now in force, to be relieved and provided for by the said Parish, to come in to work, dwell, and inhabit the said Workhouse, and to detain, keep, maintain, and employ, all such poor Persons therein respectively, so long as it shall not be made appear to the said Governors and Directors, on the Part of any such poor Person or Persons, that he, she, or they, are of Ability or can otherwise be sufficiently maintained and provided for without the Aid and Provision of the said Governors and Directors; and they the said Governors and Directors shall have Power and Authority to eplmoy, set, and compel all such Poor who shall be received or come into and dwell and be in the said Workhouse, during such their Abode and Residence there, arid whilst maintained by the said Governors and Directors, to do, execute, and perform, such Work, Labour, Business, and Employ, as the said Governors and Directors, at any of their Weekly or General Meetings, shall think and judge such respective Poor are and shall be able and lit to do and perform for the LJfeof the said Parish; and to detain and keep all such Persons found wan-dering and begging in the said Parish, and committing Acts of Vagrancy, and also all such idle and disorderly Persons who shall have so deferred, threatened to leave, or neglected or refused to maintain his, her, or their Families, and to set each of them to work in such Workhouse, during such Time, and until every Person, by his or her Work or Labour there, shall have got and raised so much Money above their Maintenance, as shall be sufficient to repay and reimburse to the said Governors and Directors the Charges and Expences they shall have sustained in the maintaining and providing for every such Person, and his or her Family; and in case any such Person shall not, by his or her Work and Labour, have gained so much Money as shall be sufficient to reimburse the said Governors and Directors the Charges and Expences of having maintained him or her, or any of his or her Family, as aforesaid, or who shall neglect or refuse to apply himself or herself to such reasonable Work or Labour as shall be given to him or her by the Mailer or Mistress of such Workhouse, under the Directions of the said Governors and Directors, then the said Governors and Directors at any of their Weekly or other Meetings, shall have Power to detain and keep such Person within such Workhouse to Hard Labour for the Space of Twenty-eight Days.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be hvful for the said Governors and Directors of the Poor, present at any Weekly or General Meeting, to take, accept, and receive, any Bond or Security from any Person or Person-, lor indemnifying the Parishioners of the said Parish aeainlt any the Colts, Charges, and Expences of the Lying-in of any single [Lor. £5? Per.] 41 0 Woman

5733

to leave their i-.imii es to be sent to the Workhouse.

Governor!

may take Bomts to in-dernnhy against Ex.

Srnces of aitard Chit uren.

373+

Former Bonds vested in the Governor.

For the levying of Rates ©a Refusal.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 184.

Woman in the said Parish, and the Maintenance and Support of any Baf-tard Child or Children respectively born or to be born therein.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds and Securities, ■which have been given to any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or other Officer or Officers of the said Parish, for indemnifying the said Parish, or the Parishioners thereof, from any Charges or Expences that may arise from Ballard Children, ilial 1 be vested in the said Governors and Directors, who shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, to fueon such Bonds and Securities, in the same Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is by the said herein-before secondly-recited Act authorized to be sued for and recovered; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And for the better and more effectual raising and levying the several Rates and Assessments by this and the said herein-before recited Acts directed to be made, be it further enacted, That in case any of the Landlords or Occupiers, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land, Ground, Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, Garden, or Hereditament within the said Parish, by this or the said herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, made liable to pay any Rate or Assessment made, laid, and afiefled by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates, it shall be lawful to and for any Five of the said Governors and Directors, and they or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized and required to summon, by Writing under their Hand or Hands, all and every Person and . ersons who shall r, ve re-fused or neglected as aforesaid, (Oath being first made before them or any Five or more of them by the CoIledloT or Collecto. s appointed by the said Governors and Directors, of his or their having attended upon or a iie Dwelling-house or last Place of /tbode of each and every Person and i ’ersons then int< nded to be summoned, and demanded the Amount of the said Rate or Rates, and of the fame being then unpaid), to ..ppear before any One or more Ju dice or Justices. ailing in and for the said County of Surrey, who shall be fitting upon the Return of Tuch Summon- c r Summonses, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, to hear and determine the Matters therein contained; and it shall and maybe lawful to md for the Collector and Collectors appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, or for any of the Constables, Headboroughs or Beadles of the said Parish, to serve all and every such Summons and Suinmonfcs upon all and every Person and ' ersons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be funi-moned or leaving thefair.e at his, her, or their lall or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at the Premises for which the Rates mentioned in such Summons shall remain due and owing; and if any Person or i'erson so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he, ffie, or they shall attend and shall not make it appear to such Justice or Justices, by good and sufficient Cause, that he, she, or they, is or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates, then and in every such Case all and every such Person and Persons who shall have been so summoned, shall pay the reasonable Costs and Charges of such

3735

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

such Summons; and in all Cases where the said Race or Rales, or any of them, shall not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it fliu.ll and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him or them of the due Service of such Summons or Summcnfes, by the Party who shall have served the fame, to grant a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand or Hands, Seal or Seals, authorizing and directing the said Collector or Collectors, or any Constable, Pleadborough, or Beadle of the said Parish, to collect and levy all and every such Rate or Rates, Assessmen or Affsffments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Expences of the Summi ng and Warrant, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, which shall be found either within ttie said Parish or elsewhere; and it within Five Days next after any such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, with all Arrears; due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of the said Summons fif such Summons shall not have been before paid for) and Warrant, and of making such Distress, and keeping such Goods and Chattels, the said Collector or Collectors, Constable or Constables, Headborough or Headboroughs, Beadle or Beadles, shall cause the said Goods to be appraised by one or more Appraiser or Appraifers, and the fame, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be sufficient to be sold to pay the said Rate or Rates,

Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges aforesaid, and the Charges of appraising and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him, her, or them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant of Distress for Formofihe Non-payment of any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this or Warraat-the said herein before recited Acts, or either of them, shall be made in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ Surrey, ) '‘f'O the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, andColIectors c 10 c. ( A of the Poors Rates of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen ‘ Bsrtnondjh, in the County of Surrey, and to all Constables and other Peace C ’fficers whomsoever, any or either of them.

WHEREAS the undermentioned Persons, now or late Inhabitants,

* HouseholdeiS, Landlords, 1 enants, Occupiers or Enjoyers of Land,

‘ Homes, Sh- ps, Warehdufes, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or ‘ other Buildings, Tenements, Ga dens, or Hereditaments, or Part of ‘ some Building or Tenement within the said Parish of Saint Mary Magda-

* Jen Idermndfey, were and are liable to pay the Rate or Rates duly made

* for the Purpose of an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [set forth the Title of this Ad~]:

‘ And whereas the said Persons have refused or neglected to pay the several ‘ Sums of Money at and against their Names hereunder respectively set,

« being Money due from them for and towards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned or referred unto; and the said several Sum and Sums are still remaining due in arrear and unpaid; and the said several Persons ‘ having been summoned to appear before

« to answer the Premises, as appeareth to me [or, us] the said

‘ Justice [or, Justices] upon Oath; and they, nor either of them, having

* jfhewn any sufficient Cause why such Sum or Sums of Money should not

‘ be

373^ 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

* be paid, These are therefore in His Majesty's Name to will and require

* you, any or either of you, forthwith to levy the said several Sums due

* from the said Persons, and hereunder joined to or set against their Names

* respectively, by Distress and Sale of their respective Goods and Chattels,

‘ (such Goods and Chattels being kept for the Space of Days be-

‘ fore the same are fold, rendering to them respectively the Overplus, if

* any), the reasonable Charges of such Summons, Warrants, Distress,

* Sale and Keeping, being first deducted; and if no sufficient Distress can

* be had or taken, that then you certify the same to me, | or, us,] to the

* end such further Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain; and I [or, we] do hereby strictly charge and command all and

* singular the Constables and other His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said County to be aiding and assisting in all Things relating to the Pre-

* mises. Given under my Hand and Seal, [or, under our Hands and

‘ Seals], this Day of in the Year of our

‘ Lord

£• d.

* A. B.

‘ C. D.

* E. F. the Landlord for divided Premises.’

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Deeds, Conveyances, and Assurances for any Land, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased for the Purposes of this or the said herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, shall be made at the F.xpence of the said Governors and Directors; and that all Conveyances of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to the said Governors and Directors for the Purposes of this or the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall and may be made in thp Form or to the Effect following:

* it remembered, That I, A.B. of in consideration

‘ of the Sum of to me paid by the Governors and

‘ Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey,

‘ in the County of Surrey, (or in Consideration of an Annuity, as the Case

* may be) do hereby grant and release (or assign, as the Case may be) to the ‘ said Governors and Directors, all [here describe the Premises to be conveyed~] and all my Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold the same to the said Governors and Directors,

* and their Successors, for ever, (or for the Interest assigned, as the Case

* may be) by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King ‘ George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of the Ad.J ‘ In Witness whereof I the said A.B. have hereunto set my Hand ana

* Seal, this Day of in the Year of our

* Lord

And every such Conveyance so made, in the Form and Manner or to the Effect aforesaid, shall afterwards be enrolled in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, and shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom,to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Contracts for Land to be in Writing.

Form of Grant.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the several Persons having a Right to the Cart Way, Horse Way, and Foot Ways from the High Street to the Tenements at the East End of the said Church Yard, shall at any Time hereafter consent and agree to relinquish the same to the said Governors and Directors, (such Consent to be signified in Writing) then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Governors and Directors, and they are hereby required to purchase of and from the Owners and Proprietors of a certain private Street or Way on the South Side of the said Church Yard, or of any Ground adjoining thereto, a Right ofaCarriage Way, Horse Way, and Foot Way to and for the said several Persons so entitled as aforesaid, in lieu of the Ways and Privileges so consented to be relinquished.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Executor, Administrator, Trustee, Feoffee in Trust, Husband, Guardian, Committee of any Lunatic or Idiot, Commissioners appointed under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, seized, possessed, entitled or interested in or to the Land, Ground, Tenement or Hereditaments, by this or the said former Acts, or either of them, authorized to be purchased for the Purposes of enlarging the Workhouse and Church Yard of the said Parish as therein or herein-before mentioned, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Governors and Directors for the Sale of, or the taking, using, passing over or damaging any the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned or specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein, or by reason of Abl’ence or other Inability shall be prevented from treating with the said Governors and Directors, or shall not or cannot produce and make out a clear Title to the Hereditaments and Premises required to be purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, and of which he, she, or they are or may be in Possession, or to the Interest he, she, or they do or may claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Governors and Directors, at a Meeting to be by them the said Governors and Directors appointed for that Purpose, of which Meeting Eight Days Notice at least, signed by the Clerk to the said Governors and Directors, shall be given or left at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer of any such Corporation, or of the Owner, Trustee, or other Person interested in such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or at the House of the Tenant or Occupier thereof, or where the same shall be unoccupied, by affixing such Notice on the Door or some other conspicuous Part of the said Premises, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors and Directors to caftfe a Notice in Writing, signed by their Clerk, to be given, left, or affixed as aforesaid of the Sum of Money in gross, or the Annuity or Rent Charge they are willing to pay or grant for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Right or Rights of Way over the fame, or for the joint or separate Interests of the said Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation, Executor, Administrator, Trustee or Trustees, Feoffees, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Commissioners, Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested in the fame, or for any Part or Parts thereof, Interest or Interests therein, concerning the Sale and Purchase whereof there shall be any Dispute or Difficulty; in which Notice a Time and Place shall be appointed for a Meeting with

[Loc. Per.'] 41 P the

3737

Governors to purchase a Carriage and Footway.

In case Proprietors cannot agree with the Governors a Jury to be summoned.

3738

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

the Parties interested in the fame, which Time shall be at the Distance of Fourteen Days at the lead from the Delivery of fuel) Notice; and in case such Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer, Owner, Occupier, Trustee, or other Person so interested as aforesaid, or fomc Person duly authorized in their Behalf, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place in such Notice mentioned, or shall refuse to accept the Sum or Sums, Annuity or Rent Charge so offered, or shall not then produce and make out, to the Satisfaction of the said Governors and Directors, a clear litle to the Hereditaments and Premises, or to the particular Interest claimed therein, or shall, upon being required by the said Governors and Directors, refuse to enter into a written Contract or Agreement to convey the same to the said Governors and Directors, or to such Person or Persons, and in such Way or Ways as they shall direct, then the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall cause to be enquired into, ascertained, and assessed, by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Surrey, what Recompence or Satisfaction shall be made to the Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers of, or other Persons interested as aforesaid, for or upon account of the taking, using, passing over, or damaging such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of the respective Interests of the said several Parties therein; which Jury shall and may, according as the said Governors and Directors shall deem it adviseable, inquire into and ascertain either the total Recompence to be made to the Owner or Owners, and all other Persons interested in the Premises collectively, or only so much and such Part or Parts thereof, or for such Interest or Interests therein, as the said Governors and Directors shall deem it necessary, at such Time to have inquired into and ascertained; and in order thereto, the said Governors and Directors shall, and they are hereby required to give a Notice in Writing Ten Days at the lead previous to the Day on which the Jury shall be summoned, to meet in Manner herein-after mentioned, to the Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or so many of them as are at that Time know n to the said Governors and Directors, which Notice shall specify the Time and Place at which the Governors and Directors and Jury are to meet, for the Purposes of addling and ascertaining the Amount of the said Recompence and Satisfaction for the Premises, or where they deem it adviseable, of the particular Interest or Interests, the Value of which is to be then assessed and ascertained, and whether the (ante is to be done by a gross Sum or byWay of Annuity or Rent Charge; which Notice shall be signed and served in the same Manner as the Notice last herein-before by this Act required is directed to be given, served, or affixed j and the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to issue their Warrant to the Sheriff of the said County of Surrey, thereby commanding him to impanel, fumnron, and return Twenty-four disinterested reputable Persons of the said County, qualified to serve oh Jnries, and not being Land Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers of Land or Tenements within, or Inhabitants of, the said Parish, to appear before the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, is hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such Number accordingly; and the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, are hereby required to appear before the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in and by such Warrant and Summons shall be directed

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

refled and appointed, and to attend there, or at any other Place or Place;, within the said Parish to which the said Inquiry shall, by the said Governor* and Directors, or any Five or more of them, be adjourned from Day to Day, until they shall be discharged by the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them; and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon Inch Summons, the Clerk to the said Governors and Directors shall draw or cause to be drawn by Ballot, Twelve out oi the said Twenty-four, and shall administer the Oath herein-after set forth to every Person so drawn upon such Jury, and against whom no Cause of Challenge shall be allowed, in manner herein-after mentioned, such Oath to be administered as hereinafter is by this Act directed; and in default of the Attendance of a sufficient Number of Persons so summoned and impanelled, or if their Number shall be reduced to less than Twelve, by the setting aside of some for Cause of Challenge, allowed in Manner as is herein-after provided, then, and in every such Case, the said Sheriff or his Deputy, if the Majority of the Governors and Directors then present shall direct him so to do, shall impannel other honeff and indifferent Men of the Sranders-bye, or that can be speedily procured, to attend thereon, who shall be sworn in like Manner, until the Number of Twelve shall be completed, which Twelve Persons so sworn, shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Governors and Directors, and all other Persons interested or concerned, shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn: Provided always, that all Persons interested and concerned in the Matter of the said Inquiry, other than the said Governors and Directors, shall join in their Challenges of the said Jurymen, or otherwise the same shall not be allowed, and shall not be permitted to challenge the Array, or more than Fifteen of the said Persons so impannelled or called; and the said Governors and Directors, or any Five of them, are also hereby empowered and required, at any Time after they shall have issued their Warrant to the Sheriff, directing him to impannel a Jury, and as often, from Time to Time thereafter, as Occasion shall be or require, to issue their Precept or Summons, thereby commanding any Person or Persons whomsoever to appear and be examined before the said Jury upon Oath, touching the Matters in question (such Oath to be administered as herein-after is directed); and the said Governors and Directors shall and may order and cause the Jury so impannelled and sworn, to view the Premises in question if there be Occasion, and shall use all other Ways and Means for the Information of the said Jury in the Premises, which to them the said Governors and Directors shall seem lit and expedient; and the said Governors and Directors shall have full Power to adjourn every such Meeting or Hearing from Day to Day, and to such Hour and Place or Places within the said Parish as Occasion shall require; and all Persons summoned on such Jury, and the said Jury when sworn, and all Witnesses and Parties shall and are hereby required to attend thereupon until they shall be discharged by the said Governors and Directors; and the said Governors and Directors, or any Five of them, shall have full Power from Time to Time, and at all Times, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Under Sheriff or Deputy, Bailiff or Bailiffs. Agent or Agents making Default in the Premises; and on any Person or Persons who, being summoned and returned on such J ury, shall not appear and attend at each and every Meeting and Meetings and Adjournments thereof, until they shall be discharged in Manner aforesaid; and on any Person or Persons

49° GEORGII III. Cap. iS4.

who shall refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or who being so sworn shall refuse or shall not give their Verdict therein, or who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty, for which he or they shall have been so summoned or returned or impannelled; or upon any Person or Persons who being summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence therein, and from Time to Time to recover, levy, and apply all such Fine or Fines hereby authorized to be by them the said Governors and Directors, or any Five of them, imposed in the same Manner as any other Forfeiture or Penalty is, by the said recited Acts or either of them, directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, so as that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds upon the Sheriff, his Under Sheriff, or Deputy, or of Ten Pounds upon any other Person for one Offence; and the Jury so sworn shall inquire into and assess the Value of, and the Reconipence and Satisfaction to be paid or made to the Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers of, or Persons otherwise interested in the Premises, all or any of them, as the Case may be, and shall give in their Verdict accordingly to the said Governors and Directors.

r XXIX. And be it enacted, That after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and assessed such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, the said Governors and Directors shall thereupon (unless a new Trial shall be granted in the Manner herein-after mentioned) adjudge and determine the Sum or Sums of Money, Annuity or Annuities so afieffed by the said Jury, to be paid or granted to the Corporation, Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, according to such Verdict or Inquisition, and the Judgement, Order, or Determination so had and made shall lie final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, as well agairtft the King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, as against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming in Post'efiion, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors (as well absent as present), Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics, Cestuique Trusts, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and other Persons interested in such Lands, Tenements, Ground, or Hereditaments, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Money so assessed as aforesaid, or Upon Payment or depositing thereof in Manner herein-after directed, or upon such Annuity or Annuities, Rent Charge or Rent Charges being so secured as aforesaid, be from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, and to the fame; and thereupon the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Right or Interest so purchased, shall vest in the said Governors and Directors, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, save and except such Right or Rights of Way as may be purchased under the Provisions of this Act, for the said Tenants or Occupiers of the said Messuages, Tenements, and Premises at the East End of the said Church Yard (which Right and Rights of Way so to be purchased) shall thenceforth for ever be used and enjoyed by such Occupiers and Possessors thereof in the same Manner as the present Tenants and Occupiers are now' entitled to use and enjoy the Ways intended to be relinquifked.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184. 3741

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Jury and Juries shall not ^a^ee°)-.g*n‘lt m any Shape, or upon any Account whatever, in assessing or aCcertaining timed without the Value of any Premises, or of any Interest or Interests therein, or of ^cfert"fe tot any Right or Rights to be purchased over the fame, take into their Con- mrruvun n sideration any Increase in Worth or Value which such Premises shall or

may feceive by any of the Works hereby, or by the said former Adds, or either of them, authorized to be done and performed; but the Recompence to be made for such Ground or Premises, Right or Rights, shall be inquired into, ascertained, and assessed by the said Jury, according to the Value of the fame, without Reference to any such Works.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, That such Jury and Juries shall, and fow°nce*ror they are hereby required, in ascertaining the Value of any Land on the the Liabifty of South Side of the said Church Yard, or of any Interest therein, to take °w"r^-"Ul into their Consideration any decreased Worth or Value thereof, for or on u'n ‘ Account of the Costs or Expences which the Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees of such Ground, is or are by Law subject or liable to pay or expend in the maintaining and supporting a proper Fence between such Ground so to be purchased and the said Church Yard, and in the AssessT-inent to be by them made to deduct and make a reasonable Allowance for the fame out of the Sum to be by the said Governors and Directors paid for the Purchase of the said Land, and to return their Verdict accordingly.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said Jury^o be Jury shall be sworn to ascertain and assess such Recompence and Satisfac- "or tion as aforesaid, in the Form following, except so far as it may be necessary to change the fame for the Purpose of describing the Matter or Thing,

Matters or Things for which the said Recompence or Satisfaction is to be ascertained or given:

I A.B. do swear. That I will well and truly assess and enquire, with- Form of Oath. ‘ out any Favour, Partiality, or Affection whatsoever, the Sum [or, Annuity, as the Case may be] which ought to be paid [or, granted, as the ‘ Case may be] for and in Recompence of [describing the Premises only, if the total Value thereof is to be the Matter of Inquiry, or if anyfeparate Inter ejl or ‘ Interests, then say, the Estate and Interest of A. B., or, the several and ‘ respective Estates and Interests of A.B. C.D. and E.F. each and every of ‘ them] in the [describe the Premises to be purchased] or in the Right or ‘ Rights of Way over [describe the Premises over which the fame is to be]

‘ under and by virtue or an Act passed [here recite the Title of this Act]

• and that I will a true Verdict give according to the Evidence.

'So help me GOD.’

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic, Owners not

Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate '°e

or Sole, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, Owner or Owners Occupation "if of, or interested in any Part or Parts of any Houses, Buildings, Tene- inclined to fell ments, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this or the said the VVllolt’ herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, which shall be in the actual Possession of one Tenant or several Tenants, shall by Notice in Writing,

to be left at the Dwelling House or Office of the Clerk to the said Go-f Lee. £3* Per.] 41 Q vemors.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

vernors and Directors, within Ten Days next after Application for the Purchase thereof, signify his, her, or their Desire to sell and convey the Whole of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditament, then and in every such Case the Whole of every such House, Building, Land, or Premises shall be deemed and held to be necessary to be purchased for effecting the Purposes of this and the before-recited Acts; and in case such Owners or Persons interested as aforesaid shall neglect to give such Notice, or being willing to fell such Part and Parts of the Premises aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Governors and Directors as to the Sum of Money to be paid for the Part which the said Governors and Directors shall think necessary to be purchased, then and in every such Case a Jury summoned as is herein-before provided, shall ascertain the Value of the Premises according to the Condition in which they are at the Time of such Inquiry, and also the Value of such Part of the same as will remain after the said Governors and Directors shall have taken away so much as they think necessary in and for the Purposes of this and the herein-before recited Acts, or either of them.

Memorial of Vmlifta to be inroiled.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That a Memorial of all such Ver-dists and Judgements shall be inrolled with the proper Officer for inrolling of Deeds and Conveyances in the High Court of Chancery, who is hereby required to receive and inrol the fame within Six Calendar Months next after such Verdict and Judgement shall be made and given, which Memorial shall and may be in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

Form of ‘ DE it remembered, That pursuant to a Warrant directed to the Sheriff

Memorial, < J-> of the County of Surrey, dated the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord under the Hands and Seals

* of Five or more of the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the ‘ Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey,

' appointed to carry into Execution an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the ‘ Third, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of this Act] the fol-‘ lowing, among others, to wit [here insert the Names of the Jury

* fworn3 were returned and summoned by the said Sheriff to assess and

* ascertain what Recompence should be made to the Owners of and other

* Persons interested in [or, if for a separate Intereji, slate fame as in the 1 Warrant] all that [describing the Premises J for or upon account of the said Premises [or, of the Estate or Interest of the said C.D. as the Case ‘ may be] or for a Right of Way over [here describe the Premises] being taken or used by the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said ‘ Parish, for the Purposes of the said Act and other the Acts therein

* mentioned; and the said Persons being assembled at in

* the Parish of in the said County of Surrey, and sworn to

‘ assess and ascertain, according to the Evidence then to be produced before

* them, the just and true Value of the said Premises, [or, of the said

* Estate and Interest of the said C.D. or of the said Right of Way, as

* the Case may be] and what Recompence ought to be made as aforesaid; and after Enquiry had and Evidence given touching the fame,

* the said Persons did find that the just and true Value of the said Pre-‘ mises, [or, of the said Estate and Interest of the said C.D. or of the Right

* of Way, as the Case may be,] and the Recompence to be made as afore-

2 * said.

3743

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

‘ said, was and should be the Sum of [or, a certain Annuity, as the Case may be~\: Whereupon we, whose Names are hereunto ‘ subscribed and Seals affixed, being Five or more of the Governors and ‘ Directors of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Ber-‘ mondsey, assembled at the Time and Place before-mentioned, do hereby

* adjudge and determine the said Sum of to be paid, [or,

* the said Annuity to be secured] to the Person or Persons interested in

* the said Premises, [or, to the said C.D. as the Case may bef[ as the Re-

* compence or Satisfaction of or for his, her, or their several Rights

‘ and Interests in the fame [or, for the famejj. Given under our Hands ‘ and Seals this Hay of in the Year of our Lord

t

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Sum or Sums of Money, or other Recompence so assessed and awarded by any Jury in consequence of any Refusal to treat and agree for any such Purchase or Purchases as herein-before mentioned, shall be less by one Fourth Part in the Whole than the Sum or Sums of Money, or other Satisfaction, which the said Governors and Directors shall have previously offered to allow as and for such Purchase and Satisfaction, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Recompence as aforesaid to be so assessed and awarded by a Jury as aforesaid, and of the assessing and awarding the fame, and in consequence thereof shall be borne and paid by the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming and refusing to treat and agree as before-mentioned respectively; and the said Governors and Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to receive and retain, or cause to be received and retained the Amount of the said Colts, Charges, and Expences out of the Sum or Sums of Money, Annuity or Annuities so to be assessed or awarded, or out of any Part Payment or Payments thereof, and to cause the same to be applied in Discharge of such Colts, Charges, and Expences.

XXXVI. Provided always, That before any such Colts and Expences shall be so retained or deducted by the said Governors and Directors, the same shall be ascertained and allowed by the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey, or by his Deputy, in all Cases in which such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy are not interested; but in case such Clerk of the Peace and his Deputy shall be interested in the Matters in Question, then and in every such Case such Colts and Expences shall be ascertained by One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Surrey, not interested therein; which said Clerk of the Peace, his Deputy or Justice, are hereby authorized and required to ascertain the fame for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided also, That in all Cases wherein any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence from or being out of Great Britain, be prevented from treating with the said Governors and Directors, then the Colts and Expences of fumtnoning and maintaining the said Jury, and all other the Expences of the said Governors and DirecStors in obtaining such Assessment, shall be paid and discharged by the said Governors and Directors, or their Treasurer, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this or the said recited Acts,

By whom Expences ofjury,

&c. are to be paid.

By whomCofU

are to be ascertained.

No Colts to be deduced if Claim nt prevented by Inability to treat.

3744

Allowance to Sheriff and Jnry.

Unless the Re-compenfe awarded paid or secured within Six Months, Ver-dict not binding.

Lands to vetl in the Governors on Payment or Security for the Va-lue or Amount thereof.

49‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That each and every Juryman who shall be sworn for the Purposes of this or the said recited Acts, shall for his Trouble and Expences in the Premises be allowed the Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence for each Day’s Attendance, and no more, notwithstanding such juryman shall be sworn on several Inquiries and Assessments on the same Day; and that the Sheriff for impanelling, summoning and returning of each Jury shall be allowed the Sum of One Pound One Shilling, and no more; and for attending by himself, his Under Sheriff, or Deputy, upon(each Inquiry, and upon every Adjournment thereof, the additional Sum of One Pound One Shilling, and no more; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for ascertaining the said Costs and Expences, when required so to do, the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings, and no more.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Sum or Sums of Money, Annuity or Annuities so assessed or awarded by any such Jury, and ordered and adjudged by the said Governors and Directors to be paid or granted to the Owners or Occupiers and others, for their respective Rights and Interests in the Premises the Subjects of such Inquiry, shall not be paid, tendered, deposited, or granted as herein before directed, within Six Calendar Months after the same shall have been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged, then and in such Case the Verdict of the said Jury, and the Order and Adjudication thereon, shall not be binding upon the said Parties, but the same shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and thereupon the said Parties shall be entitled to the Colts and Expences by them sustained by reason of such Inquiry, which Costs and Expences, to be ascertained in such Manner as Costs and Expences are by this Act directed to be ascertained, shall be paid by the said Governors and Directors within Fourteen Days next after the same shall be demanded of their Clerk for the Time being.

XL. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money, or good and sufficient Security being given by the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them, for Payment of any such Annuity or Annual Rent as shall have been contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or adjusted and determined by any Jury or Juries for the Purchase of any such Lands or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompence for any yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages, or any Right or Rights of Wayfo to be purchased as herein-before mentioned, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Purchase Money, Rent, or Compensation respectively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for, determined, or assessed, or the depositing the fame in the Bank of England, in Manner as by this Act is directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors and Directors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments respectively; and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Truss, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property of the said Governors

3745

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

nors and Directors, to and for the Purposes of this and the said hereinbefore recited Acts, for ever; and such Tender, Payment, or Deposit, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the fame is or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, and his, her, or their Issue, and of all and every other Person or Persons interested therein.

XI.I. And whereas Questions of Doubt and Difficulty may arise, as well in respect of the Title of Parties applying for such Recompence or Satisfaction, as in respect of the Amount of the Compensation or Satisfaction to be recovered, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Person who shall sum up the Cafe to the Jury, to reserve any Point of Law arising from such Inquiry, for the Consideration of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, upon Motion to be made in the fame Court, in the same Manner as if such Point had been reserved by the Lord Chief Justice of the fame Court, fitting at Nisi Prius; or in case either the Parties claiming such Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, or the said Governors and Directors shall be dissatisfied with any Verdict given (except in the Cafe of a Verdict given upon a new Trial, had in Manner herein-after mentioned), and the Person who summed up the Cafe to the Jury shall certify under his Hand that it is a fit Cafe to move for a new Trial, it shall and may be lawful either for such Parties, or for the said Governors and Directors, upon producing such Certificate, verified by Affidavit, within the first Four Days of the Term next after such Trial, to move the said Court of King’s Bench for a new Trial in such Case; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for tthe said Court, in either of such Cases, upon the Report of such Person, to hear and determine the fame Point or Points; and the Determination that the said Court shall make thereupon shall be specified and contained in a Rule of the fame Court, and shall be transmitted to the said Governors and Directors, who shall give Judgement thereon accordingly; or it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order and direct a new Trial to be had upon the Premises, either before the said Governors and Directors, or before the Lord Chief Justice or some other Judge of the fame Court, in case the said Court shall think fit so to allow such Trial to be had at the Sittings for London or Middlesex, as the fame Court shall think fit to order, subject to such Directions concerning the Costs of the First Trial, and the fub-sequent Proceedings, as the fame Court shall think fit to give in that Behalf.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case such new Trial shall be ordered and directed to be had, then that all Matters and Things, Clauses and Provisoes herein-before contained respecting the Proceedings previous to, upon, and after the said First Trial, (except so far as the lame may be altered by the Direction and Order of the said Court of King’s Bench, and the Judgement to be given thereon), shall apply and extend to the Second Trial, to be had by the Direction and Order of the fame Court, and the Proceedings previous to, upon, and after the fame, as fully as if the fame had been herein repeated and re-enacted.

[Lac. 1$ Per.41 XLIII. And

Points of T.jw or other Difference maybe referred to the Court of King's Bench.

Dheftions fop

Proceedings

therein.

Proceed'-: o be removed.

Misnomert,or wren {■ Defer ptions in the Schedule, not to prevent the Execution of the Ait.

Tenants at Will to deliver Potlession at Six Months Notict.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such new Trial shall so, as aforesaid, be ordered and directed to be had before the Lord Chief Justice, or some other Judge of the fame Court, at the Sittings for London or Middlesex, the Record of the Proceedings of the fame Governors and Directors shall be removed into the said Court of King’s Bench by Writ of Certiorari, and Rich and the like Proceedings take place thereupon, in order to the fame new Trial, as are had in Cases of Indictments found at Sessions and removed into the Court of King’s: Bench by Certiorari; and after such new Trial shall have taken place, the Record thereof, and of all other Proceedings in the Premises, shall be remitted and sent back to the said Governors and Directors, who shall thereupon give Judgement upon the Verdict taken on such new Trial, as if the fame had been originally given in the first Instance.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Land, Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or any of the Persons in whole Possession or Occupation the fame, or any Part thereof, are, or is stated or described to be, shall happen to be misnamed or inaccurately described, then and in such Case, on the fame being certified by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, such Misnomer or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act, but the fame Premises, and every Part thereof, shall and may be put chafed, fold, alfelfed, and valued in Manner as in this Act mentioned, and afterwards conveyed, disposed of, and applied for and to the Purposes of this and the said herein-before recited Acts, as fully and effectually as if the fame was or were properly named or described in this Act, or in the said Schedule hereto annexed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Governors and Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from the Clerk to the said Governors and Directors, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them to take such Possession; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, or io soon after as he, flie, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Governors and Directors, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof (such Authority being signified under the Hands of the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them); and in case any such Person or Persons, so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Surrey, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall, in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing

to

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months, Interest on the said Principal Money, by the said Governors and Directors, or by such Person or Persons as they, shall appoint, or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Governors and Directors, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then and in such Case, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Governors and Directors, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, on such Tender or Payment, then and in such Case all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then and in such Case the said Governors and Directors shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Premises so ascertained as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, then, upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Governors and Directors, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money agreed or awarded to be paid to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Guardian, Commissioners, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase of or the Damage to be done to any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers in this or the said herein-before recited Acts contained, such Money shall, 1 whenever

Mortgagees t» convey.

Application of Compensation where exceeding 200I.

3748

If Icfs than aoo 1- and tqual to *o I.

49'’ GGEORGII HI. Cap. 184.

whenever it shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pound*, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Bermondsey, and the Person or Persons to whom such Lands or Hereditaments shall belong, or by whom the same shall be claimed, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Teneinents, or Hereditaments, or aflfecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments settled therewith, to the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Directions and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trails, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making any such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect j and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be so made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto by any of the Persons interested therein, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, payable at the Bank of England; and in the mean Time, and until the same shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated Annuities or Reduced Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by the Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby and by the said herein-before recited Acts authorized or permitted to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlements were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporation or Corporations, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons entitled for the Time being to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, i» case of Infancy or Lunacy (such Option to be signified to the said Governors and Directors in Writing, under the respective Hands of the Persons claiming the fame), be paid into the Bank of England, in the * Name

3749

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there as herein-before mentioned, and be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall and may be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Governors and Directors, or any Five of them, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends atifing therefrom, may from Time to Time be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Money so If under ?o1. agreed or awarded to be paid as aforesaid, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this or the said herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, in such Manner as the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit j or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Governors and Directors shall direct the same to be paid,

shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to tn of whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Rcf"k* * any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased or taken by virtue of 'awiuUd, or this or the said herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, shall refuse to ^j."£nt accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises Titles, oHt to the Satisfaction of the said Governors and Directors; or in case the Owners can-Person or Persons intitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be HurcSafc’ not known or discovered, then and in every or any such Case, it shall and Money to be may be lawful to and for the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or ^','Idk"Uo the more of them, to order the said Sum of Money so awarded as aforesaid. to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sufn or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem, meet, to order and direct the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order the said Sum or Sums to be distributed, or the Dividends thereof to be paid to the Person or Persons making claim thereto, according to their respective Estate or Eliates, Titles or interest therein; and to make such further or other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caftiiers of the [Lee. & Per.'} 41 S Bank

375°' 49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 184.

Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give to the said Governors and Directors, or other Person or Persons paying the fame on their Behalf, a Receipt or Receipts for the Amount thereof, mentioning and specifying therein to and upon what Account the fame is so paid.

The Comt

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of rcif naHe any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation euti-Expences to tied to any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments to be purchased Governors S* unc*er t^le Authority of this or the said herein-before recited Acts, the Pur-Put'Smo- chafe Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court iiry l.iu out ou of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, 01 r Lands. or nere(]jtaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or f much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, toge ther with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Governors and Directors, or their Treasurer, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sum and Sums of Money for such Purposes aS the said Court shall order and direct.

tied till the

contrary

fiiova.

tton'jhSnrif-

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any touching the L Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be fin'in p<i',efr" into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Ron to 1 e Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this or deemed inti- the said herein-before recited Aids, or either of them, for the Purchase of arty Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or I mere ft in the fame, to be purchased or taken in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities or other Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom, then and in such Case the Person or Persons who shall have been in Peflfeflion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or them, or under his, her, or their Possession, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully intitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according tcf such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satis action of the said Court; and the Dividends of Interest of the Government Securities, by this Act or the said former Acts, diiefted to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital Stock thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall he made appear to the fani Court that feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Eftute or Interest therein.

Part of the I

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That-

Gur°h"f d tof the said Governors and Duefto s shall, and they are hereby required, so Sc la:il into soon as the said Piece of Ground cm the Eaii S.de of Bermondsey Street, in

the S..cet. the said "chedule mentioned, shall be in them veiled, to throw into such

Street not less' than Twelve Feet in Width of the West Side of the said Ground, the whole Length thereof from North to South, and not less than Six Feet in Width from 1- act to Weft thereof, for the Purpose of making a commodiou Foot Path on the Outside of the said Church-Yard, for such. Lengths thereof as-the fame abuts on the said Street or Ways.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184. 3 57*

LIV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from ia

and after the said Path Way on the Outside of the said Church-Yard shall t;nued. be widened and compleated in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors and Directors to shut up and discontinue the Foot Path now leading through the said Church Yard from the North Side to the Street on the South Side thereof, and all other Paths leading through cr over the said Church-Yard to any other. Place whatsoever, to the end' that each and every of fuclt Paths shall no longer be used as such by any Person. or Persons whomsoever: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken, or shall extend to prevent the Person and Persons now entitled to such Cart Way and Foot Ways to the Tenements at the East End of the said Church-Yard from the Use and Exercife of such Right and Rights until he, she, and they shall have relinquished the lame to the said Governors and Directors as herein-before mentioned.

LV. And whereas, by reason of the Purchases which the said Governors ^a’not and Directors are hereby empowered to make, they may become possessed wanted for the of some Pieces of Land or Ground, or of some Messuage or Messuages, church Yard Tenements and Premises, over and above what may be necessary to be laid to into the said Church-Yard, be it therefore further enacted, That in cale the said Governors and Directors shall at any Time become possessed of any Ground, Messuage or Tenement, Messuages or Tenements, more than shall be necessary to belaid into the said Church-Yard, or such Ways thereto as herein before mentioned, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors and Directors, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, Messuage or Messuages, Tenements and Premises, for such Term or Estate which they may have therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to contract for or purchase the fame, and to execute any Conveyance or Conveyances thereof to the Purchaser or Purchasers; which Conveyance and Conveyances shall be adjudged sufficient to vest such Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Messuage or Messuages, Tenements and Premises in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and the Purchase Monies shall be applied by the said Governors and Directors for the Purposes of this and the Lid recited Acts.

LVI. Provided always, That the said Governors and Directors, before The persons they fell and - ifpose of any such Land or Tenements, or any Part thereof, pu^hnicd'to shall firlk offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they be preferred, shall have purchased the fame; and in case any Difference shall arise as to the Price at which the same shall be refold, then such Price shall be settled and adjusted by a Jury, to be summoned as in Cases of Purchases made by the said Governors an i Directors; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and i hereupon agree, or shall ref use and neglect to repurchase the fame, or shall not signify his, her, or their Intention of repurchafing the fame within Twenty one Days after such Offer of Refale, then, and in every such Case, an Affidavit being sworn before a Matter or Mailer extraordinary of the High Court of C hancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices 01 the Peace for the Lid County of Surrey, by some competent Person or Persons. flaiing that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Governors and Directors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to,

■or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so made)

shall

3752

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 184.

shall in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

to inclose the Church Yard.

To build an ijigiae House,

To build Vaults.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said (iovemors and Directors shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to cause the present Church-Yard, with such additional Ground as shall or maybe obtained for the Enlargement thereof, or so much thereof as may be necessary to be enclosed, with a good and substantial Brick Wall, or Brick Wall and Iron Railing, or other Fence, and to ere3: in such Manner as they shall think proper, either within or without the said Wall, or so as to make Part thereof a Building for receiving One or more Engines for the extinguishing of Fires; and also a small Dwelling House for the Residence of a Person or Persons to be by them appointed to keep the said Engine or Engines in good Order and Repair, and to take Care of and protest the said Burial Ground; and that the said Governors and Directors shall and may by and with the Content of the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being, make and build such Vaults, or other Conveniences for the Interment of the Dead, within the said Church-Yard and additional Ground, as they shall from Time to Time think necessary and proper; and when such additional Ground shall have been fenced in as aforesaid, and shall have been considerated in like Manner as is in the said former Act mentioned, it shall and may be used for the Interment of the Dead; subject never theless to such Orders and Regulations respecting the Management thereof, as shall from Time to Time be made by the said Governors and Directors, so that such Orders and Regulations do not interfere with or lessen the settled Fees payable to the Rector of the said Parish, or ta any other Person entitled to Fees for or on any Interment in such Church-Yard.

Power

LVIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Engitre UCh Governors and Directors, whenever they shall think pioper so to do, to dif-Keeper. place and remove every or any such Person or Persons by them appointed for the Care of such Engine and Proteftien of such Burial Ground; and thereupon immediately, and without Process of Law, to put out and expel such Person or Persons, and every of them, from and out of such Dwelling or Place of Residence; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Exrences

LIX. And whereas It would tend to the saving of a considerable Expence. Church Yard, l^e Governors and Directors were empowered to apply a Part of the &c. to be paid Money collected or to be collected by virtue of the Rates or Assessments Poor* Rates Inack or to be made for the Purposes of the said herein before recited Acts, eu ‘ for and towards the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors and Directors, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, to pay and apply out of the Rates or Assessments made or to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and other the Purposes in tile said herein-before recited Acts mentioned, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may from Time to Time be necessary for carrying nto Execution this Act; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

7

LX. Provided!

49* GEG R G11 III. Cap. 184. 3753

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Governors and Directors shall, and they are hereby required from Time kept of the to Time, and at all Times to keep or cause to be kept a distinct: and Expenditure, separate Account of ail Sum and Sums of Money by them paid, applied, and expended under or by virtue of this Act; which Account shall and may at all Times be inspected by any Inhabitant or Inhabitants paying tb the Church and Poor, without Fee or Reward; and that all future Repairs of the said Church and Church-Yard, shall after Leave or Permission of the Lord Bishop of Winchester, for that Purpose first obtained, be performed under the Direction and subject to the Controul of the said Governors and Directors.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Rate or Assessment. Rates or Assessments by the said herein-before recited Acts, or poweitcmake either of them, directed to be made, shall at any Time be found in- a separate fefficient for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this and the said Kate‘ herein-befoTe recite' Acts, then it shall be lawful for the said Governors and Directors, and they are hereby required, to make a separate, dif-tinct and special Rate for the Purposes of this Act; which Rate shall be made and allowed according to the like Rules and Regulations as in the said herein-before recited Acts mentioned, respecting the Rates thereby directed to be made, and shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered by such and the like Powers, and with the like Remedies as in this or the said herein-before recited Acts are given or mentioned for Recovery of the Rates by the said recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be made, and subject to the like Remedies by Appeal.

LXIf. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Go- The Pron-v vernors and Directors shall, and they are hereby required, at the Time and forth respective Times of making each and every Rate for the Relief of the Poor Purposes oi of the said Parish, and for other the Purposes in this or the said herein-before ths A r.° be recited Acts mentioned, to specify and declare in the Title of the Rates, the the t ite!' Sum or Proportion of the Assessments made therein for or on account of the Church and Church-Yard.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for To wife the said Governors and Directors, and they are hereby empowered, to bor- •^onp'on row and take up at filtered, or by way of Annuity or Annuities for Lives, Annuities, fipr the Purposes of endofing the said Church-Yard, and the complcating the Impr ovements by this Act directed to be made, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds; and that in case the same shall be advanced otherwise than by way of Annuity or Annuities, then that each Bond, Warrant, or other Security shall be Bon(!sto be made so. the Sum of One hundred Pounds and filtered:, and no more; for xool.vacb, and that the Principal Money so secured by Bonds or Warrant, shall be paid and discharged by the said Governors and Directors by Yearly Inflal-ments, or Payments of Five Pounds each, together with the lmereft due on the Money so advanced, or such Part thereof as shall from Time to To be ,r(. Time remain unpaid, such Intlalments and filtered: to be made on the 29th '^rF<H’.by Day of September yearly, an, 1 without any Preference whatsoever; which " said Bonds or Warrants shall and may be in the Form or to the Fife ft following; that is to say,

[loc. fcf i’cr.] 41 T * WE,

3754-

Form of ]2©nd or Warrant.

Or to raire the Money by Annuities.

Fees to the Rector and Churchwardens on Interments.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

c VJTTE, whose Hands and Seals are hereunto subscribed and set, being ‘ Five or more of the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the

4 Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Sumy, in.

* pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the

* Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King George the Third, intituled, An Act \here set forth the Title of this API,'] in Consideration of the Sum of One hundred Pounds advanced and lent by A.B. of

* to the Governors and Directors of the Poor

4 of the said Parish upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act,

* do hereby charge and make liable the Rates or Assessments made or to 4 be made for the Purposes of the said Act, or any the Acts therein recited,

* with the Repayment of the said Sum of One hundred Pounds with lawful Interest for the fame, to be paid to the said A. B.

c Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Instalments or Annual Payments of Five Pounds, together with Interest at the Rate of

* per Centum per Annum on the said Principal Sum of One hundred . ‘ Pounds, or so much thereof as shall from Time to Time remain due on the Twenty-ninth Day of September yearly; the First Payment to be made

‘ on the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing. In Witness

whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the

4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Bond or Warrant Hull be good, valid, and effectual in the

Law, for the Purposes thereby intended.

LXIV. Provided always, That in case the said Governors and Directors shall think it adviseable to raise all or any Part of the Money necessary for the Purposes of this Act, by the granting of Annuities for Lives, then it shall be lawful for the said Governors and Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise, by Way of Annuity or Annuities, in the Manner by the said herein-before recited Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed, any Sunt or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be secured on and payable out of the Rates to be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, in such and the like Manner as the Annuities by the said lait herein-before recited Act are thereby permitted Or directed to be made, or as near thereto as Circumstances will permit, and with such and the like Remedies for the Recovery thereof.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Rector of the Church of the said Parish, and the Churchwardens, Sexton, and other Officers for the Time being, belonging to the said Church, shall respectively, from Time to Time have, take, and enjoy the like Funeral Rates, Dues, Fees, Rights, Privileges, and Profits from or in respect of the Burials within such additional Burial Ground, by this or the said herein-before recited Acts directed to be obtained, as now are due and payable, or belong to such Rector, Churchwardens, Sexton, and other Officers, for or in respect of Burials within the ancient Burial Ground of the said Parish, and also to such other Rates, Dues, Fees, Rights, Privileges, and Profits, as may at any Time hereafter be ordered and settled by the said Rector and Governors and Directors, and allowed by the Lord Bishop of Winchester for the Time being, to be taken, due, and payable, or to be taken and exercised in respect thereof.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing ef •this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors and Di-redovs, by and with the Assent of the Rector of the said Parish Church for the Time being, to ascertain and settle a Table of Rates, Dues, and Fees . to be from Time to Time taken and paid to the Rector, Churchwa dens, and other Officers, in respect of any Burials in the said Church Yard, or any Ground to be added thereto by virtue of this or the said herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, which said Fees and Dues being allowed by the Lord fulhop of Winchester, shall and may be recovered by the said Governor: and Directors in such Manner as any other f ines, Penalties, Sum or S,...ns of Money, are. by this or the said recited Acts, or either of ■them, d'reeled to be recovered.

I,’ Nit. And be it further enacted, That all Fees and Dues payable to n o Rector of the said Parish Church, for the Time being, shall be, an . the same are to him hereby reserved; and that all Fees and Dues p; yable to the Churchwarden of the said Parish, in respect of the ,round and Bells used on the Death or Burial of the Dead, or for the erecting or placing any Tomb or Monument within the said Church or Church-yard, or upon any Ground to be added thereto, shall be paid to such Churchwarden for the Time being, and shall be by him applied in Discharge of the reasonable Salaries to be allowed to the Sexton, Grganilt, and other Servants of the said Church and Church-yard, as heretofore accudomed, and the Residue fif any) shall yearly be paid to the said Governors and Directors, for the Purposes of this and the said herein-before recited Acts.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That neither the said Governors and Directors, or any of them, or any Inhabitant of the said Parish, shall, in any Action, Prosecution, Information, Cause, Hearing, Examination, or other Proceeding whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this or the said herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, or concerning the said Parish, be deemed an incompetent Witness, by reason of his or their being such Governor and Director, or his, her, or their being such Inhabitant as aforesaid, or his or her being charged with or liable to pay any Rate or Assessnient to be raised, levied, and collected by virtue of this or the said recited Acts.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Churchwarden and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being shall Yearly and •every Year, within Three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of or Discharge from his or their Office or Offices, make up and deliver to the said Governors and Directors a true, faithful, and perfect Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, upon Oath, if so required, (such Oath to be administered as in the said secondly herein-before recited Act is directed) of all Sum or Sums of Money collected or received by such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or any Person or Persons by them appointed for or on Account of any Rate or Rates, Dues, Fees, Donations, or otherwise, as such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or on their Account, and of all Monies by such Churchwarden or Churchwardens disbursed or expended in the Execution of such Office, and shall deliver up all Books and Papers relating thereto to the said Governors and Directors, and shall duly pay to the said Governors and Directors, or their

Treasurer,

S755

Directors to settle future fees.

Anpllcafio*. of Fees.

Inhabitants tt> be Witncfiei.

Church afar, den. to account with Govern r» for Fees, &c. received.

3756 49° GIlORGII 111. Cap.\%A,.

Treasurc'r, all Sum and Sums of Money remaining in the Hands of such

Churchwardens after such Disbursemems or Payments thereout as afore-fa;d; and that the said Governors and Directors (lull, on the Audit of such Accounts, allow unto such Churchwarden and Churchwardens all fair and reasonable Expences in the Execution of such Office, and any B ilan- e or Balances found due by or from the said Churchwarden or Churchwardens, and every of them, shall be paid and recoverable in like Manner and with the like Forfeiture and Punishment as is by the said herein-before recited Acts or either of them declared and provided.

i XX. And whereasmnny Vaults, Graves, and Grave Stones in the said Puriffi have, from the Neglect, Poverty, or Inattention of the Person or Persons at wkofe Expence the fame were made, built or set up, or of generaiur^ ^le‘r Kmdred or Representativss, been fullered to go into great Decay, and to be in a very ruinous Condition, and oLher Vaults cr Graves may-hereafter be fullered to run into a like State of Decay, for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That in all Cases in which any Vault or Grave in the said Church Yard, or any Part thereof, shall be found in Decay, the said Governors and Directors shall cause a Notice in Writing to be affixed on the Chutch Door of the said Parish, or on the principal Gate leading into the said Church Yard, therein describing the Situation and decayed Cond'tiou of such Vault or Grave, with the Name or Names of die Person or Persons inscribed on any such Tomb or Monument as being lad interred therein, in case such Name or Names can be read, and in such Notice to require the Person or Persons claiming such Vault or Grave, or any peculiar Right thereto, in case he, flic, or they shall think fit to repair and make good the fame within Three Calendar Months from the Day such Notice shall be affixed j and in case such Vault or Grave, Vaults or Graves shall not be repaired by the Person or Persons claiming the lame within the Time in such Notice limited for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Governors and Directors to repair and make up such Vault or Vaults, Grave or Graves, so decayed, and thereupon to permit the Corpse of any other Person or Persons to be deposited or interred therein, any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Wircito-s m-y:

LXXL. Provided also. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Go-

kei°g VaiC vernors a°d Directors to compound, either by the Year or otherwise, with in repair. any Person or Persons interested in the several Vaults, Graves, or Grave Stones, or claiming so to be, for the amending and keeping the fame in Repair, and from and after any such Composition lb paid, the said Vaults, G aves, and G:ave Stones, shall be supported, amended, anu kept in Repair by the said Governors and Directors.

Te nityon

LXXII. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per-v,n. son or Peror.s shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage, jn.htsj&o. nay Tomb or Monument etefted, placed, or set up, or to be erected, placed, or set up i:i the said Church Yard, or any Rails thereto affixed, or the Rails, Doers, Gates, Walls, or Fences of or belonging to the fud Church-Yard, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, or for any One or more M i i-(Irate or Magi (I rentes of the County, City, or Place wherein such Person or Pc-rfons so offending shall reside or be, and such Justice or Justices, Mugiltrale or Magistrates, is and are hereby required, upon Oath being 7 made

Vault- or Grav s o be repaired by Cover rs,

3757

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before hi.n or them, of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons accused thereof; or it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee any such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending such Offender or Offenders, anti by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or theta, before any such Justice of the Peace for the faici County of Surrey, or to deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of any Constable or other Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before such Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as herein-after is directed; and the Person or Persons so accused being brought before any such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, or who being duly summoned to appear, shall neglect so to do, the said Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, shall and may, eithtr on the Confession of the Person or Persons so offending, or on Proof of such Offence, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convict such Offender or Offenders of the said Offence or Offences, and order or adjudge him, her, or them to forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and not less than Forty Shillings for each and every such Offence, together with the Expences and Charges of repairing and making good the Damage by him, her, or them occasioned or committed, which Expences and Charges shall be ascertained by the said Justice or Magistrate, Justices or Magistrates, in and by the said Conviction, one Moiety of the said Forfeiture to to be paid to the Informer or Infor. mers, and the other Moiety, together with the said Expeaces and Charges, to be paid to the said Governors and Directors, or their Treasurer, which last Moiety is to be by them applied for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Expences and Charges to go to the repairing and making good such Damages as shall, by such Offender or Offenders, have been occasioned or committed; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon such Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, together with the Expences and Charges so adjudged, such Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, is and are hereby required to commit such Offender and Offenders to die House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture, Expences, and Charges shall be sooner paid.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Recognizance and Recognizances entered into by any Person or Persons on any Appeal against the Rates or Assessments by this or the said recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be made, shall be delivered on Demand to the Clerk to the said Governors and Directors,.by the Justice or Justices who shall have taken the fame; and that the said Governors and Directors shall and may sue for, recover, and receive the Penalty and Penalties in any such Recognizance or Recognizances mentioned, in such and the same Manner as any Rate, Penalty, or Fine may be sued for and recovered by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, or either of them.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall steal, take, carry away, or remove any Iron Rail or Rails, or any Lead, Iron, or other Metal fastened to or in anywise belonging or appertaining to any Monument or Tomb in the said Church Yard, every Person \Loc. & Per.'] 41 U—X or

Justices of the Peace’ to deli vrt Kecoeni-ziWtfH t: the Governors.

Funiflim nt of Herson* dealing Iron Rails out the Chinch Yard.

375s 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184.

* or Per Tons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and taken to be a Felon, and subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as if convicted of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner as Persons convicted of Felony are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny; and that in all Indictments or Prosecutions for any of the Offences in this or the said recited Acts, or either of them mentioned, it shall be sufficient to lay the Thing or Things therein alledged to have been feloniously taken, to be the Property of the said Governors and Directors, or some Person or Persons unknown.

Form of Conviction.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence committed against this or the hereinbefore recited Acts, or either of them, it shall be sufficient, if the Conviction is in the Form or to the Effect following:

[\> wit. t T? E ;t remembered, That on the Day of

‘ in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

Lord, &c. A.B. is convicted before [me or us] [one or two, &c.] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of by virtue of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here Jet forth the Title of this AftJ for that he the said A.B. did on the Day of in the

Year of our Lord [here slate the Offence ] by

reason whereof [I or we] do hereby adjudge the said A.B. to have forfeited [if the Offender is to be fined] the Sum of [insert the Penalty] together with the Sum of for Costs and Charges [if any

given'] [or, if to be imprisoned, then] do adjudge the said A.B. to be committed to the [naming the Gad] for the Space of [insert the Time, and if the Commitment be for Non-payment of a Penalty, then add] unless the said Sum of shall be sooner paid. Given under [my

or our] Hand and Seal [or, Hands and Seals] the Day and Year above written.’

Governor*

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to *swsfor'tUtW anc^ ^or t^e fa>d Governors and Directors, at any General or Special Regulationr Meeting or Meetings to be held as in the said herein-before recited Acts, or one of them, is mentioned, to make, ordain, and constitute such and so many Bye-laws, Rules, and Ordinances, as to them shall seem meet and convenient for the better carrying into Execution and executing this and the said recited Acts, so far as relates to the said Governors and Directors, their Officers and Servants, and from Time to Time to alter, change, revoke, repeal, or make void the fame, as often as they the said Governors and Directors, or the major Part of them, when duly assembled, shall judge necessary and expedient, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all or any of the Governors and Directors, Officer or Officers, Clerk, or other Persons by them employed, who shall offend against the fame, not exceeding Ten Shillings for one Offence, as to the said Governors and Directors, or the major Part of them, when so assembled, shall feenl meet, such Fines and Forfeitures to be levied and re-1 covered

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 184. 3759

covered as any other Fine or Forfeiture is by this or the said herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be levied and recovered, which said Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the said Governors and Directors, or any Five of them, and shall be binding upon and be observed by the said Governors and Directors, and their Officers and Servants, so as the fame be not contrary to the Provisions and Directions in this or the said herein-before recited Acts, or to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England.

LXXVII. Provided always, That in case any such Governor or Direc- Power of for. Officer or Servant, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall con- A‘,pcl" fider himself or herself aggrieved by any such Bye-I.aw or Laws, or any Fine or Penalty inflicted on him or her by or in respect thereof, or under the Authority of this Act, then and in such Case he, she, or they shall be entitled to such and the like Appeal again!! the same as in the said former Acts is permitted to be made against any Rate or Assessment made or to be made by the said Governors and Directors, such Appellants conforming to the Dire51 ions in the said herein-before recited Acts contained, respecting Appeals against the said Rates.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons punishment shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence in any Examination, Trial, Evidence. ' * Inquiry, or other Matter or Thing to be heard or determined by virtue of this or the said herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, or where, in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, or either of them, any Oath or Affirmation is required to be taken, each and every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by Law subject or liable to.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Powers,

Articles, Clauses, Impositions, Distributions of Penalties, and Powers of Recovery thereof, and all other Matters and Things in the said hereinbefore recited Acts, or either of them, contained and prescribed, and not hereby repealed, varied, or altered, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied and extended to this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were severally and respectively again herein repeated or re-enacted.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to the obtaining or passing of this Act shall be paid by the said Governors and Directors out of the Monies in their Hands, or in the Hands of their Treasurer for the Time being, raised or to be raised foi the Purposes of this or the said recited Acts, or either of them, as soon as convenient after the passing of this Act.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and public Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Expen ‘e* of the Act to be pa d out of the Rates.

Clauses in former Acts not hereby altered extended to this Act.

The

49° GEORGII, III. Cap. 1S4.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

A Piece of Ground on the East Side of Bermondsey Street, Part of the Estate of the Trustees named in the Will of the Rev. Thomas Hambly deceased, and now held by the Governors of the Poor, under a Lease in the secondly-recited Act mentioned.

Another Piece of Ground, with the Building over the fame, belonging to the said Trustees, and now used as a Charity School, in order to continue the fame for the like Purpose.

A Piece of Ground on the South Side of the Church Yard, in the Possession of William Darnell Esquire.

A long Slip of Ground on the South Side of the said Church Yard, Part of the Estate of William Smith Esquire, in the Occupation of the said William Darnell.

Two Timber Messuages, with the Ground thereto belonging, at the East End of the said Church Yard, in the Occupation of John Philips and Daniel Law.

A Piece of Ground, with the Buildings thereon, on the North Side of Abbey Street, in the Occupation of Benjamin Critchett.

A Way or Passage over Abbey Street, from the West End to the Dwelling Home of the said Benjamin Critchett.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan> Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 185.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Moot-hall, Grand Jury Room, and certain Grounds and Buildings adjoining thereto, in the Castle Garth, within the Scite of the Old Castle of Newcastle-upon-Tyney to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland; for building Courts of Justice, and also a Gaol for the said County; and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto.

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Assizes for the County of Northumberland have, f>'r Time immemorial, been held in an ancient Building called 1The Moot-hall, which, together with the Grand Jury Room, and other Appurtenances made use of for the public Purposes of the said County, as well as the Gaol wherein the Paifoners brought from the County Gaol at M rpeth, in the same County, for Trial, are lodged during the Allizes, ar- all frtuute and Sanding in the Castle Garth, upon Part of the Scite of the OKI Castle of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and within the la-d County of Northumberland: And whereas the said Moot-hall and Grand Jury Room are mu> h out of Repair, and otherwise inconvenient for the Administration of Justice, and the Judges of Assize have repeatedly so represented the fame in their Charges to the Grand Juries and the said temporary Gaol is nol only out of Repair, but also unwholesome for the temporary Confine-[Lo(. Ss5 At.] 41 T ment

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 185.

mfnt of Prisone's: And wht-reas the Grand Jury of the County of Northumberland having taken the fame into Coufuicration, aie of Opinion that ihe moil ft' and convenient Place within such the Sfite of thr Old Ladle of Niwcastle-upon-Tyne, for bunding Courts ot Justice, Grand Jury Ro im, anti other suitable Offices thereto, and also a Gaol, will be me Siite of the said M ot-hall and present Grand Jury Room, and the Srites of clivers other Buildings, together with cera n Parcels ot Watte Ground fi uace in the Cattle Garth aforesaid, adjoining or near to the said Moot-hall and Grand Jury Room, and lying contiguous to each other, without any Property or Premises intermixing, and bounded as follow*, that is to say; on or towards the North-west by the open Parts of the Castle Garth aforetad; on or towards the South-west by a PafDge or Entry leading down to the Gaolci’s late House, and on the said Huufe; on cr towards the South-raff: determined by the Faflage leading from the Cattle S airs, to the Steps leading from the Top cf a Part of the said Watte Ground, called the Tenter Garth, towards the said Cattle Stairs j and also on or towards the S >uth-catt, and on or towards the East, North-eatt, and North, by Freehold P.operty within the Town and County of Ne'wcejlic-upon-Tyne; ard on or towaids the North and North-west, by other Fieehold Property, situate within the said Scite of the Lid Old Castle of Netsicafile-upon-Tyne, the Property of John Turner Esquire: And wheieas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seised in Fee Simple of the said Moot-hall, Grand Jury Room, Buildings, and Parcels ot Watte Ground, and of the Scitts thereof respectively: And whereas the Stones or the said Moot-hall and Grand Jury Room are of finall Value, but would be of Ui’e to the County of Northumberland, for tite Purposes aforesaid: And whereas upon the Memorial of the Right Honourable Hugh Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, Foreman of the Grand Jury of the said County Oi Northumberland, H s Majesty has bfen graciously pleased-to lignity His Royal Will and Pleasure, that lo far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, the said Moot-ha 1 and Grand Jury Room, together with the other Buildings and Parcels of Watte Ground aforesaid, and bounded as before-mentioned, should be absolutely vetted in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for thr Time being, acting in and for the said County of Northumberland, for the Purpose of pulling down the fame Moot-hall, Grand Jury Room, and oth r Buildings, and creating proper and convenient Courts cf Justice, with a G'Ufld Jury Room, and other suitable Offices} and also a Gaol for the Confinement of Prisoners brought from the County Gaol of Morpeth aforesaid, for Trial, and for such other necessary Pubi c Buildings and Pu'p (es as the said Justices for the Time being, or the major Part of them, at the G nrra! Quaner Ss (lions of the Peace to be hoi den for the salt! County of N1 thumberland, or at any Adjournment thereof, respectively shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint: And whereas it is exp dirnt that the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Nor-thumb.rla!:d,the,wd be empowered todefray the Expence of building, erect-in-*, dnd turni ring such Courts of Justice, G and J.ry Room, and other Finable C fH es thereto, with a Gaol, and Gaolct’s or Keeper’s House, and of purr haling such ether Lands, Tenements, ai d H r-ditaments ad-joi ing to the a ove deic died Premdes, as miy he ncceiLry for such Pur-p fes, determined by an equal Haro Afiettmei too a! M.(lunges, Lands, Tenemen s. Tithes, Mines, and H red taments rtcable to the Relief of the Poor, in any Pmish, Township, or Piace svirhin the said County of Northumberland, in Manner herein-after-mentioned; but as such Purposes cannot be effected

without

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 185.

3767

without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pler.fe Your Majesty, that ic may be enatttd; and be it cnatted by the King’s most Excellent Msjrfty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-litual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the p: fling of this Moot-hall. Att, the said Mooc-hdl, Grand Jury Room, and other'the Buildings and Parcels ot Waste Ground, described and bounded as herein-before fee forth, ve!t;d m ihe and che S:ones of the said Moot-hail and Grand Jury Room, so far as His Majesty's Interests are concerned therein, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby granced and confirmed unto, and shall be veftsd for ever in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time bring, atting in and ior the said County of Northumberland> freed and absolutely dilciurged from all Claim, Right, and Title of His Majesty, in Right of His Ciown, His Heirs and Successors.

II. And be it further emitted, by the Authority aforesaid, That at the next Judies to General Quarter Sessions to be held for the said County of Northumberland) make 0;'rier,• alter the parting of this Att, or any Adjournment thereof, and afterwards ac ary subsequent General Quarter bessions for the said County, or

any Adjournments thereof, or ac any Special Sessions held by the Julfites of the Peace for the said County, it shall and may be lawful to and for the J"flices of the Peace for the said County, assembled ac any such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Adjournments thereof, or Special Sessions respectively, and they are her.by authorized and empowered, from Time to Tune, to make such Order or Orders, and to contratt with such Persons as they shall think proper, for pulling down the said Moot-hall,

Grand Jury Room, and other B.ildings (landing and being upon the Pirrels of Ground hereby granted to, and vtfteJ in, the said Justices, and f. r cle ring the Ground thereof, and for the e etting a new Moot-hall or Shire-hall, or propir and convenient Courts of Justice, with a Grand Jury R tom, and other suitable Offices thereto, and a Gaol fjr the Confinement md fate Cullorly of Prisoners brought from the County Gaol at Morpeth aforesaid, for Trial at the Assizes, from Time to Time, to be hclu for the said County of Northumberland, and all other suitable Offices and Aciommodations for the lame respectively on the Lands and Grounds hereby verted in them, or to be purchased by or to be given in Exchange to them, in pursuance of this Att, for the more convenient holding the said Assizes, and for other public Purposes of the said County, and for the completely fin.shing and furnishing the fame, as to them the said Juf-tn.es, or the major Parr of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time appear expedient and necessary.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, ac any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to beheld lor the said County, or at any Aiijournment thereof, or the major Part of them the-n and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered fr‘>m Time to Time to treat, contratt, aftd ag-ee with the Owners ai d O curie-s of, and all other Persons interested in, any Messuages,

Batld 'igs, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament?, with their Appurtenants, liuate, lying, and being adjoining or near to the Linds and Ground-, granted to and vested in the said Justices by this Att, which lurh Person or Per ns may be wi ling to diipole of, and which they the

jid Justices or the major Part of th m Jo assembled as aforesaid, shall judge

Justices n> {jure hare Buildings, e c. for the J-uipole, of tins Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 185.

judge to be proper and neceflhry for any of the Purposes of this Act, or for the more easy, open, and convenient Aypoach to the said Moot-hall, Shire-hall, or Courts of Justice, and other Buildings to be erected in pursuance of this Act, and by and out of the Monirs to be received as herein-alterdi reeled and mentioned for that Purpose, either to pay or cause to be paid for the Purchase of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid, and the said Justices or the major Part of them, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase as aforesaid, and the respective Conveyances in respect thereof.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained final 1 extend to enable the said Just ices to make the new Srreet unier"' etcdth 'nten^ec* to *eac^ from tile End of Bailey Gate to the open Part of the " ’* e CaKle Garth aforesaid, agreed to be opened by the said John Turner, under a Contract tntrrtd into between him and the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, on the Ninth Day of September lad pad, more than Twenty-five Feet Wide, without the Consent of the said John Turner, his Heirs or Adigns, in Writing for that Purpose fird obtained, or unless if the said JJn Turner, his Heirs or Alligns lh..li require ir, ihe laid Justices shall, for the Purpose of widening the said Street, purchase the Whole of arty Messuages, Buildings, or Pieces or Parcels of W de Ground adjoining or lying near to the said Street, and not lo much thereof only as the said Justices may deem sufficient for the Purpose of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall be conltiued to ab.idge, defeat, or afreftihe said Conti aft so entered into as aforesaid, any further or other*ile than is herein-before particularly expressed, but that the fame shall be obstrved and performed as well by or on the Part of the said Justices, as by and on the Part of the said John Turner, his Heirs and Assigns, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

Power to ex- V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices at any General or Charter Seldom of the Peace 10 be held for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, or the major Part of them then and there adept bled, and they are hereby author zed and empowered to contract and agree with the Owners and Occupies of, and all other Pe suns interested in, any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with their Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being adjoining or near to the Lands and Grounds granted to and Veiled in the fad Just res by this Act, and who may be willing to enter into any such Contrast or Agreement, and which they the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall judge to be pro-p r and ueaffiy for any of the Purposes of this Act, or ior the more easy, open, an I convenient Approach to the said Moot-hail, Shire-hall, or C< urts of Justice, and other Buildings to be erected in pursuance of this Act, and to give in exchange for such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hete-ltam- nts, fi uate, lying, and being adjoining or near to the Lam s and Grounds hereby vested in the said Justice.*, such fair arid proportionable Part of such last-mentioned Lands and Grounds as they may think unnecdT ry for the Purposes of this Act, in order to fa e as much as pcffiOlc the Affcflmems to be made as herein-after mentioned.

;763

N-iw Street not to rxcied Twenty five

8

49' GEORGII III. Cap. x 85. 376 9

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Justices may for the said Justices of the Peace, at any General (Quarter Sessions of the

Peace or at any Adjournment thereof, or the major Par: of them then and there assembled, to sell and dispose of all or ary Part or Parts of the Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments vetted in them by this Act, or which may have been purchased or received in Exchange by them in pursuance of this Act, as shall in the Judgement of the said Justices not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and any Three or more of such Justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to convey the Premises so fold and dispoied of, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, by Indentures or Indenture under their Hands and Seals, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, wirhin Six Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money anfing by or from the Sale or Sales of such Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Parcel or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy, to sign and give Receipts for such Purchase-tnoney, and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Losses, Misapplication, or Non«appl>cation of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the Sale of ail or any Part of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be applied and dispoied of by the said Justices towards paying and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of carrying the several Purposes of tutl0a-this Act into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Stones, Bricks, Timber* Material' for lion, Lead, and other Materials for building and erecting the said Moot- ®f°_urt hall, Shire-hall, or Courts of Justice, Grand Jury Room, and other suit- e<i in the Juf-able Office', Gaol, and all other necessary Buildings and other Conveni- tics‘ ences, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and all Furniture,

Articles, Matters, and Things used in and about the fame respectively,

bought, procured, or supplied by the Order of the said Justices in their General Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or of the major Part of them then and there assembled, or bought, procured, or supplied by the Order of any Person or Persons whomsoever, acting by or under the Authority of such Justices for such Purposes as aforesaid, or any of them, shall belong to and be the Property of, an the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, for the Time being, and it shall be lawful for the said Justices to bting, or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of the Treasurer of the said County of Northumberland, for the Time being, or direct the preftriing of any Bill or Bills or Indictment (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall ileal, Ipoil, injure, or dtllroy, the said Moot-hall, Shire-hall, or Court Houses, Grand Jury Room, Gaol, Buildings, and other Conveniences, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall steal, take, carry away, fpcil, injure, or destroy the Stones, Bricks, Timber, Iron, Lead, Furniture, MatcrialsjArticles, Matters, and Things hereby vested in them, the said Justices of the Peace of the said County of Northumberland, for the Time being as aforesaid or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Action-[Loc. & Per.J 41 Z and

Mcney to be

‘applied in carrying this Act it.to Exe-

37f

4-9* GEORGII III. CapA85.

and Bills of Indictment it shall be, and bedcemed and taken tobe sufficient to state generally that the said Moot-hall, Shire-h.ill, or Courts of Just.ce. Grand Jury Room, and other suitable Offices and Buddings, Gaol, Stones, Bricks, Iron, Leal, Furniture, Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Acltons shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property " of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland" without particularly dating or specifying the Name or Names of ail or any of the said Justices.

Veiling the

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Moot-hall, »n°Sie ti?dft* Shire-hall, Court Houses, Grand Jury Room, Offices, Gaol, and Buildings, ■justicea. so to be provided or erect-d as aforesaid, and the Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, by this Act vested in the said Justices, or which may have been so purchased or received in Exchange by them as aforesaid, and every Matter or Thing appertaining or in anywise relating thereto, or to any of them, shall at all Times be deemed, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland for the Time being, upon the Trust, and to the End, Inrent, and Purpose that the said Justicts shall, and do from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly allow, permit, and suffer the Affixes, Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and all other Court* and Meetings to be held for the public Administration of Justice, or for transacting the public Affairs and Business of the said County of Northumberland, to be hidden and kept in the said Mox-hall, Shire-hall, or Courts of Justice, Grand Jury Room, and other Buildings, and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also allow, permit, and suffer the same to be had, used and enjoyed for all such other public Ufts and Purposes as the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, or the major Part of them, at their Gene.al Quarter S.lfions of the Peace, shall from Time to Time direct, order, or appo nr, with iree Lioerty for all Persons w hom it shall or may concern, to act and officiate in and to resort and attend upon the said Courts and Meetings, as they shall have occasion or think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Moo'-hall, Shire-hall, Court Houses, G and Jury Room, Offices, Gao!, and Buildings, so to be provided and erected as aforesaid, and also such open Space of Ground as shall or may be laid out and attached thereto as a Court Yard, and bounded a* before-mentioned, shall from and immediately after the same shall bi fi erected and laid out, ttfprctively be, and b- deemed to be, withm and Fanil of the said County of Northumberland to all In-ten s and Parpiifes wh ,t oever, and that all and every other Part and Parts of he said Cftlle Garth and Scire of the said Old Castle of New-caJll-upcn-Tyne, (h*li Ir m thenceforth be deemed and taken to be with* in and Parctl of the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to 11 I t n,s and Purpufcs whatsoever; any Law, Ufige, Custom, or Grant whasoever to the contrary in anyw.f notwithstanding.

Cods of ‘his Act, n:1 of exe^utin^ ibe fame.

XL An! whereas the Payment of the Expences of the passing of this A> t and 1 arrv i >g the Purposes of the lame into Execution, y and out of the Pub'it S 1 ck or Piffihc Rates'ff the said-Caunty of Northumberland, w >ul p i.icipaiiy fill u, on an I be m de by the Occupiers ot M Adages, M .1 Linds, Te enen s, an i II rsditamems within the same County, who have 1,0 permanent lntcieft in the Effects of this Actj b". it therefore

further

377*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 185.

further enacted, That for the Purpose of paying and defraying of all the Expences, Costs, and Charges of applying for and passing this Act, and attending the erefting and building such new Moot-hall, Shire-hall, Courts of Justice, Grand Jury Room, and other Oiiices, Gaol, and other necessary Erections, and the purchasing, providing, and furnishing of the lame, and all other incidental Expences in the effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the Paid County of Northumberland, or the major Part of them, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden after the passing of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, and afterwards from Time to Time, at every or any subsequenc General

_ r> r 1 , ' c 1 lr ‘ r m k< Order*

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at nny Adjournment or the lame, rdpec- at Sessionsor lively and as often as they shall think expedient; and they are hereby au- Adjournment, thorized and empowered to make an Order or Orders for the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Northumberland, to meet within the several Wards and Divisions of the said Counry for which they respectively a’ft, and any Two or more Justices assemb'.ed at any such Meeting shall issue their Precepts under their respective Hands and Seals, to all and every the Overseers of the Poor, as well within Boroughs or Franchises as otherwise, within such their respective Wards and Divisions, thereby commanding them to attend at a Day and Place or Days and Places, to be limited and appointed for that Purpose by such Precepts, and before the then next General Quarter Sclfi ins to he holden in and for the said County of Northumberland, and to produce to the Justices or Justice, then and there present, the several Rates and Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor wirlsin the several Pantiles, Townships, and Places in the said County of Northumberland, maintaining their own Poor, for which such Overseers respectively ait and are appointed, and in case such Justices or Justice upon Examination of such Rates and Assesstnenrs shall be of Opinion that the lame are fair and equal, then the said Justices or Justice are and is hereby required to certify under their or his Hands or Hand, the gross Amounc of the respective Sums cn which the said Poods Rates are made and affVffed in each Division of the Ward, in the said County of Northumberland, for which such Justices or Justice respectively act or acts, to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the same County, to the Intent that at such next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, or at some subsequent Ge-. nferal Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof respectively, the Justices a!-sembled at any such General Quar.er Sessions, or A journment, mry from Time to Time and as ofeen as they shall deem it necessary, and they are here, by authorized and empowered to make a Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon all and every the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Mines, or other Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, ig and throughout the said County of Northumberland, rared or liable to be rated to the respectivePoor’s Rafos in the said County of Northumberland, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding at any one Time the Sum of Two-pence in the Pound, of the fcvrral ariqpal Valufs at which such Messuages, Mills, Lands,

Tythes, Mints, prother TuBepients and Hereditaments, are at the Time respectively ratea and afieffed to the Poor’s Rates in the respective Parishes, Townships,.or Place,! within which they arc respectively fuuate; and, for that Pur^oip, it lhaty and nyay be lawful for, and they the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to order Warrants to be, from Time to Time issued, in the fame Mar.ner as now practised for collect-

ing

3772

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 185.

ing the County Rates, to the several High Constables within the same County of Northumberland, ordering and requiring them to issue their Warrants to the respective Overseers of the Poor, within their respective Divisions, to levy and collect, and pay to the High Constables, within a Time to be named and limited in the Warrants to be iffiaed from the Sefc fions as aforesaid, all such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Aff Aments; which Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, each High Constable shall, and he is hereby diiefted and required to pay, before the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said County of Northumberland; and in case any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, liable to pay the fame, shall neglect or refuse to make Payment thereof, within the Time to be speciried and limited for that Purpose as aforesaid, to the High Constable of the Division within which such Overseer or Overseers, so liable and neglecting to pay as aforesaid, shall live, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, upon Complaint thereof made by any such High Constable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, not only in the County of Northumberland but in any other County, Town, Borough, Franchise or Place, (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the fame being, in such last-mentioned Cafe, firIt conntersigned by some Justice of the Peace for the County, or Mayor, or other Head Officer of the Town, Borough, or Franchise where any Goods of the respective Offenders shall be found), returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, shall be paid to the Owner or Owners of the Goods so distrained and fold; and the Overseers and Overlter of every Parish, Township, or Place maintaining its own Poor withirt the said County of Northumberland, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and raise, determined by an equal Rate or Affiffment upon all and every the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Mines, Tenements, and Hereditaments, rateable to the Relief of the Poor, within their respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be required and necessiry, in order to raise the several Sums assessed or imposed upon such I’arifhcs, Townships, or Places respectively, or to reimburse fu«.h Overseers or Overseer such Sum or Sums as they shall respectively have paid on Accrunt tf the fame, such Rate or Assessment to he paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time bring, of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Mines, Tenements, and Hereditaments, rerptftively: P ovidtd always, that every Tenant or Occupier, paying such Rate as aforesaid, may deduct and retain, out of the Rent payable to his Land’ord for the Premises in respect of which such Rate is payable, the full Amou11 oi Two-Third Parts of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so paid, it being the Intent and Meaning or this Act ihat Two-thirds of loch Ra'e shall be borne by the Landlord, and the remaining One-third only by the Tenant; and every Landlord and Owner of such Messuages, Mills, Land, Tythes, Mines, Trnemert-, and Hereditaments shall, and are hereby required to allow and make such respective Deductions and Payments accordingly; and eveTy such Tenant paying, or having levied upon h m or her, such Part of the (..id Rates or Assessments as are herein-before directed to be borne by the Landlord, shall be, and is hereby acquitted and discharged of n ! fr >m so much Mo ey as the same shall amount unto, as f lv and eiiecti ally ..s f the fame had been actually paid to any such Lat.dio d or Landlords, in Part of the Rent due from such 9 Tenant j

$773

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 185.

Tenant •, and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money rated or afiefled upon him, her or them, by virtue of this Act, fyr or in Respect of the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Mines, Tenements, and Hereditaments occupied by him, her, or them a ato esaid, it (Hall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Overseer or Overseers by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the lame by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, not only in the County of JSorthumberlatid, but in any other County (the Warrant or Warrants for recovering anti levying the fame, in such last-mentioned Cafe, b ing fiift countersigned by some Justice of the Peace for the County where any Goods or Chattels of the respective Person or Persons shall be found), returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate and the Charges of the Distress and Sale shall bt paid, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods lo distiamed and fold.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cales and Places within the said County of Northumberland, where there are no Overfetrs of the Poor, or where the Justices of the said County of Northumberland, assembled for the Purpose of receiving such Returns from the said Overseers of the Rates and Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor within the levtral Parishts, Townships, and Places as aforesaid, shall beof Opinion that the Rates or Assessments produced to them, at their respective Meetings, are not fair and equal Rates and Affffments, it shall a 1. may be lawful to and for, and they the said Justices or Justice of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, assembled at such their respectiue Meetings, are hereby authorized and required to summon bc-foie them any Two or more of the respectable Inhabitants of such Places respectively, fur which there arc ho Overseers of the Poor, or where any of the M-linages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, Mines, and Hereditament-- I •able to the Poor’s Rates are not afirffrd, cr in their Opinion are nor equally ff ff d, and then and there examine such Inhabitants relpecv lively on Oath, (whkh Oath any One or more of such last mentioned Justices are hereby authorized to administer), as to the annual Values of such the respective Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, Mines, and Hereditaments, liable to the Poor’s Rates, and thereupon to ascertain the Sums on which ihe Rate or Rates, Assessmenc or Assessments to be made in putfu. nee of this Act, shall be levied and collected.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if in the County of Northum• lerletnd there be any Extra-parochial, peculiar, or other Places in which nn OveTrers of the Poor or other Officer necessary for the executing of the Prov floi ,s of this Act, and in which there ate any Messuages, Mills, L>nds, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, or Hereditaments, liable to the Poor’s Rare;*, but not raced or assessed thereto, it shall and-may be lawful for the U d Justicas, of the Peace of the said County of Northumberland, residentin eradligg for the Division of the said County in which such Extra-paiochial, pec,ui *r, or other Place? are fuuate, at any Petty Sessions, to be hulceo oy them wuhin such Division as aforesaid, and they are hereby auth' nzed and required to appoint One or more proper Person or Persons in the Nature of and to act as Overseer or Overseers, or other such Officer as jforriaid, within and for such Extra-parochial, peculiar, or other Places respectively, for effedluaiing the Purposes- of this Act, and such f J,ccr, & Ptr, j 4.2 A Person

Power Justices, where no Overseers, or where Rates are unequal, to summon an<} examine on Oath,

Power for the Justices to appoint Person* to ail a* Overseers,

See. in Exira-parochial, peculiar or ether Places.

3774

Tre'fti'er to keep separate Account*.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.'r'85.

Person and Persons respectively, shall have the like Powers vetted in hi or them, for effrduating all such Purposes as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if he or they had been appointed Ovtrfeer or Overseers of the Poor, or other Officer, under any of the existtng Statute Laws.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer for the T me being of the said County of Northumberland, shall keep a separ.ue and distinct Account as well of all Sums of Money which he shall receive, or shall be paid to him, as of all Money which he shall be directed to and shall pay under the Provisions of this Act, which Account shall be open and ready to be impeded at all reasonable Times by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, or any of them, and futh Treasurer shall attend at every General Quarter Sessions, and lay such Account before the Justices then and (here assembled, in order the better to be informed of the Money wanted and necessary to be rated, aflffled, and collected, for the Purposes of this Act.

XV. And whereas, a large ruinous Building, situate at Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, belonging or appertaining to the House of Correction there, though distinct and at a Diliance from such House of Correction is the Property of the said County of Northumberland, but of no public Utility j but it would be beneficial to the County of Northumberland, if the fame were fold and disposed of, and the Money arising from the Sale (hereof applied towards the Purposes aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice* of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, or the major Part of them, then and there assembled, to sell and dispose of the said large ruinous Building, at Morpeth aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and any Three or more of lusn Juf-ticcs shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to convey the fame, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, in such Manner and by such Indenture or Indentures, as herein-before directed for the Conveyance of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which the said Justices are herein-brfore by this Act authorized or empowered to sell and dispose of, and the Monies arising from the Sale of the said large ruinous Building, at Morpeth aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Justices, towarc* pacing and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XVI. And whereas, there may not be sufficient Time between the pulling down of the present Moot-hail, (where the Assizes for the County of Nor dumber land have been held), and the present Grand Jury Room, and the then next Assizes for the said County of Northumberland, for the comf l.ting proper Courts of Justice for holding such Assizes, and for a Gaol to confine the Prisoners brought for Trial from the bounty Gaol at Morpeth, during such Assizes; be it therefore further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the said County of Northumberland, shall and may, by, forth, andout of the Sums of Money tobe collected and received, under and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, find and provide a good and sufficient Hall, or Place within the Town and County of NtwcaJlle-upon-Tyne, for holding the Assizes of the fad County of Nor-

10 thun.btrland,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. iSs. Z77 5

thumberland, and a proper and secure Place within the same Town and County, for confining the Prisoners brought from Morpeth aforesaid for Trial, during such Assizes, umil the Courts of Justice, Gaol, and other Offices andiBuildings to be erected for the said County of Northumberland, under and by virtue of the Authority of this Act, are completed and furnished, and that all Actions, Suits, Indictments, Civil and Criminal, and all Trials whatsoever, lo tried for the County of Northumberland, in and within the said Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, shall be deemed to be at the Castle of Newcastle-upon-Tyne in the said County of Northumberland, and the Assize Precepts and other Process issued for holding the Assizes, shall be in the fame Form as heretofore, for the Parties to appear at the Castle of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, in the County of Northumberland, notwithstanding the Assizes, causes Civil and Ctiminal, and all Matters which ought to have been executed and performed at such the Castle of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, in the County of Northumberland, shall be executed and done within the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, for the Reasons herein-before mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power to ap-nd for the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Northumberland,

acting in and for Castle Ward in the said County, and they are hereby Garth, authorized and en powered from Time to Time to select and appoint from among the Inhabitants resident within the Castle Garth aforesaid, and within the Scite of the said Old Castle of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, a proper Person to act from Time to Time as Constable within and for the PrecinCb of tha Part of the said Castle Garth and Scite of the said Old Castle of Niwcastle-upon-Tyne, which is by this Act declared to be within the said Cou ity of Northumberland, for the better Preservation of the Peace and Protection of the Property within the same Precincts:

Provided always, that no Person redding within that Part of the said Castle Garth and Scite of the said Old'Castle which is by this Act declared to be within the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne,

shall be compelled or compellable io take upon himself such Office of Constable as aforesaid, unless he shall voluntarily consent to do so: Provided also, that every such Person as aforesaid, who shall upon his own voluntary Consent be duly (worn to execute the said Office of Constable within the Precincts aforesaid, shall thenceforth be compellable to execute such Office for and during the Period for which he shall have been so appointed and Iwoin to execute the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Execu- Op-

tion of Justice in certain Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the cdmmdi m * Sheriff for the Time being of the County of Northumberland, and he is ^1ne^1^h’ he’eby authorized and em,>oweied at any Time when he shall be so di- ^er'd by the rested by His Majesty's Judges of Assize to erect a Gallows or other pro- Judges.

per Erection, in or upon any open Space of Ground within thac Part of the Castle G.rth aforesaid, which is by this Act declared to be within and Parcel of the f ud County of Northumberland, and there to execute the Sentence of the Law upon am Crtounal or Criminals tried, and convicted, and fen'erced to Death, at any Assizes held for the said County of Northumberland.

Treasurer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to HgiiConih-•and for the Lid Justices of the Peace of the Lid County of Northumber-

land, cxlr» Trouble

£77$ 4-9* GEORGII III. Cap. 185.

land, from Tima 19 Time assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of rl.e I’e.ce, during the executing of the Provisions of this Act, to order from, by, and out of the Monies to be collected and received under the Pr vifuuis of this Ad, such Sum and Sums of Money to the Treasurer, High Const^ble', and other the Officers and Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, as tliev shall think reasonably Efficient for the exua T1 enable such TieaJurer, High Constable, and other Officers and Persons, may have had therein,

Mon?y re-

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when all and •V, V f"nr'athe every furppfes of this Act shall, in the Opinion of the Justices of H»n".'«afi«r the Peace of the said County of Northumberland, assembled at any General the Purp.ae. Quarter Sessions of the Peace, f-r the same County, have been executed, eompieio.'r' pe formed, and fully compjeated, and shall by fume Order to be entered toicppi e the Sessions Buok^ at any such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace County Rai'e*. f,r the said County of Northumberland, or any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, so declare, then and thenceforth, the Operation of this Act, f> tar only as regards the rating, assessing, and collecting Money for the Purposes of this Act, shall end and be no longer in Force; and if at that Time »nv Money shall remain (,fter all Expences incurred have been fully paid and satisfied) in the Hands of the then Treasurer, paid to and received by him under the Authority of this Act, then such Balance shall by him be carried to the Credit of tfle said County, of Northumberland, and be ap. piled in ease anti aid of the County Rate.

New Moot- '

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when *he said new Moot-hall, baij, Shire- Shire-hall, or Courts of J.ustice, Grand July Room, and ochei Offices, «pairedr be Gaol, and other necessary Erections, shall be built, fitted up with proper when built. Accommodations, and finished, the fame Hiall be for ever after repaired, cmatyKate. lopp-nted, maintained, provided with proper Acc mmodatiuns and n-fared from Eire, as Occasion shall require, at the Expence and Charge of the said County of Northumberland, by the Older of the Justices of the Peace for the said County from Time to Time, by and out of the Monies to be raised by the General Rate and Afllffment which, for the Time being, shall be made, act IT d, and levied, in and upon the l.jd Coun * by force of th Statute of the Twtlfihof George the Second, intitu eu. An Act for the more easy affffing, collecting, and levying of County Rates, in the lame Manntr as ihe laid A.ct appoints in respect to Public Buildings of Counties in general.

Tudices mar

XXII. And be it further ensded, That-the said Justices of the peace me in the for the T.me being, may sue a id be futd in, any Court or Courts of Law 0*7x011?* or (or or *n re(R?ft of any Claim, Contract, or other Matter or

Pcate.° Thing made or done by them, or any of them, under the Authority of fins Ad, or hror in lefpcd of any Nuis.nce, Encruai hment, or Trespass, made, done, or committed, by any Perf in or Persons whomsoever, in or upon the said Moot-hall, Sfiite-huil, or Courts of Justice, Grand Jury Room, Gaol, Buildings, and Ap,pursuances theieunto belonging, or any of them, 00 in or upon any Pait or Parts thereof respectively, or in or upon the L.n.ds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, hereby veiled in or to be puichaled by, or given in Exchange, to the said Justices, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof respectively, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or hi? Deputy, for the Time being;

atjd

3777

490 OGEORGII III. Cap. 185.

and in the commencing, prosecuting, carrying on, and defending all such Actions or Suits, such Moot-hall, Shire-hall, or Courts of Justice, Grand Jury Room, Gaol, Buildings, Appurtenances, Land:', Tenements, and Hereditaments, Hull be deemed and considered in Law to be, and Ih.ill be defcrribed to be, in the Possession of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, to all Intents anJ Purposes whatsoever; and no such Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Justices, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace or Ivs Deputy, or by any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for the Time being, done without the Consent of the said Justices of the Peace for the Time being, but that such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for the Time being, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit: Provided always, that every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for the Time being, shall always be, from Time to Time, forthwith, by order of the said Justices in Sessions assembled, or the major Part of them, reimbursed and paid by the Treasurer of the said County, out of the Public Stock and County Rates of the said County, all such Colts, Charges, and Expences as he or they shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all and every such Action and Actions, Suit and Suits to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Pufons whofuever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by Reason of his, her, or their paying or contributing towards the Public Stock of the said County, or by Reason of his, her, or their being being cha ged with or liable to pay or paying any of the Rates or Assessments to be made for paying the Cods, Charges, and Expences incurred or to be incurrrd by or in executing the Provisions of this Act.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against: any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or less at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Ten Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, ligned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficienc Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender (bail have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fir, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of

[Lee. fc? Per.] 42 B this

Persons pay. ingCf’iinty Rite, o; Rates unthr this A;l, not to be tti('qualified from giving Evidence*

Plaintiff not to recover if sufficieut Amends offered*

Limitations of Actions.

3778

Ofts of the

a a.

Public A cl.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. iSs.

this Act, after Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen, and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Northumberland, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead, at hi', her, or their Election, specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be h id thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall, appear to have been so done, or that i'uch Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Ten Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficienc Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought and laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cases the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cales where a Verdict shall be found fi r any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the fume as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act shall in the first Place, be paid and discharged by the Treasurer of the said County, by the Order of the Justices of the Peace of the said County at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or the major Part of them then and there assembled, out of the County Stock, or Money to be from Time to Time raised and levied by the County Rates within the said County, and afterwards the Sum so taken by and out of the County Rate shall be repaid by and out of the Monies to be raised, affefitd, and collected under the Provisions of this Act,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 186.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road, from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey. {^19 th. June 1809.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a broad and commodious Communication between the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, from near Saint George's Church in the said Borough, to near the Bricklayers' Arms Public House in the Kent Road, in the Lid County of Surrey, would be attended with great Advantage, not only to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Places adjacent, but likewise to all Persons passing and repairing between the said Borough and the said Kent Road, and to the Public in general, in as muci as the only immediate Communication at present existing between the said Borough of Southwark and the said Kent Road ajong Church Street in the said Borough as far as the Corner of Kent Street, and along Kent Street to the Bricklayers' Arms Public House aforesaid, is extremely narrow and inconvenient, and in many Parts dangerous and unsafe for Passengers:

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,; nd by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Alexander, Manade Allington Clerk, Benjamin Brecknell, Abra- Trsttea«. ham Bell, Major-General Thomas Baker, William Cox, William Chalklen,

Chaff el, George Davies, Solomon Davies, George Dodd, Christopher \Loc. its Per J 42 C Dun km,

3/82 49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 186.

Dunkin, Thomas Dixon, James Fairlie, Richard Fishwick, Matthew Ful-•wood, James Gosling, Ambrose Gojling, William Gifford, John Hatton, Thomas Hatton, William Haggard, Thomas Hughes, John H. Haggard, Joseph Hill, William Jennings, John Lee, Charles Lavender, John Mac-intofh, F. Manning, Nathaniel Muggeridge, Henry Newton, William Newman, George Paryi, ljaat Parry, David Pollock, Joseph Pick/ington, James Alexander Randall, Valentine Rutter, Thomas Allen Shuter, James Lumden Shireff, Thomas Saunders, Mcffey Stackpoole, Stockwell,

William Starkey, Samuel Taylor, S. P. Thomas, Abraham Walker, John Williams, William Henry White, William George Williams, Wall,

John Way, John Adolphus Young, and Walter Young, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matters, and Things by this Act given to or airested to be done and executed by or before the said Trustees, may be done and executed by or before any Five or more of them, (except only where fonie other Number shall be appointed by this Act); and all Matters and 't hings so done and executed shall be of the fame Force and Efleft, in all Respefls whatsoever, as if the said Matters and Things were and had been done by all the Trustees appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

Sc?

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of being elected or of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Aftwhilft he holds any Place of Profit under this Act; nor in any particular Cafe wherein he shall be in that Instance personally interested, otherwise than as a Creditor, nor unless he shall at the Time of acting be seised or ’ possessed in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Possession or Receipc of the Kents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate in the said County of Surrey, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes (or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person having fuqh Estate of the clear yeady Value of One hundred Pounds) Or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds; nor unless he thall at the Time of act-: ing be a Subscriber to the Amount of Five hundred Pounds at the least, for and towards the Purposes of this Act; or shall in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife be possessed of and entitled unto the Sum of Five hundred Pounds at least, secured on the Monies raised or to be raised by virtue of this Act, and in the actual Receipt of thelnterest and Dividends thereof; nor (excepttin administtringjthe Oath or Affirmati n following) until he (not being such Heir Appatent) shall have taken aid subscribed th- Oath or Affirmation hereafter mentioned befure any Five or more of the said Trustees appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (that is to say),

Oallr t do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do so-

‘ lemniy afiirrrH, 'that Iain tru'.y and bona fide in-my own Right [or,

‘ in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may le~] in the actual Pcfkfliou or

* Enjoyment and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, *• or Hereditaments situate in the County of Surrey, of the clear yearly

* Value of Fifty Pounds, above Repiizes [or, I am possessed of or entitled ‘ to a Personal 1 state of the Value of One thousand Pounds, [as the Case

* my beJ and that I am a Subicriber to the full Amount oi Five hundred

* founds.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i$6. 3783

* Pounds, for and toward? the Purposes of an Act: passed in the Forty-

* ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, mti-‘ tuled [here set forth the Title of this sift] [or, that 1 am truly and bona fide ‘ in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, [as the Case may be!

* possessed of and entitled to the full Sum of Five hundred Pounds, secured

* on the Monies raised and to be raised by virtue of an Act, &c. [as the

* Case may be.~\ * So help me GOD’.

And if any Person not being so qualified, or not having taken the said Oath or Affirmation, shall presume to act in the Trust aforesaid (except in administering the said Oath or Affirmation) every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Cods of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at P, Vcjbninficr, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death, Refusal, New Trustet* Neglect, Incapacity, want of Qualification, Disability to act, or Disquali-

fication of any of the Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors as herein-after mentioned, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, within One Month after such Vacancy shall occur, or as soon after as may be convenient, from Time to Time to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of every Trustee so dying, or refusing, or being incapable or unqualified, or becoming disqualified to act as aforesaid. Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election having beert given by the Clerk to the said Trustees in Two or more public Newspapers circulated in the said County of Surrey, at leaf! Fourteen Days before every such Meeting; and that every such new Trustee so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid shall be and is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample Manner as the Trustees herein before nominated are hereby empowered to act: Provided always, that in every Cafe the Non-attendance of any Trustee for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months shall be taken and deemed to be a Refusal to act j and that the felling, transferring, or parting with his Subscription to or Share in the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, by any Trustee, so that he shall ceale to be possessed of Five hundred Pounds at the least secured on the Monies to be raised by this Act, shall be taken and deemed to be a Disqualification of such Trustee to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. IV.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet M-etingj and together at The London Tavern in Bishopsgate Street, within Fourteen Days °rr*uf next after the passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as conveniently

may be, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then and from Time to time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet at such Time, and at such Place, upon or near the said Road, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that the said Trustees shall at all their Meetings defray

their Meetings on Emergencies.

Trustees may

fne and be Sued in the ames of their Clerk or Treasurer,

Trustees may snake Road.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

their own Expences; and that the Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings lo be he d in pursuance of this Act. and not otherwifr (except as herein-after specially mentioned); and that no Order or Determination shall be made Hiileb the major Part of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and that all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the-Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees (except only in such Cases where they flia.ll be personally interested, or as are herein-after excepted); and that in all Cases where the said 1 rustees, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are authorised to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer such Oath: Provided always, that no Order made by Five or more Trustees shall be revoked or altered unless Seven Trustees shall be present, and the major Part of them shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration.

V. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon receiving an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of the Acting Trustees, although not assembled at any Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time and Piace which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being Ids than Ten Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer; and that no Action or Prosecution to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by any Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, but the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action (as the Case shall be): Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall he commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and also the Costs and Charges of prosecutirtg any Iudidment or Indidqn.ents, or other Proceedings whatsoever, wh ch shall or may be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons whomsoever by the Order of the said Trustees.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, shall and may and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered,

8 within

27SS

49‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

within Three Years from the passing of this Act, to make, repair, improve, maintain, and keep in Repair a convenient Road or Carriage Wayr to be called Great Lever Street, the South Entrance thereof to commence on the Welt Side thereof, at Pretnifes belonging to John Rolls Esquire, in the Occupation of Mellieurs Davidson and Son, from the South-Ealt Angle thereof, and cutting therein Five Feet Weltward at the North-End thereof, extending thence to the South-East Angle of certain Ground belonging to John Bland Esquire; the Ealt Side of the said Entrance is to commence opposite the Point last mentioned at Sixty Feet Square Width, from thence the East Side of the said Road is to continue to the Boundary Stone at the South-West Angle of Ground belonging to Saint Thomas's HoJ'pital; from this Point the said Line is to continue in a Right Line to the North End of the said Ground, and so as to be Fifty-five Feet Westward of the Boundary Stone at the North-East Angle of the said Ground; from thence the Line is to continue across the Ground belonging to Joshua Smith Esquire, and in the Occupation of William Hall, and so as to leave Sixty Feet in Depth at the North End thereof, from Premises belonging to Messieurs Hucks and Harding; from thence the Line to be continued through the Ground of the said Hospital of Saint Thomas, curving to the North End thereof, so as to cut the extreme North-East Angle of the said Ground, and thence through the Ground of Mellieurs Hucks and Harding in a Continuation of the said Curve, fb as to be Seventy-eight Feet Eastward of the Northern Boundary of the Estate of the said Mellieurs Hucks and Harding, and from thence to be continued in the lame Curve Line to the South-West Angle of the Iron Railing in Front of Saint George’s Church, the Line to be at all Parts and Points Sixty Feet Square from the Line last described, and terminating at its North End on the North-Weft Angle of a House in Blackman Street in the Occupation of Harding, Gun Maker; all which Line of

Road is situate and being in the Parishes of Saint Mary Newington and Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, all in the County of Surrey, as is more particularly mentioned and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or as near to the Line of Road as the said Trustees for the Time being shall think most convenient.

VIII. And whereas the Line of the said intended Road is herein-before particularly mentioned and described; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall not, in making and constructing the said Road, deviate from the said Line of Road without the Consent in Writing full had and obtained of tlte Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers through whose Lands any Deviation shall be proposed to be made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required, at their own Colls and Charges, and before they shall be?in to make and construct the said intended Road or any Part thereof, to divide and separate, and keep conllantly divided and separated, the said intended Road and every Pait and Parts thereof respectively as shall be deemed necessary by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, in case there shall be any Doubt or Dispute about the fame, by making or causing to be made good and sufficient Pods and Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Arches, Banks, or other Fences (such

:[lcc. & Per.\ 42 D U Fence,

Line of Road not to be altered

without Consent.

Trustees to fence off the Road,

3786

49° GEORGII III. Cap. M.

Fence, where the same shall adjoin any Lands or Grounds belonging to Jo/hua Smith Esquire, or John Blnnd Esquire, not to be an open but doled Fence, and of the Height of Six Feet at the least) by the Side or Sides of the said intended Road, from the adjoining Lands or Tenements, Fields or Wastes, Commons or uncultivated Grounds, the same to be set out and made on the Lands or Grounds wh;ch shall be purchased by or conveyed to and vested in the said Trustees; and the said Trustees shall from Time to Time maintain and support the said Posts and Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Arches, Banks, or other Fences to be set up and made as aforesaid, and also shall at their own like Costs and Charges make, erect, and set up such and so many convenient Gates and Stiles in, over, or through all the Hedges and Fences to be by them so made on the Sides of the said intended Road as aforesaid, of such Dimensions and in such Manner as any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey shall deem necessary and direct, in case there shall be any Doubt or Dispute about the fame, for the Use of the Owners and Occupiets of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments adjoining to the said intended Road; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull down or in any way displace or destroy any such Pod, Rail, Hedge, Bank, or other Fence or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or spoil any such Ditch, Arch, or Trench, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings for every such Offence, to be recovered and levied in such Manner as any other Penalties and Forfeitures can or may be recovered and levied by virtue of this Act; and in case the said Trustees or their Agents or Servants shall refuse or neglect to divide and separate or to keep divided and separated the said intended Road, or any Part or Parts thereof in manner herein directed, or to make, erect, and let up such P‘,fts, Rai,s, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Arches, Banks or other F'ences on the Sides of the said intended Road, or to make, erect, and set up such Gates and Stiles in, over, and through the Fences on the Sides of the said intended Road, for the Use and Convenience of the respective Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments adjoining or near to the said intended Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such manner as aforesaid, or to maintain and support such Posts, Rails, Hedges, Dirches, Trenches, Arches, Banks, or other Fences, for the Space of Ten Days next after the Time to be appointed for those Purposes by such Justices, or after Notice shall be given by or on the Behalf of the Owners or Occupiers uf any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, who may be aggrieved by any such Refusal or Neglect; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, who shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Refusal or Neglect, to make, erect, and set up all such Posts, Rails, Hedges, Arches, Banks, or other Fences and Gates and Stiles in, through, or over the fame, as such Justices shall have directed or appointed to be made, erected, and set up by the said Trustees as aforesaid, and to maintain, repair, and support the said Posts, Rails, Hedges, Arches, Banks, or other Fences from Time to Time as occasion shall require; and all the reasonable Gofts and Charges thereof, to be settled and allowed by such Justices, shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, who shall have so erected and 2 made,

3787

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

made, repaired or maintained such Works as aforesaid, by the said Trustees,within the Space of One Calendar M >nth next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account or Demand in Writing shall have been made thereof and delivered to the Cler.c for the Time being to the said Trustees; and in default of Payment of the said Costs and Charges within the Time aforesaid, such justices shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Seizure of the said Tolls or any of them, or Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels which shall be found belonging to the said Trustees, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall have so incurred such Costs and Charges as aforesaid, rendering to the said Trustees or their Clerk or Treasurer, or tofomeor one of their known Agents or Collectors, the Overplus (if any) after deducting the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Seizure or Sale, to be settled by such Justices, or it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owners or Occupiers to recover such Costs and Charges from the said Trustees determined by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall restrain or prevent the Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds situate on the Side or Sides of the said intended Road from making any Opening or Openings by any cross or branching Streets or Roads into any Part of the said intended Road, and for that Purposemay make such cross or branching Streets or Roads over and across the Footway on the Side of the said intended Road, the Person or Persons so making such Opening or Openings into the said intended Road, paying and defraying all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the lame, and also the Expences of repairing and making good the Ground which may be broken up in the Foot-way on the Side of the said intended Road, under the Direction of the Laid Trustees, in as good and substantial a Manner as the said intended Road shall be where such Opening or Openings shall be situated.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and they are hereby required, under the Inspection and Direction and to the Satisfaction of the commissioners of Sewers for the^Limits extending from East Moulsey in the County of Surrey, to Ra~ vcnjborne in the County of Kent, or their Surveyor for the Time being, to make and construct a good, sufficient and spacious main Sewer or Drain along the whole of the said Road, for the Drainage of the said intended Road and the Houses and Buildings along and to be built along the Side or Sides thereof; and such main Sewer or Drain, when completed, shall vest in the said Commissioners of Sewers ■, and during the Time of making and constructing such main Sewer or Drain, and upon and after the Completion thereof, it (halt and may be lawful to and for all or any Person or Persons on the Side or Sides erf the said Road, under the Direction and Inspection of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor for the Time being, to make and construct a Gun Drain or Gun Drains to communicate with such main Sewer or Drain, upon paying to the said Trustees for each and every such Gun Drain the Sum of Five Pounds % and every Person or Persons so making any lucn Gun Drain or Gun

Drains

Openings may be made int® the Road.

Trustees to make Sewers to drain Road.

3788 49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 186.

Drams shall pay and defray all Coils, Charges, and Expences of making and constructing the fame, and of opening the Ground and removing any Pavement for that Purpose, and shall immediately upon the Completion of such Gun Drain, at his, her, or their own Expence, repair and make good all Ground or Pavement so opened or removed to the Satisfaction of the said Trullees or their Surveyor for the Time being, and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for all or any Person or Persons having any Land or Ground lying or being behind any House or Building on the Side or Sides of the said intended Road, and not being more than One hundred and twenty Feet distant from the nearest Part of the said intended Road (unless the same shall be connected with and in the fame Occupancy as the said last-mentioned House or Building) to make and conflrudt any such Gun Drain leading from such last-mentioned House or Building, to communicate with such main Sewer, or Drain, upon paying to the said Trustees for each and every such last-mentioned Gun Drain the Sum of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings; and such Person or Persons shall pay and defray all Coils, Charges, and Expences of making such Communication, and of opening Ground or removing Pavement as aforesaid, and shall in like Manner repair and make good all such Ground or Pavement as shall be opened or removed to the Satisfaction of the said Trullees or their Surveyor for the Time being; and if any such Person or Persons shall make any such Gun Drain without having first paid such Sum of Five Pounds or Two Pounds and Ten Shillings [as the Case may so] to the said Trullees, he, she, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, to be commenced and prosecuted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and such Penalty of Twenty Pounds, when recovered, shall be applied for and towards the Purposes of this Act.

Officers to be

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may

appu nted. and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also a Gate-Keeper or Gate-Keepers, or Toll Gatherer or Toll-Gatheiers, at the several Toll-Bars or Toll-Gates to be erected in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, and also such other Officers as they shall deem it necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act, and shall and may take such Securities for the due Execution of the respective Offices of the said Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, Gate-Keepers, Toll-Gatherers, and other Officers to be appointed and employed, as they the said Trustees shall think fit; and shall and may from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, Gate-Keepers, Toll-Gatherers, and other Officers, or any of them, and appoint others in their Stead; and also shall and may, out of the Monies to be raffed by virtue of this Act, allow such Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, Gate-Keepers, Toll-Gatherers and other Officers, and such other Person or Persons as shall beaffilling in or about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries or Allowances as to them the said Trustees shall feein reasonable: Provided always, that no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act who shall fell any Wine, Cider, Ale, Porter, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186. 37S9

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- To" Gafhe* lector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, or shall neglect or be incapable honaity of performing h;s Duty, or shall a'ofcond or abl'ent himself, any Five or reraoveu, more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Irustees appointed by virtue cf this Act, shall and may lawfully dif-

charge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself, and in such Case, and also in case any Collector or Receiver shall die, such T ruf-tees shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall die, or be discharged, and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as the Person who shall have l'o died or been discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other llepresentative or Reprefeatatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll H ,use or Building erected on the said Road for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being, then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Affiftauce as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the lame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver, in Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and other Per- Officers to fons so to be from Time to Time appointed by the said Trustees, and the accounl. respecti e Executors and Auministrators of such Officers, shall from Time

to Time, within Seven Days after Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk or Tre tfurer to the said 1 rustees (pursuant to an Order of the said Trnf-tees, made at a vleeting held by virus of this Act) to them respectively given, or left at their usual Place of Abode for that Purpose, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively received, collected, or had, and how, and to whom, and for what Purpose the fame and every Part thereof, hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify such Account upon Oath; and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of fuc Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Perfo 1 or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same, and it any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipt relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof [Loc. b5 Per.] 42 £ on

3790

49c GGEORG 11 III. Cap. 186.

on Oath (which Oath the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered to adnriniftei) or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Mann-r aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons (halt tefufe or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, within Seven Days aft r such Notice given as alore-said, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, and Complaint shall be made of such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough, City, or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall be or reside, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing (except for fotne reasonable Excuse), to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a sum-s xnary Way, and it upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witriefs or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been lb collected or received shall be or remain in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons reflectively, and if no Goods and Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, and if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose, or if such Officer or Person appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Account or Accounts, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid the said Justice may and he is hereby authorized and requireJ, by Warrant or Wariants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or House or Correction in the County, City, Borough, or Place where he or they draft be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have delivered in and (ettled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath and shall have delivered up thr Vouchers and Receip s relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which draft appear to be in his. her, or their Hinds respectively, and the reasonable Charg s of such Distress and Sale as shall have been made in that respect, or until he ot they (half have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and paid the Sum compounded for to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as the) shall appoint to receive the same (which Competition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make), or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Paper-, and Writings as aforesaid, or shall have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided aiways, that no Person draft be committed fot want of sufficient Distress for any longer Space ot Time tlia.i Six Calendar Months.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

XV. And be it further en. died, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hceafter subscribe any Sum or Sunr; of Money for and cowaids making and repairing the said Road, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums so fubcribed, or such Parrs and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Tniflees by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, and within such Time and Times, at such Place and Places, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Trustees shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same, so as the said Trustees shall not call at any One Time for any greater Instalment than Twenty Pounds on every One hundred Pounds of such Subscriptions, nor shall make any such Call at a less Drftance than the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Call immediately preceding; and if any Person or Persons shall after Twenty Days previous Notice in Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Road for that Purpose to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by him, her, or them so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to bring or cause to be brought any Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint or Suit, against any Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, his, her,' or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of, Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and on Proof of such Person or Persons having so subscribed, and of such Notice being given as aforesaid, the respefitive Sums so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or so much thereof as shall be required to be paid in such Notice, shall be recovered with full Cods of Suit.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Subscribers to the said Road, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to transfer his Share or Shares in a Subscription or Subftriptions for and towards the said Road, and his, her, and their Right and Title to any filtered or Dividends due or to become due upon any such Shares or Subscriptions, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares or Subscriptions shall be in the Form or to the Effect following \ {videlicet),

* T in Consideration of paid to

« me by of do hereby bargain,

‘ fell, assign, and transfer to the said the Sum of

* Capital Stock of and in the Road called Great Dover Street,

* being Part [or the Whole, as the Case may be] of my Share in a Sub-

* feription towards the said Undertaking, to hold to the said

* his [or, her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions

* that I held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and

* I, the said do hereby agree to take and

* accept the said Capital Stock, or Subscription, subject to the fame

« Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witness our Hands 5 and Seals, the Day of

3791

Subscribers to pay their Sub-icripaoos.

Subscriptions may be transferred.

Form of Transfer*

And

3792 4-9* GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

And on every such Sale, the said Deed of Transfer, being executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Shares or Subi'criptions, shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk of the said Trustees shall have entered into a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial ol such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Irultees, and have teltified or 1 idorfed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sal or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Road, nor any Interest for such Shares or Subscriptions paid to him, her, or them, as a Subscriber or Subscribers towards the said Road.

No share,.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money ft it t,e fold shall hav been made by the Trustees as aforesaidno Person or Persons tmYbe Money or tra s^eI any Share or Shares, or Subscription or Subscriptions

it paid.J which be, Ihe, or they shall possess in or have undertaken for towards the said Road, on Pain of forfeiting hi*, her, or their Interest therein, unless he, she, or they at the Time of such S 'e or Transfer shall have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, or in such other Manner as the said Trustees shall have directed, the whole and entire urn which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transfer td as aforesaid.

What Interest or Dividends shall be p.iid by -•te Subscribers.

XVIII. And whereas in order to make and complete the said Road it will be necessary to purchase a great Number of Houses and other valuable Premises lying in and on the Line of the said intended Road, and which are more particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the Pu chafe Money for which Houses and Premises will amount to a large Sum ol Money; and for the purchasing of the said Houses and Premises, in order to carry the Purposes of this Act into Effect, several Persons have subsenbed and paid or undertaken to pay divers large Sums of Money j therefore, in Consideration of the Rilk run by the said Subscribers in advancing the several Sums so subscribed by them for the Purposes aforesaid, be it further enacted, That until the said intended Road hereby authorized and directed to be made, repaired, widened, improved, and maintained, shall be fully made and completed, the said Trullees shall and they are hereby empowered and directed, to pay Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon all such Prin. cipal Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been actually subscribed and paid or undertaken to be paid for the Purposes aforesaid, at any Time or Times within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, which Interest shall commence and be computed from the Time or respective Times of Payment of such Principal Menie*, or of the Instalments thereof respectively; and from and after the Time when the said Road shall be fully made and completed the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby empowered and directed to pay, for and during the Continuance of this Act, or until such Sum and Sums of Money shall be returned to the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Interest or Dividends, such further Interest or Dividends, not exceeding in the whole the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum upon all Piin-

cipal

3793

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

clpal Sam and Sums of Money which have been or may be so subscribed and paid, or undertaken to be paid as aforesaid, as shall be from Time to Time rel'olved and determined by a Majority of the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose: Provided always, that the said further Interest or Dividends shall not be paid or payable on cr for any Principal Sum or Sums of Money beyond the Amount of Forty thousand Pounds in the Whole; nor on or for any Sum or Sums of Money other than such Sum and Sums as shall have been or shall be actually subscribed and paid or undertaken to be paid, within the Time arorel'aid; nor on or for any Sum or Sums of Money whatever which shall at any Time be secured by Mortgage of the Tolls under this nft, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums-of Money, which shall, previous to the passing of this Act, have been paid by any Subscriber or Subscribers to the said Undertaking, for or on account of any Share or Shares therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be accounted for by such Person or Persons to the said Trullees, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as they shall respectively appoint, and in case of Non-pcy.ment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees from the Person or Persons to whom or to whole Account the same shall have been paid, in such and in the like Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as if such Sum or Sums of Money had been advanced and paid by or received on account of the said Trustees, after the passing of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies already subscribed in Manner afortfaij, or which may hereafter be subscribed, and already received or ta be received by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall pav and dischargr all the Expences and Costs relative to procuring and passing t' is Act, in Preference to any other Payment whatsoever.; and that the Treasurer to the said Road shall thenceforth, (being first ordered and empowered by the said Trustees), Once in every Year discharge he Interest or Payments uponail Securities which shall be made by virtue of this Act, if the Em shall be demanded, in Preference to all ocher Payments; and that the Remainder of all and every Sum and Sums of M ney whatsoever, which shall and may from Time to Time be raised or received from the Tolls herein-after mentioned, or otherwise howsoever by virtue of this Act, shall be applied in putting this Act in Execution and in repaving the Principal Monies by or by virtue of this Act charged, borrowed, or subscribed, and to cr for no other Ule or Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, their Serva ts or Agents, being first by them thereunto authorized and empowered, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and from lime so Tune and at all Times until the said Road shall be completed as her- in-beiore mentioned. to enter upon any Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buil.iinzs, Grounds, or Hereditaments whatsoever, for the Purpose of surveying taking a Level of, and marking out the Ground and Premi es intended to be made use of for the Purpose of making, widening, and improving the said Road, and the Streets and

[Loc, & jfer.j 42 F Passagej

Power to the

Trustee*to r: cover Money paid on account of any Share cr Share* previous to the paf-iing of IhisAct.

Appl’ca ioncf Money-

Trust'es empowered to survey.

3794

Purchasing Xtfefluages «tc. for Roads and for open* ing Streets,

Owners of

1 and may convey to 'i'uiftet s.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 186.

Passages herein mentioned, they the said Trustees doing as little Damage as may be, and giving Three Days Notice in Writing, signed by their Clerk, to the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, of the Time of their making such Survey, taking such Level, or marking out such Grounds and Prerciifes, and making Satisfaction for all Damages that shall be done ^hereby, exceeding the Sum of One Shilling.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Road shall be Sixty Feet in Width, including the causeways herein after mentioned; and that for the Purpose of making, widening, and improving the said Road, and of opening, widening, improving, and rendering more commodious the Streets and Passages herein-after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby fully authorised and empowered, within Two Yea-~ and Six Montire after the passing of this Act, to treat and agree for the Purcftn'eTf alLthe Houses, Buildings, Erections, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situated on or along the Line of the said Road which shall be agreed to be made by the said Trustees in consequence of such Survey as aforesaid, and in the Schedule hereunto annexed particularly mentioned and set forth; and also to treat and agree for the Loss or Damage which the Owners of and Persons interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Elections, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, anci Hereditaments shall or may any way sustain or be put unto by the making, opening, or altering any Part or Parts of the said intended Road; and upon Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall be agreed upon lor such Purchase or Purchases, or as a Satisfaction for such Loss or Damage, or as shall be adjudged or assessed in the Manner herein-after mentioned and directed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to cause all such Houses, Erections, and Buildings whatsoever, or such or so many or so much thereof as they fliS 1 deem necessary, to be taken down, and the Ground whereon such Houses, Erections, and Buildings now stand, and the other Grounds, Lands, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, or any Patt or Parts thereof, to be laid into the said Road, and also to remove or cause to be removed all Stiles, Bars, Gates, or other Obstructions to the free Passage in, through, over, or along the said Road which are now standing and being in the Line of the said Road, making due Satisfaction to such Person or Persons as shall or may be entitled to any Benefit, Profir, or Advantage from the Lid Stiles, Bars, and Gates, or any of them, from all such Loss or Damage as may accrue by Removal of the fame in Manner hereinafter mentioned and directed: Provided always, that if the said Trustees Iliali nave been willing and desirous, and shall have offered to treat for any huh Houses, Buiidings, Erections, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Time of Two Years and Six Months, but shall have bee prevented from comp eting, or delayed in such Treaty and Purchase thereof, by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupieis thereof, the said Trustees Hi-11 not thereby be prevented from afterwards completing the Purchase of such lust-mentioned Houses, Buildings, Erections, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas the making and constructing of the said intended Road will tend very much to the Benefit and Advantage of the Owners

of

3795

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 186.

of the Lands and Grounds on the Sides of the said intended Road, and very much increase the Value of the said Lands and Grounds; be it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and to and for all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, and not only for and on Behalf of themselves their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons, and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right or entitled to Dower, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are or shall be feii'ed, possessed of, or interested in any Lands or Grounds or the Scite of any Houses, Buildings, or Erections, Tenements or Hereditaments, along, over, or across which the Line of the said intended Roads shall pass, in Consideration of the Benefit, Advantage, and Improvements which shall accrue to the Lands and Grounds on the Sides of the said intended Road, and to the Owner or Owners thereof as aforesaid, to fell, dispose of, convey, assign, transfer, and set over to the said Trustees and their Successors all the Lands and Grounds, and the Lands or Grounds covered by any Houses, Buildings, or Erections, Tenements, or Hereditaments which may be requisite for the making and construbting the said intended Road; and such Conveyance, Assignment, and Transfer to the said Trustees, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall immediately and absolutely vest such Lands and Grounds, and the Scite of such Houses, Buildings or Erections, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the said Trustees and their Successors; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feeoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for or on Behalf of any Infants, Wards, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, Lunatics, Idiots, or other incapacitated Persons, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or posselied of or interested in any such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for all or any such I-ofs or Damage as aforesaid, or fell to them all or any of such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and to convey the same as Occaffon shall be and require; and all Contrabts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, Custom, or any ofher Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding-, and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Femes Covert, and all and every other Person and Persons, r 7 shall

Co’ p^raKon*

and Trustees may contract.

3 795

How Damages to be »f-lefied in cite ot' DiTagree-ment.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they ffiali do by virtue and

in pursuance of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Cavil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Femes Covert, or any other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees are hereby empowered to purchase, take, and use for the Purpol'es of this Act, upon Notice in Writing under the Hands of Five or more of the said Trustees for the Time being, to him, her, or them given, or left at the respective D«1 i;ig-houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the Head Office or Offices of such Bodies Politic, Corporate gt Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of such Land-, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall, for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice so given or left as aforesaid, ntgledl or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the Sheriff of the said County of Surrey, or his Under Sheriff, or in cale such Sheriff or Under She;iff shall be any ways interclled in the Matter in question, then forne one of the Coroners of the said County, not interested therein, ffiali, upon the Warrant of the said Trustees in Manner herein-after mentioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to cause it to be inquired into and ascertained by ami upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Surrey (u'hich Oaths the said Sheriff, Under She'iff, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damages will be Jultained by and what Recoil pence and Satisfaction shall be n ade to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on Account of the taking of such Land', 'lenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, lor the Purposes of this Act, or of earning any Part or Parts of the said Road into, over, or through the lame Lands or Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments; and in order thereto the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occasion ffiali require, to furnmon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be ih ught necefia'y and proper to be exami: ed as a ness or Witmffes touching ot concerning the Premises (which Oath the Lid sheriff, Uncer Sheriff, r-r Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to administer), and such Siier.ft, Under Sheriff, or ( oroner respectively, shall also o:\tr and cauls the said jury to view the Places in question, it there be Occasion, and ufs all oilier lawful Ways and Means, as well for his and their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheri: Under Sheriff, or Coroner shall think fit; and after the said jury ffiali i , ve in-qu red of, afee* ained, and lettled such Damage, Recernper.ee, and Satisfaction, thefuidSh r.ft, Under Sheriff, or Uoroner, shall thereupon orner the Sum or Sums ol Money so addled by the said Ju y to be paid by the said Trustees. to the said Ow ners or Occupier1 of or other Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Ii quisition of the said Jury, which said Yordidt or Inquisitiun, and Order, lo had and made, fhalUre final, binding.

3797

49° GEORGII TIL Cap. 186.

and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whoinfoevet claiming any Estate in tee Simple, in Fee Tail, for Life or L \e» in Poll' Hi n Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Suc-cei. >rs Ex cu ors and Administrators, Infants, Iifue unborn, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, and under any other Disability whatsoever, Bouies Politick, C vrporate or Colie iate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or S 1 , as ell as all other Persons whomsoever; and foi the fuitimoning and returning of Inch Jury or juries the said Trustees aie hereto empowered to idue their Warrant or Warrants to the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, thereby commanding and requiring fucti Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, to summon, empannel, and return at loine convenient Place in the said County, a Jury of Twenty-four honeit and m ifferent Men, qualified according to Law, to be returned for Trials of llfues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and Eighi Days Notice at the leait in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees is hereby required to be given to such Owners, Proprietors, Oc-cupii rs, Corporations, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, of the Time and Place of the said Jury being so empanneled, fuminoued and returned; and the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, is and are hereby required to empannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so empanneled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, shall swear or cause to be sworn, Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that S-rvice, (being qualified as last aforesaid), to the Number of Twelve; and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel, and Solicitors, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the aiJ Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, respectively; and such Persons shall al o have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, his or their Bailiffs or Agems making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or shall relufe to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give, or shall not give their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty the ein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall refuse or neglect to appear, or shall not allege a sufficient Excule for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence; provided that any such Fine shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, nor the Sum of Five Pounds upon any other Person for any other Offence.

[hoc. & Per.'} ai G

3798

Fxpewcen of J ries how to be paid.

Misnomer,

O miihon, or wrong D f-criptinn in the Schedule not to prevent the Execution of this Act.

Lands to veil in I ruliees.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 1S6.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Kighr. Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands, Tenements, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any such Damages as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to be given andcffeied for the fame by the said Trustees, before the ium-moning and returning of such Jury or Juries, then and in such Case the Costsan'i Expences of fumnioning and maintaining the Jury and WitnesscS for the Purposes aforesaid shall be paid determined by the said i rultees out of the Monies which shall arise by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries Jo summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money as such Recorr.pence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees for the fame, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and main aining such Jury and Witnesses shall be paid by the Person and Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have had such Controversy and Dispute; and in all C.ifes where the Person or Persons, Parry or Parties interested in any such Lands, Tenements, Messuages, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments are not to be found, such Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining such Jury and Witnesses shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies which shall arise by virtue of this Act; which said Costs and Expences, having been settled determined by the Did Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner, before whom such Verdict shall have been given (which said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so adjudged or assessed, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of the Person and Persons entitled to such Money so adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or assessed, or otherwise such Costs and Expences may be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein-afrer provided for the Recovery of the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act authorized to beimpole.t.

XXVII. Provided always, and br it further rnafted, That if any of the Messuages, Buildings, Grounds* Hereditaments, and Premises mentioned and describrrl in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or any of the Persons in whose Possession or Occupation (he lame or any Part thereof are or is stated or described to be, shall happen to be tnilnamed, omitted, or inaccurately described, such Misnomer, O i iffion, or inaccur te Description being proved 10 have arifeu merely irom Mistaketo the Satisfaction of L'wo Juflicts of the Peace for the County of Surrey, to be signified under their Hands, shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act, but ttie fame Preo iles and every Part thereof shall and may be purchased and fold, or affelied and valued by a Juv, and conveyed, disposed of, anJ applied for and to the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame wai properly named and dele ibed in the tame Schedule.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Sum of Money, Rerom-pence, and Satisfaction which shall be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, Jliall be paid out of the Monies which (halt arise and be produced by virtue

of

3799

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

of this Act, to the artie-. or Persons respectively entitled thereunto, or to the'r Agents, except in the Cases heiein-afterotherwise provided for; and up >n Payimn t 'ereof, or in case of Refusalto accept the fame, then upon leaving the iaine in the Hands of the f reasurer or v lerk of the said Trustee- for the Time being, for the Use of such Prties or Persons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, all Owners and Occup'rrs of. and all other Persons, or Corporations interested in such Lands, Tenements, Messuages, Buildings, Ground', or Hereditaments, shall from thenceforth be diverted of all Right, Title,

Claim, interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and such Houses, Messuages, Tenements, or Buildings, shall and may be forthwith pulled down, carried away, removed, and disposed of by the said Trustees, and the Scite thereof, and all such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments as shalt be so purchased, or so much and such Part thereof as the said Trustees shall see fit, shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be by them or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently fenced and set out for that Purpose, and shall from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and for ever afterwards be a Common Highway, and shall be deemed Part of the Road to be made and maintained by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And whereas in order to carry into effect the Purposes of this Act, Trustees m\y and to avoid Disputes with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments which may be aftefted by making the said intended Road, the said Trustees may purchase Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments not necessary to be made use of for the Purposes oi this Act; be it therefore enacted.

That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to fell, grant, and convey such Pa-t or Parts of the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased by the said Trustees, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and that all such Conveyances from the said Trustees shall be valid and effectual, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales ot' such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful for the 1 realurer 01 Clerk to the said Trustees to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be suffichnt Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditameirs shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipt shall be expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not be answerable for any Losses, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Trust-es, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Grounds, and Herrditaments, shall first offer to re-sell the same to the Person or Persons from whom the same shall have been purchased; and in case such Person or I'ersons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall rtfufe to re-purchase the {ame, then and in every such Case, an Affidavit being (worn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, by ome Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands anu P emifes,

Hating that such Offer was made by or on behalf of the said Trustees, and was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame Offer was so made, such Affidavit shall in

all

1800 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

all Courts whatever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was n >t agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall be desirous of purchasing the said Premises, and he, she or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to he Price or Prices therrof, in, such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in puduance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing an determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as is herein directed with resp ft to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, mutalis mutandis; and that all Monty which shall arise by any Sale or Sales, or Demise 01 Dcmif s which may be made by the said Trustees of such I^nds, Grounds, and Premises as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

The words

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants, Demises, and " Conveyances to be made by the said Trustees, under or by virtue of the

to operate as several Powers and Authorities to them hereby given, the Words Covenants for «t Grant, Bargain, and Sell," shall amount toand becenitruedand adjudged in all Courts of Jud cature to be express Covenants to the Grantee, or Purchaser, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the said Trustees, for themselves and their Successors, that the said Trustees, notwithstanding any Act done by them, were at the Time of the Execution of every such Grant or Conveyance feiled of the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises thereby granted, conveyed, and fold, of an indefeasible Eftaie of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Encumbrances, for quiet Enjoinrent thereof against the said Trustees and their Successors, and all Persons claiming under them; and all such Purchasers shall he indemnified and saved harmless by the said Trustees and their Successors.

Pu’chafing

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if in any case the Owner or Prernife°fr m Owners of any Houses, Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, or Here-Owne s un- ditaments. Part only of which Premises shall at any Time be required by Part."8 to fcU the said Trustees to be applied to the sof this Act, shall be unwiling to sell or dispose of such Part only of the Houses, Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, or Premises belonging to the said Owner or Owners, as shall be required by the said Trustees, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and they are hereby required, at the Option of any Owner or Owners of any such Houses, Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, or Premises, to purchase of and from the said Owner or Owners the Whole or such Part thereof as such Owner or Owners shall think fit, of the Houses, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments of the said Owner or Owners, and to apply so much, or such Part thereof as they shall see fit, to the Purposes of this Act, and to fell the remaining Part of such Premises, and to apply the Produce thereof to the Purposes of this Act; and that if such Owner or Owners shall not or cannot agree with the said Trufbes for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the Whole of such Lands, Houses, Tenements, Ground, or Hereditaments, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury in such Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of thi# 4 Act,

38 °i

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

Act is directed to be settled and ascertained by this Act; and all other Proceedings shall take place respecting the said Premises as are hereinbefore mentioned and directed with respect to Premises the Value of which shall be ascertained by a Jury in manner aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Purchase Moor afiefled to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Mefluugcs, Buildings, pl^miousdue Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uied by virtue of this to corporate Act, which shall belong to any Corporal ion. Feme Covert, Infant, i,*

Lunatic, or Person or Persons u^der any Disability or Incapacity, or no: 1 ua < u- toiiie legally entitled absolutely to dispose of the Premises by the Sale of which such Money shall be produced, such Money shall in case the same shall h >..e fl.ml examount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds,with all convenient CCtd *ooi-Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing; th s Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Dire ft ion and with the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an O der made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fominary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to che Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Lard Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments or affecting other Lands, Tenements, Houses, Building', Grounds, or Hereditaments,

(banding settled therewith to the (ante or the likeUfes, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trust«, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood fertled or limited, or such of them as at che Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be (old for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any ji,i^..:oa Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, when Hie Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or Money doe. " used for the Purports aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to noc except any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, rtiall be '1

less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed - {hoc. fc? Per.] 42 II ' the

3S°2

Application when ltfs than 20I.

In case of ^ot making oul Titles, tte.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 186.

the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of hi1., her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the Paid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as. herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Paid Trustees shall think fit j or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such_Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXV. And be it further enadec. That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums ot Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premiset, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered ro be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful Porsche said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums ot Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Ctedic of the Parties intetefted in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (df/cribing tbm), subject to the Older, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to fu* k Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof or Puynunf of the Dividends thereof, accp ding to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Intccft of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Piemites as to the said Court

shall

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. i*6; 3^3

shall feemjuft and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any persons in Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to Fo. cp. on shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this un'ef.the Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or ^’en^"ry be of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamencs, at the Time ofluch Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unlel's it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fume Estate or Interest therein.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by

reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpo- (onaWeEx'*' ration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pences to iw purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the XrusteeJ'1* fame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Ufesin purtjuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts, Judge- verdicts, etc. ments. Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said toberecord-Trustees, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner and Juries, as relate to or the seU concern any of the Cases before mentioned, and all Receipts which the

Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England• shall give for any Sum or Sums of Money paid into the Bank as aforesaid, shall be entered among tha/Records of the Court of General Quarter Sessions of rhePeaceof the said County ‘of Surrey^ and the said Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees,

Orders,i and other Proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be Records

all Intents and Purposes whatsoeverand the fame, or true Copies I <<;!' 9 thereof,

3804

Conv-yanc-s good by Bargain and bale,

Temrt at Will, etc. to qait Premises.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and ail Persons shall and may have Recourse to the fame, upon paying the Sum of One Shilling and no more for each Search, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the accustomed Fee; and immediately after the Entry of such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decree-, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Truliees, Sheriff, Under Shreiff, or Coroner and Juries as aforesaid, and Payments as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand in Law and Equity, of the respective Owner or Owners, Corporations, Truliees, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, into and out of the Lands and Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Trustees, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings, shall not only bar all Righr, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand of the Person or Persons, Corporation or Corporations, to whom rr on whose Account such Payment shall have been made, or for whose Use such Money shall have been left in the Hands of the Treasur<r of the said Road, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower or Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or common Recoveries would do if levied or differed by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any Estate or Interest of any Feme Covert to the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons in.Trod for them, by Bargain and Sale acknowledged by such Feme Coverr, and duly inrolled :n the Court of King’s Bench at Westminster within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Intereil of such Feme Coverc in the Pre-miles, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do if levied or differed thereof in due Form of Law, and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Lands and Hereditaments as shall be purchased by the said Trustees by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have ihe like Force, Effect, and Gperation'in Law, to all Internes and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have if levied or differed by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons fei&d of any Estate in the Premises in Trust for such Bargainor or Bargainors, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted, That any Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, and Hereditaments, or any P»rt thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Pren.ile* than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee for a Ytar, or from Year to Year shall,

upon

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

3&°5

upon receiving Six Calendar Months Notice to that Effect from the said Trustees or any Five or mote of them, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, or so soon after as he, she, or thty shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and that in calc any such Tenant or Tenants, or Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff- of the said County of Surrey, to deliver Puff flion of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the •said Premises, and to levy such Colts as shall accrue from the iffuing and Execution of such Precept or Piecepts on the Person or Persons lo refuting to give P^ffdfion as afurel’aid, by Distrcls and Sale of his, her, m their Gcous.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons Morgagesto who shall have any Morrgage or Mortgages on such La-d', Tenements, be an-gned^on Houses, Building-, Grounds, and Hereditaments, not being in Possession princjpai theteof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall on the Payment Money, etc. or Tender of the Principal Money and Intcreli due thereon, together with the Amount of Three Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal Money, by the said Tiuftecs, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immedately convey, assign, and transfer such Mor gage or Mortgages to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as the said (Trustees shall appoint; or in caie such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and d.scharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day 01 giving such Notice, that then at the End if the Paid Three CJendai Months, on the Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, fu h Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer, h s, Er, or then Interest in the Premises to the said Trustees, or such Person - tP ifuns as shall be appointed in Trust for them, and in case such M rtgagte or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Paym nc, that then all Inureft on tvery such Mortgage fti-11 from thenceforth cease and determine.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Principal Cashierto Money and Inte.eft due on any Morrgage as aforesaid into the Bank at foJepu^ca^.pl: the End of Th;ee Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice Money paid , as aforesaid, for the yfe of the Mortgagee or Moitgagees, the Cashier or ‘ototheBank. Cashiers of th Bink shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Ule,

Trust, Prop-rev, Claim, and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in tf\e said Trustees, and they shall be deemed to be in the aduai Poflrfiion of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

£Loc. b5 Per.']

42 7

3806 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

aMI'Ve*ore>e 5CLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money or other *ny V( ?.re Confide ration, Recompence, or Sadsfaction to be paid or made pursuant route of the to any such Agreement or Verd ft as aforesaid, or in Discharge of any picmifes. fjch Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or paid into the Bank oiEngland as aforesaid, before the said Trustees or any Person or Persons auchoiizeo by them (hill proceed to pull down any Hoofe or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings com* prised in or affected by such Agreement, Verdict, or Mortgage respectively, or to use the Ground for any of the Purposes of this Act.

Compensation

XLIV. And whereas by the making and using of the said Road hereby .‘or i ythes. authorized to be made, the Lands which are intended to be taken and used for ftiofe Purposes, or some Paits thereof, will be rendered unproductive of Tythes; and it is expedient that proper Compensation should be made to the Owners of the said Tythes for the Time being in liru thereof; be it therefore further enacted, I hat full Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made by the said Trustees for all the Tythes, both Great and Small, of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Trustees for the Purpos s and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the relpec* live Persons entitled, 61 who would have been entitled to such Tythes in case such L nds had not been so taken or made use of, according to their icfpeclive Imertfts therein, such Tythes to be estimated at the average Value of Seven Yeats, commencing at Midsummer One thousand eight hundred and two; such average Value to be ascertained (in case of any D.fference concerning the same) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein-before directed to be ascertained: Provided always, that the Recompense and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act for all Glebe Lands and Tythes belonging to spiritual Persons, shall be made to such Persons by an annual Rent.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may

* ri-ufc mRy _ .

oedt Gaiei. erect and set up or cause to be elected and let up one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across the said intended Road, with Toll-houses and proper and necessary Buildings and Fences near to each such Gate or Turnpike, whether acrots the said intended Road or at the Side thereof.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give the Trustees for putting this Act into Execution any Power or Authority to treft or set up any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, so as to preventer obstruct the present Entrances or Avenues leading to Or from a certain Street called Kent Street, near and adjoining to the said intended Road.

Tolls.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following

shall and may Once in every Day he demam cd anti laken of and from all and every or any Person or Persons passing with or attei d’ng any Cattle or Carriage, by such Person or Persons as the Lid Trustees shall fom Tim-to lime appoint ai each of the said Gates ot Turnpikes; (that is to say), ’

Trusteej not to erect any Gate or Turnpike to oblt'uct the present Entran es to Kent Street.

For

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise, and Plea-sure-Carriage, and for every Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, having Four or Three Wheels, drawn by Six Horses, or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence; and drawn by Four Horses, or Beads or Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Two-wheeled Chaise or Chair drawn by Two Horses, or Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Four-pence •, and drawn by One Horse, or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every W.iggon, Wain, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage, laden with Hav or Straw, or having Wheels of the Breadth of iix Inches or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, being horizontal on the Surface of the Tire, and rolling an even Surface, drawn by Six or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence i and drawn by Five Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six-pence; and drawn by One Hotle, or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage (not being laden with Hay or Straw) with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches as aforesaid, or rolling a Surface not horizontal, drawn by Six or more Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Five Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence; and drawn by Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by O ie Horse, or B ad of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, drawn by Four or more Horses, or Be.,(Is of Draughr, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn ny Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six-pence; and drawn by 1 wo Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Threepence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum ot Twopence:

For every Horse, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpennny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and <o in proportion for any Itfs Number; and for every Drove of Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken asToll; and if ary Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall alter Demand thereof made neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or for any Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized by the said Trustees, by himself, herself, or thrmselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or *» . they

38°7

$'S6® 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

they shall think necessary, to (lop, fcize, and distrain any Hoifeor Horses, or other Bealls or Cattle upon which such T*>11 is by this Act miposed, together with their Bodies. Saddles, Gears, Hamels, or Accoutrrmencs or any Pad-thereof (except the Bridles or Rems of such HoTes or other Beast', separate from such H^rfesor other Beads); and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Ditlrefs, (h.ll not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure and Distiels made, the Person or Pertorsl’o Icizing and d.(training shall and may fell the Horle or Horle-, Br-ad, Cattle, or Things so seized and didrained, or a sufficienc Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be) and what dill remains untold, bn Demand to tile Owner thereof, after such Toll, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, D.drcts, and Sale, dull be deducted and paid; and that all the Tolls and Monies to to be col-lested and levied, and the Money borrowed or to be borrowtd on the Cteclit thereof, (h. ll be and are I erebv vrfted in the said Trodces, and shall be paid, applied; and disposed of to and for the Utes, Intents, and Purposes, and in sech Manner as is herein-mentioned.

Collectors Sf LVIII, Provided always, and be it further en.ifted, by the Authority under"^ G. 3 aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawtul lor the several and respective to cot ec- Tot 5 Receivers and Collectors, and other Pei so ns to be appointed under or by fu'ch°Act L virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His pres. nt Majeiiv, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and to Lanes within the lewn and Borough of Southwark and certain Parts adjacent in the County e/Surrev, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and PaJJdgcs adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to icceive and collect the several Tolls thuc-by' made payable; and they are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Purposes of the said Act, without the Let, Hindrance, or Molrft non tif cany Person or Persons whatsoever, to make use of all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes and Toll-houses to be ciefted by virtue and in putiu-ance of th s Act, so as such rcl'peftive Receiver, Collector, or other Person do'in r.owile hinder or interrupt the transacting of any Bt.fintf- or Purpose for which such Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-houses shall be erected or provided.

XIIX. And, to obviate any Doubts which may arise with respect to such F. ur-wfetled Carriages as consist of Two Wheels of the Breadth of S x Inches, and Two of a leis Breadth, be it further enactrd, That all such Carti.gts with Four Wheels, Two whereof shall be of a kfs Breadth than Six Inches, although the other Two shall be of a greater Bieadth, which shall pals through any Gate or Turnpike to be tredied by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to and 1 harged with the Tolls by this Act imposed upon any Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheel* d Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels of a leis Breadih than Six Inches.

th- Tdl-houses &r be er cted purfu nice

this Act.

Fre*d'h of Wheels.

Payment of T 11 at o" Gate * clear the o her Gates.

L. P t vided always, ai d be it further enacted, That the Person or Per-f n* p. di g with 01 attending any H rfe. Cattle or Carnage, along the fid mended Road, who shall have paid the Toll hereby authorized to be i ken in rrlptft of inch Horle, Cattle, or C.vriagr, at any Turn, :ke or Tol Gate to be errfted acre Is che said intenotd Road, shall, on producing the Inker for that Day, be exempt from the Payment of such Toll at

- any

t

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 186. 3 80

any other such Turnpikes or Toil Gates*, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Hor fes, Cattle, Exemptions, cr Carriages which shall pass the same Day through any Side Bar or Gate to be erected on the Side or Sides of the said Road authorized to be made by this Act, across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the fame, and through the next Turnpike Gate or Bar on the said Road, shall, on producing a Ticket, in like Manner be exempt at the other of the lame last-mentioned Gates or Bars from so much Toll as shall have been respectively paid for such Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, at the other of the fame Gates or Bars which they shall have so previously passed through:

Provided also, that no Toll shall be taken in respect of any Horse, Beall,

Cattle, or Carriage, which only crossthe said Road.

LIT. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That no General Ex, Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriages laden only fr0

with Stone, Brick, Gravel, Rubbish, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or for repairing the Highways in any Parish or Place through which any Part of the said Road leads, or laden only with Dung, Marl, Soil, Mould, Comport, or other Manure, of what Nature or Kind soever, to be used in manuring or improving of Land, or for any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Hay, Hay-grass, Sainfoin, Fodder,

Stiaw, or Corn in the Straw (rxcept Carts and Carriages laden with Hay or Straw for Sale, or wiih Hay or Straw which shall have been bought, and shall be then drawing Home to ihe Purchasers thereol) or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to any of the Inhabitants in any of the said Parishes or Places passing in order to the using or repairing of the fame, or for Cattle or Carriages going empty and unladen for, or returning empty and unladen ascer having carried such Stone, Bricks, Gravel, Rubbish, or other Mateiialsfor repairing the said Road, or for repairing the Highways in any Parish or Place through which the said Road leads, or such Dung, Marl, Soil, Mould, Comport, or other Manure of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, to be used in manuring and improving I, and, or any Hay or Corn in the Straw, or any Ploughs,

Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to any of the said Inhabitants, or for any Cattle belonging to any of the said Inhabitants which shall be only going to or returning from P,>fture, Water, or drawing any Plough or Harrow, or for any Cattle or Carriage belonging to any Inhabitant of any Parish or Place wherein any such Turnpike shall be erected, which shall be only parting to the Smith’s Shop in order to be Ihod or farried, or for the Return of any such Cattle or Carriage unladen, or for any Horles or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Muls of Letters and Expressies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame, or for the Horses of Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for Cattle or Carriages attending them, or laden only with their Arms or Baggage, or returning after having been so employed; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the lame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or CommilLriat or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or for Horses or Carnages travelling

[Lee. Per.'] 4a K with

38ip 49° GEORGII III. Cap. iSo.

with Vagrants sint by P.ffes, or for any Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calulhe', Chairs, or Passengers on Horseback going to or icturning from r.ny Fled ion ot a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Pu'liament ior the County of Surrey, or Members for the Borough of Southwa k, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toil shall be demanded or taken for any Horle, Mare, or Gelding furnishrd by or for any Persons belonging to any Cuips of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dreifed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of c'uiming such Exemption as afoiefa'd; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted from the Whole or any Part of the several Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, not being entitled to the lame, such Peiton for cvety such Offence shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

carriages con-

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or far, shorts not causing to he dri vcn any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, provided to1 e tuhje t for the Service of His Mujcuy’s Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Bar-for^Over'65 rack> or Commissaria- or other public Stores of or belonging to His Ma-weight, &c. jesty, or for the Use cf His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be Hopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horles or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, JWain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwiihita tiding.

Toll Gatherers LIV- And be it further enacted, That every Gate-Keeper, Toll-Gaiherer, their Name* V Collectxr or Receiver of the Tolls on the said Road (h41 and he and they is and are here y required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Buaid in white Lett rs on a black Ground, in fair and legible Characters, of such Size as the said Trustees shall direct, in the Front of the Toihh'tule whtre he shall be flatiuned to collect the said Tolls immediately on his com ng on Duty, and shall continue the fame so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid, in the M nner and during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of this Act, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname (such Person or Persons who shall demand the fame having paid the said Tolls), or shall give afalfc Name upon such Demand, every such Collector or Receiver shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186. 3811

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person cr Parfops ftr.ll go or pais with, or ridtj or drive any Horse or Beast, or ri le i» or d'ive ary e

Carriage through or over any Land, Ground, or Place lying by the Side of or near to any Part of the said Road 5 or if any Person or Persons owning rr occupying any Land or Ground, the fame not being a Highway, shall knowingly or wittingly permit or ft: tier any other Perfm or Persons to go or pa s with any Cattle or Carriage through or over such Land, Ground, or Place, in orcicror with Intent that thereby the Payment of any Tolls by th’s Act granted, or any Parc thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive of any other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket with Intent to avoid the Payment of any or any Part of the said Tolls; or if any Person or Persons shall unload or cause to be unladen any Goods or Merchandize, or shall cake off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, or having passed through any Turnpike, shall afterwards add or put on any Horse or other Bead to any Carriage, and draw therewith upon any Parc of cne said Road, so as to intreale the Number of Horses or other Beads drawing the fame Carriage, after the lame shall have passed through the said Turnpike, with Intent to avoid, or shall by any such Means have avoided, the Payment of any Tolls, or if any Person or Persons shall do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Past thereof; or if any other Person or Persons shall ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Carriage upon any Foot causeway or Path on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road, such Persons, and every of them, shall far each respective Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered in such Manner as herein-afeer mentioned and provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forteitures, one Moiety whereof when raised shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures arc hereinafter directed to be applied.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dif. justices may pure shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of ascertainT»iis. keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so dif-training to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen), until the Quantity of the Tolls or Charges of distraining or Jelling the Distress (as the Case may happen) be ascertained by some Just ice of the Peace for the County of Surrey, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the said Matter upon Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of Toll due, and also shall afiefs the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice, all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Cclleftor before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Ton Gather-Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the faici Tolls, ers may be or in case of any Proceeding or Prosecution for the obtaining any of Wltuelles-the Penalties imposed by this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or

under

49* G EO RGII III. Cap. 186.

under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not he incompetent to give Evidence in any futh Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or tht-ir being so appointed, or acting under the Authority of the said Trullees.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any publick Meeting, if they shall think proper, to order and cause to be built and erected, at any of the Turnpike-Bars or Toll-Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act upon any Part of the Lid Road, or at such Distance from such Turnpikt-Bars or Toll-Gates as they shall think requisite and expedient, a Crane, Machine, or Engine, with a suitable House or other Building thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages conveying any Goods.or Merchandizes whatsoever, and to each such Ctane, Machine, or Engine, to order and cause to be erected a Turnpike-Gate or Toll-Gate across the said Road, and by Writing to order all and every or any such Carriage or Carriages which shall pass loaded through any such Gate or Bar, or shall come upon the said Road within the Distance of One hundred Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, although the fame Carriage or Carriages shall not have passed through any Toll-Gate or Turnpike-Gate, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof, and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order any Person or Persons to receive and take, over and above the Tolls hereby granted, the following Sums of Money as additional Tolls:

For every Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred Weight, which any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any Weighing-Machine erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, over and above the Weights herein-after a lowed to each of them respectively, that is to say, for the First and Second Hundred Weight of such Over-weight the Sum of Three-pence for each Hundred Weight:

For every Hundred Weight of such Overweight above Two Hundred Weight and not exceeding Five Hundred Weight, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Hundred Weight of such Overweight above Five Hundred Weighr, and not exceeding Ten Hundred Weight, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Hundred Weight of such Overweight above Ten Hundred Weight, and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred Weight, the Sum of Five Shillings:

And for every Hundred Weight of such Overweight, above Fifteen Hundred Weight, the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Which said additional Tolls or Dues hereby granted and made payable shall and may be levied and recovered in any of the Cales aforesaid upon any Person liable thereto, or upon his or her Goods or Chattels, who shall, after such Demand made thereof, refuseor neglect to pay tnefame, in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered, and the Money rriling from such additional Toll and Duty shall be applied to the Purposes o( this Act: Provided always, that no Waggon with Wheels not leis than Six Inches in Breadth, and rolling an even Surface, and which, together with its Loading, shall not exceed the Weight

of

Weighing

Machines.

3812

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186. 3813

of Five Ton', nor any Cart with Wheels not less than Six Inches in Breadth, and rolling an even Surface, and which with its Loading shall not exceed the Weight of Three Tons Ten Hundred Weight; nor any Waggon with Wheels less than Six Inches in Breadth, and which with its Loading shall not exceed the Weight of Three Tons Ten Hundred Weight; nor any Cart with Wheels less than Six Inches in Breadth, and which with its Loading shall not exceed the Weight of Two Tons, shall be liable to any of the said last-mentioned Tolls; but that the same shall be payable by such Waggons and Carts respectively only for any Weight over and above the said Weight so allowed to each of them respectively.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of every such Toll- Engine Keep. Gate or Bar where any such Weighing-Engine shall be erected, or any waggoro'alc other Person appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees to the on penalty. Bar cf such Machine or Engine, shall and is hereby required to weigh all such Waggons and Carts liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act, which shall pass laden through such Gates or Bars respectively, or shall come upon any Part of the said Road within the Distance of One hundred Yards, from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine without passing through any such Turnpikes or Toll-Gates or Toll-Bars respectively, and which he shall have reason to believe carry greater Weight than are allowed to pass without paying such additional Toll; and if any Gate-Keeper or Person so appointed shall permit any such Waggon or Cart to pass through any such Toll-Gates with any greater Weight than is allowed as aforesaid, without weighing the fame, and receiving such additional Tolls as aforesaid, and every Owner or Driver of any such Waggon or Care which shall pass loaded through any such Gates or Bars respectively, or (Hall come upon any Pm of the said Road within the Distance of Fifty Yatds from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, who shall refuse to suffer his Carriage to be weighed, or shall rcfule to drive his Carriage upon the Engine, upon being required so to do by the Colltftor or Receiver of such addiuonal Tolls, although such Waggon or Cart shall have passed beyond the Distance of One hundred Yards from any such Gates or Bars respectively, or beyond any such Crane or Engine as aforesaid, or shall not drive his Cart upon the said Weighing-Engine for the Purpose of being weighed, being required lo to de, every such Gare-Keeper or Person io appointed as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and the Driver, being the Owner of every such Waggon or Cart, shall for every such Offenre forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and the Driver of every such Waggon or Carr, not being the Owner, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LX. And in order to detest the said Collector or Receiver in any To prevent fraudulent Connivance or Neglect of Duty in the Matters aforesaid. Connivance ef be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Trustee, joiners Creditor, Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor of the said intended Road, ' S if he shall fulpeft any such Connivance or Neglect as aforesaid, to cause any Carriage liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act, which shall have passed through any Toll Gate, or shall come upon any Parc of the said Road within the Distance of One hundred Yards from the Place where such Crane, Machine, or Engine shall be erected,

[Loc. & Per.') 42 L and

3x4 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

and shall nor have passed, or be above Three hundred Yards beyond or fmm such Tol'-Gate or Weighing-Engine, to return to such Weighing-Engine and be then weighed, with the Leading thereof, in the Prrfence of such Trustee, Creditor, Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor upon requiring the Driver thereof to drive such Carriage back to such Weighing-Engine, and upon paying or tendering to him the Sum of One Shilling for lo doing, which Sum of One Shilling shall be returned to the Person weighing the fame, if upon weighing such Carriage and the Loading the lame shall be found above the Weight hereby allowed; and the Did Trustees shall and are hereby authorized and required to in-clufe from the Lands adjoining thereto fuflkient Ground for the Purpose of e'efting such Cranes, Machines, or Engines, and Houses, or other Buildings and Conveniences thereto, and for the Purpose of making convenient Places for turning such Carriages upon every such Road where any such Weighing Engine shall be treded on each Side thereof, if the Ground will admit of the fame; and there shall be a List of the Names of all the Trustees and also of the Clerk, Treasurer, and Surveyor of such Road, put up in the House or Building where any Weighing-Engine shall be pheed, to be inspected by the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage; and if the Driver of any such Carriage, being so requested to return with his Carriage to any such Weighing-Engine, shall neglect or lefufe so to do he shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Fony Shillings, and it shall be lawful for any Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons being then present, upon such Neglect or Rtfufai to drive and take such Carriage back to any such Weighing-Engine in order thac the fame may be weighed as aforesaid.

Pe a'ty on

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner of any Waggon» Kor^so avoUi Cart, or other such Carnage, or other Person being the Driver thereof, loginc. travelling on the said Road where any Weighing-Engine is or shall be erected, shall turn out of the lame into any other Road in order to avoid being weighed, or to avoid the Payment of Toll, and shall afterwards proceed wiih such Caniage into and on any Part of the said Road, every such Owner or other Person convicted of such Offence before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limits where such Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit, if he be the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if he be the Driver and not the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, upon Conviction for every such Offence.

pma! y for

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons driving Bar- shall run, drive, draw, or cause to be run, driven or drawn on any forridt.C on^ ^art Foot-paths said intended Road any Wheel or

Foo^paihl,0"' Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Truck, or any Caniage whatsoever, or shall ride or drive any Horse or other Bead upon such Foot-path, such Person or Persons shall forfeit for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Altering

LXIII. And be it furihet enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Toiii. Trustees under this Act from Time to Time assembled at any Meeting or

s Meetings

49° GGEORGII II I. Cdph 36. 3815

Meetings to be held for that Purpose; and they are hereby empoweied by and with the Consent of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Three Fourth Parts of the Money which shall be then due on the Credit of the said Tolls, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time afterwards to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the tespective Rates herein.before mentioned; and also from Time to Time to direct the Tolls hereby granted or so reduced as aforesaid, to be collect'd in such Parts or Proportions at the said Turnpikes or Toll-Gates upm the said Road as they shall think proper; and that such reduced Tolls, and also such Parts and Proportions as aforesaid, shall and may be collected, ltvied, and applied in such and the same Manner as the said Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, levied, and applied:

Provided always, that no Metting shall be held for the Purpose of lessen-ing, reducing, or advancing all or any of the Tolls so lessened after the First Meeting, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice at the least: shall be given thereof in Writing, and be affixed upon all the Turnpikes which ffia.l be then erected upon the said Road, and also be inserted Twice in some Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Surrey.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Removing Trustees from Time to Time to take down and remove any Gate, To11 Glte‘‘ Turnpike or Toll-Gate, Weighing-Engine, Building, and other Convenience erected or provided by virtue of this Act, and to fee up the fame again in] any oher Place or Places, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road: Provided always, that no Gate or Turnpike, or Weighing-Engine to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act shall at any Time after the same shall be set up, be taken down or removed to any other Place, except by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting convened for that Purpose, and unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice shall be given thereof in Writing, and be affixed upon all the Turnpikes which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act; and also be inserted Twice in some Newspaper published or circulated in the County of Surrey; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Leafing Tolit Trustees, after giving Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turapike Gates which shall be then erected upon the said Road, and adverttfing the fame Twice at ieaft in some Newpfaper published or circulated in the County of Surrey, from Time to Time to lease and demil'e the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, for the best Price that shall be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times and under such Covenants as the said Trustees shall think fir, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lrafe or Leases, and taking such other fuf. ficient Security from the Person or Persons to whom any such Tolls shall be lealed or demised for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the

Covenants to be refe’-ved and comprised in such Lease or Leases as the said Trustees shall think fic.

38i6

Compounding •for Tolls.

Tn.ftc.-s m.-.y r*ife M nty by Mortgage or Annuity fecuted on the Tolls.

Granting

Annuities.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, Thac ir shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to compound for any Term not exceeding One Year ao a Time, with any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for any Carriages, Horses, Beads, or Cattle travelling on the said Road, for ail or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Carriages, Hoifes, Beads, or Cattle, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in advance Quarterly, or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and in Default the Composition shall be void.

LXVII. And be it fut ther enacted, That the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpike-Gates which shall be then erected in pursuance of this Aid, and inlcrted Twice at the lead in One or more of the Ntwlpapers published or circulated within the County of Surrey, shall and may and they are hereby empowered from Tim* to Tinm to borrow and take up at Intered, or by way of Annuity, in Manner herein-after mentioned, or in any other Manner that may be from Time to Time agreed on at a General Meeting of the Subscribers and Creditors under this Act, of which Meeting like Notice shall be given, and at which Two Thirds at lead in Value of all the said Subscribers and Creditors, shall give their Assent to the Manner promoted, such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think needful for the Execution of this Act, and for that Purpose by any Writing or Inflrumer.t UDder their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls to be collected and levied at any of the said Turnpikes or Weighing Engine*, or any Part thereof respectively, and also the respective Toil Houses, Weighing Engines, and Appurtenances (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls), for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of such respective foils, to such Person or Persons, or his or their Trudee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Payment thereof with such Intend, or to secure the Payment of such Annuity or Annuities (as the Case may be) as the said Trustees shall think proper, which said Money so borrowed shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act. ,

LXVIII. And whereas many Persons may choose to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to be secured upon and payable ouc of the said Tolls and Rates; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Trusters or their Treasurer, for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable for any Term or Terms of Years, or other Time not exceeding the Term of this Act, and determinable with such Life or Lives, as shall be nominated determined by the said Contributors on Payment of their Contributions* or otherwise at any. earlier Period than the Expiration of the Lid Term; all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Tolls and Rates by two equal half-yearly Payments, the fird Payment to be made to the respective Purchasers or their Assigns at the Expiration of the fird Half-year after the Payment of their respective Purchase Money.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

3817

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That such Mortgage or Mortgages, and the Grants of such Annuities respectively, may be in the Forms fol-sowing, or in such other Forms as the said Trustees making the same shall think proper:

‘ T> Y virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of Form of

* His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Mortgage.

* Title of this AT] We of the Trustees for putting the said Act

‘ in Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of to the

* Treasurer of the said Road in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and 4 dcmife, unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such 4 Proportion of the Tolls arising from the said Road, and of the Turn- pikes. Toll Houses and Weighing Engines for collecting the fame,

* as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the Whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof, to be had and holden

* from this Day of in the Year of our Lord

* for and during the Continuance

4 of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest, at

the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner

‘ paid and satisfied.’

4 12 Y virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of Form of A*-

* His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, J here set forth the nulty'

4 Title of this Al73 We of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of 4 to the Treasurer of the said Road in Hand paid, ^io grant, bargain, and 4 fell unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Aifigus, One An.

nuity or yearly Sum of to be paid him, his Executors,

4 Administrators, and Afilgns, for and during and unto the End of 4 Years from the Day of th^ Date of these Presents, by Half-yearly Payments on the pay of and the Day of

4 in every Year, if of . being now of the Age of shall so long live; and for further securing the

4 Payment of the fame, do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and dcmife unto 4 the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Afiians, such P10-

* portion of the Tolls arising frotp the said Road, and of the Turnpikes,

4 Toll Houses, and Weighing, Engines for coJkfting the fayne, as the said Sum of , doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

due on the Credit thereof, ro be had and holden from this

4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, if the said

* shall so long live.

And Copies of all such Mortgages and Grants shall be entered in a Book Tobcentered. or Books to he kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and which Bt ok and Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be peruied and mlpected by (he said Trustees, Mortgagees, or Annuitants, or any of them, or any Person or Persons on their Behalt, without Fee or Reward; and every Person 10 whom any Mori gage shall MortEaEei be made, or Annuity granted as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the anJ Annuities Money thereby feenred, may from Time ro Time transfer his or her twn>*

Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal end Interest thereby secured, or to such Annuity respectively, to any other Pei fOn pr Persons whomsoever, by Indorlcntent on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing under his or her Hands, before [Loc. & Per.] 42 M One

38,8

Form of Transler.

Tobe entered.

-*A.lo ratal

Siineyorsmtty make Cause-ways, cut Diains, and make temporary Roads, &c.

-fcsulrwsrf oT

csiliunrtA uii: ad yarn •bam:

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

One credible Witness, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effectj

(ihat is toTayJ,

‘ T Do transfer this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, or, this Annuity,

* or, a certain Annuity, as the Case may be~\ with all my Right anti

* Title to the Principal thereby secured, and to all Interest now due upon

* the fame [or, to the Annuity, and all Arrears now due thereon] unto

‘ his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

* Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand

* Ei-,ht hundred and

« " ‘ A. BJ

Which Transfer shall be protluced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Two Calendar Months after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, and Names of the Parties, and Su.m$ of Money, or Amount of Annuity therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle.such AHignee, I.is, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thceof, and the Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so loties qutlies; and it shall not be in the Power or any Person or Persons (except the Person co whom the same shall be last transferred) to make void, relcjfe, or discharge the original Securities or Money thereby due, or any Part thereof; an,d all Persons to whom any such Mortgage, Grant of Annuity, or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be, in proproiion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned. Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted in equal degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in resptft to the Priority of the Time of Advance of any Sum or Sums of Money on such Mortgage or Mortgages, or Grant or Grants of Annuity, dr of the Dates thereof respectively. ,

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed by the said Trof-tees to make or cause to be made causeways or Footways (such causeways er Footways not to exceed Ten Feet in Width) in and upon each Side of the said Road, and also to make cr cause to be made a Road through the Grounds adjoining any narrow or ruinous Parc or Parts of the said Road, or Btidgeor Bridges, to be made use of by allPaftengers, Cattle, and Carriages, and otherwise asa public Highway, whilst the oldnarrow and ruinous Road, or Bridge or Bridges, or any Part thereof, is widening and repairing, an4 until it shall be convenient and life for Passengers and Carriages to pals thereon, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the O whers arid Occu-piets of such Grounds respectively whereon such Arches shall be erected, of through which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may fuftaitv tjiereby, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees-, and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, then the same shall be settled and adjusted1 by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Surrey, tin like Manner as is herein-befctre provided in respect of Linds, Tenements,1 i tit77 itri ,vit ' orl

V/U it*

3819

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 186.

or Hereditament* to be purchased or employed for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXI. And whereas Provision is herein made for the making of Open- Drains maybe ings by collateral and cross Streets’or Roads into the said intended Road; "re'tfinrothe be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and main Drain-for ail and every or any Person or Persons possessing any Land or Ground near or contiguous to the said intended Road, and upon which Land or Ground any such Opening by such collateral and cross Streets or Roads may be made into the said intended Road, by and with the Consent and under the Inspection and Direction and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Sewrrs, for the Limits extending from Enji Moulsey in the County of Surrey to Ruvcujbourne in the County of Kent, to make and conftrtnft any collateral Sewer or Drain or Sewers or Drains in and along such collateral Streets or Roads to communicate with such Main Sewer or Drain; and such Person or Persons shall pay and defray all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the fime and of restoring any Part of the (aiu intended Road which may be broken up for that Purpose.

LXXIL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Directions t the fttd Trustees from Time to Time to direct and appoint the Line, Pofi- to Water non, and Situation of any Water-pipe or Main to be laid down or placed i>ipc’' by any Water Company, into or along the said Road, or to raise, fink, or alter the Postion of any Water-pipes or Mains already laid down or to be laid down, or otherwise to alttr the Postion of any Leaden or other Pipe or Pipes already laid down, or to be laid down or placed for the Purpose of conveying Water inroany House, Area, or other Place within or appertaining to the said Line of Road; and that all Expences attending the piking up, altering, or replacing the same shall from Time to Time be defrayed by the said Trustees under this Act; and that when and as often as any such Water-pipes, Mains, or Branches of any such Leaden or other Pipe as aforesaid, shall happen to break, burst, or decay within the said Line of Road, the Water Company or Companies, or Person or Persons to whom such Water-pipes, Mains, or Branches, or Leaden or other Pipes shall belong, are hereby required, within Twenty-four Hours next after Notice given in Writing to such Water Company, or Person or Persons, or other proper Officers, by any One of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or other Officer, to cauie the same to be repaired, and if the same shall not be repaired within the Space of Twenty-fours Hours after such Notice given, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause such Water-pipes, Mains, or Branches, or Leaden or other Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and all the Expences incurred thereby shall be reimbursed to the said Trustees by the Water Company or Companies, or Person or Persons to whom such Water-pipes, or Mains, or Branches, or Leaden or other Pipes shall belong; and that when and as often as any Part of the said Road shall be taken up for the Purpose of raising any such Water-pipes, or Mains, or Branches, or any such Leaden or other Pipes laid down or placed for the Purpose of carrying Water into any House, Area, or other Place as aforesaid, such Road shall be reinstated and made good by the said Trustees, and the Expences attending the lame shall be reimbursed to the said Trust.es by the Water Company or Companies, or Person or Persons to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong.

3820

Power to t»ke Gravel Out of Waste

Grounds, etc.

Wot to dig Gravel in private Ground* without the Consent of Owner or Occupier.

For removing Annoyances.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

LXXIII, Anti be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Survejors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other such Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or for the Purposes of this Act, in or out of any Rber or Brook, or cut of any Moor, Wade, or Common Grounds in any Parish or Place in which any Part of the said Road doth or shall lie, without paying any thing for such Materials, such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled all Holes and Pits, or otherw.fe causing the same to be raised or fenced off where or from whence any such Materials shall be dug, gathered, or taken away, in such Manner as that the same shall not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers whatsoever, and paying for the Damages occasioned by going over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lands or Roads, for or wi'h such Materials as are herein mentioned; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damage so occasioned, the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions, or at the Second General Quarter Sessions, at thefarthelt, to beholden for the said County of Surrey, shall and may adjudge and determine the fame, which Determination shall be final.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, their Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall not be authorized, permitted, or suffered, nor shall any thing herein contained, authorize, permit, or suffer, or be construed, or taken to authorize, permit, or suffer the said Trustees, their Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or for the Purposes of this Act, in, from, or out of any private Grounds of any Person or Persons whomiotver, without the Consent of the Owner and Occupier fer the Time being of such respective Ground, for that Purpose first had and obtained, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees, to remove all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Encroachments on or by the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road by any Erediort whatsoever, within Thirty Feet of the Middle of the said Road, other than Buildings already erected and built, or an open Palisade in front of the Houses yn the Side of the said Road, not exceeding Six Feet in Height, or by Timr her, Stone, or Carriage?, or by any Water-Troughs, Tubs, or other Things! for watering Horses or Cattle, or for any other Purpose, or by Saw-pits, Hovels, Allies, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, or by the laying qr placing Goods, Watcs, or Merchandize, or other Matters or Tnfhgs in from of any of the said Houses within Thirty Feet of the Middle of the said Road, so as to obstrud the Free Passage along the Footpaths on the Sides of the said Road, and also to abate and remove all Nuisances within One hundred Yards of the said Road, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running along, into, or out of tire Lid Road, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining or near thereto, a and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186. ' 3821

and make the same as deep and large as they shall think neceflfiry, and to cut down, lop or top any Trees, Branches, or Bullies (Timber Trees excepted) growing on the said Road or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, and to take and carry away the fame respectively, and riifpose thereof for the Purposes of this Act, and to cut and reduce all such Hedges to the Heighc of Five Feet.

LXXVI. And, for the more effectually preventing the Commiluon of Penalty on Nuisances in or near to the said Road by the calling or throwing Night- t^error"""

Soil thereon or within Two hundred Yards thereof, be it further enacted, Night-SoU, That if any Person or Persons whosoever, (save and except Persons who &c-"P°n t|ie have before used and followed the Trade of Nightmen, who may continue 1 to use any Place or Places which they have heretofore uled for that Purpose,) shall from and after One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, throw, raft, lay, or permit or suffer to be thrown, call, or laid, any Night-Soil in or upon the said intended Road, or any Part thereof, or into the Drains and Watercourses belonging thereto, or within Two hundred Yards of the said Road, every such Person, being thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, or by his, her, or their own Confession, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds over and abeve the Charge of removing such Nuisancej and the said Surveyor and Surveyors is and are hereby authorized ro remove all such Night-Soil, and to procure a proper and suitable Place and Layftall for carting and depositing the same.

LXXVII. And, for the moreeafily discovering and effectually punirtiing the Offender or Offenders so throwing, carting, or laying such Night-Soil on the said Road as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That in all such Cases the Owner or Owners of the Cart, Carriage, or other Vehicle whatsoever, which shall be used for bringing and carting such Night-Soil, shall be deemed and considered to be a Person or Persons throwing, carting, and laying the fame, and as well as the Person and Persons who shall actually drive or carry the Cart, Carriage, or other Vehicle so bringing and carting such Night-Soil, shall be subject and liable to the Penalty hereby imposed: Provided always, that in case the Owner or Owners of any Cart, Carriage, or other Vehicle as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage by reason of any wilful Neglect or Default done or committed by his, her, or their Servant, such Servant shall be liable to repay such Penalty or Satisfaction to such Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment upon Demand thereof by him, her, or them, of such Penalty or Satisfaction, and Oath being made that the fame hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, by such Servant (such Oath to be made before One Justice of the Peace), the fame Penalty and Satisfaction shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Dirtrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Servant, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the said Penalty and Satisfaction, when recovered, shall be paid to such Owner or Owners in Discharge of such Penalty and Satisfaction; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Servant cannot be found to answer such Dirtrefs, then such Justice is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Servant to be apprehended and brought [Loc. S35 Per.J 42 N before

Owners of Carrs conveying: Night Soil, liable to Penalty for carting the lame.

Owners to recover back from their Servant < any Sum paid for their Neglect, See.

38 22

Penalty on

suffering new Sinks, &c. to be run into the Roads.

Against drawing Timber, fcc.

Power to Collectors to detain transieat Offenders.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 186.

before him the said Justice, and in case such Penalty and Satisfaction, and the Costs of such Proceeding as aforesaid, shall not be forthwith and immediately paid, such Justice is hereby required forthwith to commit such Servant to the House of Coriection for the County of Surrey, there to remain without Baii or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty and Satisfaction, and such Costs and Charges, as aforesaid, shall be sooner paid, or unless such Servant (Ball have compounded for such Penalty and Satisfaction, Costs and Charges, with such Owner or Owners, and paid such Composition, which such Owner and Owners is and are hereby empowered to make and accept.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, make, fink, or dig, or cause to be made, fur.k, or dug, any new Sinks or Drains, and shall suffer or permit such Sinks or Drains to run into the said Road, or shall throw, call, or lay any Dull, Dirt, Allies, Rubbish, Dung, or other Filth or Annoyances in or upon the said Road or into ihe Drains and Watercourses belonging thereto, every such Person or Persons being thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, or by his, her, or their own Confession, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace lor the County of Surrey, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for every such Offence , over and above the Charges of (topping up such new-made Sinks or Drains, and removing such Filth or Annoyances, which the said Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby authorized to Hop up and remove; and all the said Forfeitures, as well as the Charges of (topping up and removing such Annoyances, (which Charges any Seven or more of the said Trustees are hrreby empowered to settle and ascertain), shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, (who is and are hereby authorized and required to grant the fame), directed to the Constable or other Peace Officer for the same Parish where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after all Charges paid, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and in Default of Distress, or Nonpayment of the said Forfeitures and Charges, the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the Common Gaol by any Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize lor any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months: Provided always nevertheless, that all and every Person or Persons so committed shall, upon Payment of such Forfeitures and all Charges, be immediately released from his or their Confinement.

LXXIX. And be it further enactrd, That if any Person or Persons shall draw or cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel-Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to ding or trail upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXX. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers

4

3823

49° GEORGII III. Cap.\$b.

Officers under this Act, be it further enacted, Tint it shill be lawful for the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and to convey him, her, or them before atiy One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Convictmn or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and on such Conviction, or for want of such Efficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons lo offending to the House of Correction for the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such respective Offence or Offences, or (half give such Security as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person shall be detained in Prifotl for any such Offence for a longer Space of Time than Two Calendar Months.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any particular Part of the said Road, or any Bridge, Drain, and Sewer, being tn and upon the said Road, which hath been accufton.ed and ought to be rcpaiied and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, by real'on of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or otherwise, or by the County, or by any Parish, Towrtship, or Piacc, every such Part of the said Road, Bridge, Drain, or Sewer, shall from Time to Time continue to be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, County, Parish, Town-ffiip, or Place, and in such Manner as the lame were respectively maintained and kept in Repair before the passing of this Act, except in Cases where it is otherwise provided for by this Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time during the Continuance of this Act, to compound and agree with all or any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Parish, Township, Tything, or Place, who is, are, or shall be liable or chargeable for or towards repairing any particular Part of the said Road, or any of the Bridges, Drains, or Sewers in or upon the fame (except the Bridges liable to be repaired by the County, which shall con-tirue to be repaired as heretofore), for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think fit, in lieu of such particular Works or Repairs to be done by such particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Township or Townships, Tything, or Place as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the ancient or former Road over any Waste Grounds shall by virtue of this Act be turned or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Parish, Township, or Hamlet wherein the ancient or former Road which shall be thereby left 01 discontinued lieth, shall not be obliged to repair such ancient or former Road unless the fame leads to some Town, Village, or Hamlet, Street, or Place with which the said new Road doth not communicate.

Persons liable to rcpa.r Bridges, he-to continue so.

Trustees may compound for such Work.

When former Road need not be repaired. Parties not compellable thereto.

3§24

Persons chargeable to Statute Work to continue

ib.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. iSb.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are liable to do Statute Work on any Part of the Roads within the Parishes, Townships, or Places through which the said Road or any Part thereof pafies, shall be liable to do the fame on the said Road; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Wortc shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Twenty-one Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subjrft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways j and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and on lucii Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint j and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of thtj respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered 5 and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the De(au!t of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effrft lor the Repair of the public Highways j and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer or shall 3 bc

49° GEORG 11 HI. C% 186. 3S25

be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road shall be found idle er negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said 1 ruf-tees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person fending such Labourer,

Team or Draught, shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Trustrenmay to and for the said Trullees to compound and agree with any Person or stiTuteWo!^ Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for such Parishes or Places, duly authorized for that Purpose at a Public Vestry, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the First Day of March, in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Composition Remedy for Money agreed to be paid in lieu of any Statute Work, or Days Work Non-payment of the Inhabitants of any Parish or Place wherein the said Road" doth or shall lie, or in lieu of Repairs to be done to Bridges, Drains, Sewers, or other Parts of the said Road, by any Person or Persons chargeable therewith as aforesaid, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days next after the same shall become payable, according to such Agreement or Composition, to the Person or Persons whom such Trustees shall authorize to receive the fame, then it shall and may be lawful for One Justice of the said County of Surrey, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower the Person or Persons so authorized by the said Trustees to receive such Composition Money (Oath being first made that the fame has been demanded and remains unpaid, which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or of the said County, or other Person or Persons so having reipeflively compounded either for such Statute or Days Work, or for such Repairs to be done to such Bridges, Drains, Sewers, or other [Loc. b5 Peri] 4.2 0 Parts

3?i6

Reimbursing

Surveyors.

Fixing Mfle toner, Lamps etc.

T/atchmen-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

Parts of the said Road, returning the Overplus (if any) after such Charges of Distress and Sale are first deducted, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of and for such Parish or other Place for which any such Composition shall be made as aforesaid, shall pay the said Composition Money, or in case the said Composition Money shall be levied on him or them in the Manner herein-before provided, all and every such Surveyor and Surveyors shall and may be reimbursed the Composition Money he or they shall so pay, or which shall be levied on him cr them, together with the Charge of levying the fame, in such Manner as by Law Surveyors of the Highways of this Kingdom are to be reimbursed the Money by them expended in buying Materials for amending the Highways.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trulfees and they are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to cause such and so many Miie-Stonrs or other Stones for marking the several Distances on the said Road, from and to any Place or Places, as the said Trustees shall see fit and convenient, and also from Time to Time’ to cause such and lo many Lamp-Irons or Lamp-Polls to lie put up or affixed in, upon, or along the Sides of the said Road, or within Ten Feet of any Part or Parts of the said Road, or upon or against any Wall or Palil'ade of any House, Messuage, or Tenement fronting on the said Road as they shall think proper, and also to cause such Number of Lamp; of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed or put upon such Lamp-Irons and Lamp-polls as they shall think necessary for lighting the said Road, and every or any Part thereof; and shall also have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to contract with any Person or Persons for providing, lighting, maintaining, cleansing, and repairing the said Lamps, and the Expences of providing the said Mile-Stones or Measuring-Stones; and of providing, cleansing, lighting, and maintaining such Lamps, and the Allowances to be made for Watchmen herein-after to be appointed; and all other Charges incident to the said respective Services shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be empowered, and they are hereby required, from Time to 'lime as they shall judge proper, to appoint such Number of able-bodied Men to be armed and clothed in such Manner as the said Trustees (halt direct, to be employed as Watchmen or Patroles upon the said Road, and within One hundred Feet of any Part or Parts of the said Road and Way, or any Part thereof, which Watchmen and Patroles shall attend at such Times and Places, and perform such Duty, as the said Trustees shall direct and appoint; and the said Trustees shall and may cause to be erected or provided Watch-Boxes, Benches, or other Requisites for such Watchmen and Patroles, at such Places upon the said Road, and within One hundred Feet of any Part or Farts of the said Road, as they shall judge necessary; and the said Trustees shall and may also appoint a Person or Persons to be Night-Constable or Night-Constables who shall attend and go along the

lame

49° GEORG I1 III. Cap. 186. 382

fime Road, and within One hundred Feet of any Part or Parts of the fai J Road, at such Time and Times anil in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct; and the said Trustees may from Time to Time remove any of the said Night-Constables, and Watchmen, and Patroles, and appoint others in their Room, or in the Room of Rich as shall die gr refuse to serve in such respective Capacities; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered from Time to Time to make Rich Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the better governing of the Watchmen and Patroles, and Night-Conilibles, as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

XC. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and ci..,ndn!, for the said Trustees from Time to Time to contract with any Person or streets. Persons for cleansing the Streets, Squares, Passages, and other Places along the Sides of the said Road, and within Onediundreti Feet thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and out of the jurisdiction of anyot' cr Person or Persons already appointed for Rich Purposes; and the said Person or Persons so contracted with Hull on Tuesday and Friday in every Week, or oftener, bring or cause to be brought Carts or other proper Carriages into all the fare!'Streets, Squares, Tallages, and other Places within the Limits aforesaid, where Rich Carts or Carriages can pass, and at or before their Approach, by Sound of Bell, or with an audible and distinct Voice, give Notice to the Inhabitants of their coming, and give the like Notice in any' Court, Alley, or Place within the Limits aforesaid into which the said Carts or Carriages cannot pass, and shall abide and stay a convenient Time near the said Places rdpedively, to the Intent that all Persons concerned may bring forth their respective Dull, Dirt, Rlhes, Filth, and Soil to the Doors of their Houses or other Premises, all which the said Person or Persons so contracted with shall take and carry or cause to be taken and carried away; and the said Person or Persons so contracted with shall sweep. or cause to be swept all the said Streets, Squares, Passages, and other Places within the Limits aforesaid, and carry or cause to be carried away the Dirt and Soil out of the fame at leal! Twice in every Week, under the Penalty of Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to the removing or carrying away any Dust,

Dirt, Allies, Filth, Soil or Rubbish occasioned by the carrying on and exercising any Trade, Manufacture, or Business whatsoever.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Turnpikei, and every the Gates, Bus, Turnpikes, Toil-houses, Mile-Stones, and the"Traitce'" Measuring-Stones, and Polts, Srorehouses, Rooms, Sheds, Carts, Engines, Materials for repairing Pavements, Polls, Rails, Implements, Uten-fils, and Things whatsoever, which may hereafter belong to the said Road, or which shall be continued, ertded, and set up or provided by the said Trustees, or by their Order, or otherwise belonging to and used by them for putting this Act in Execution; and also the Right and Property of all Rich Lamps as shall be erected or fixed in pursuance of this Act, with the Polls, Iron, and other Furniture and Materials of such Lamps; and also the Right and Property of all the Arms and Accoutrements of the Watchmen and Patroles, and of all Watch-houses, or Boxes,

Benches, Implements, and Things to be provided for the said Watchmen and Patroles, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to dispose of the fame for the Use and Benefit of the said

5^28 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

said Road, as they shall think fit, and to bring Actions, and to prefer and prosecute with Eft'eft Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall secrete, injure, damage, or dispose of the fame, or any of theni respectively, to their own Use or Uses, or shall disturb them the said Trustees, or their Surveyors or other Persons acting under them, in the Possession of the Property thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, deface, or damage any of the said Mile-Stones or Measuring-Stones, or Polls, or any of the Watch-houses, Boxes, Benches, or other Requisites to be provided as aforesaid, for the Purpose of watching the said Road, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to cause him, her, or them, to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accuied shall be convicted of all or any of the Offences afoi e-said, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence to the Trustees for the Time being, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, and shall also make Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay such Forfeitures, and make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the nearest Bridewell or House of Correction for the said County of Surrey, theie to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days.

Penalty for XcII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

damaging wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage or destroy any of the said

Lamps, etc. Lamps which shall be so continued or erected by the said Trustees, or any of the Ports, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or take away or throw any of the Oil from or out of the said Lamps, orextinguish any of the said Lamps when lighted, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, within his or their Jurisdiction, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Oath made of the committing of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties accused; or it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall fi-e such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of rh;s Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the Cutlody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Surrey where the Offence shall be committed, or the Party offending taken to be dealt with as herein-after is directed; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before such Justice, on Oath being made before him that such Party or Parties cannot be found and apprehended, such justice shall proceed to examine u, on Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shal. appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party or

Parties

3829

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

Parties accuseti shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Lamp and Oil so broken, damaged, destroyed, taken away, thrown out, or extinguished as aforesaid; and for the Second Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and for the Third and every other subsequent Offence, the Sam of Forty Shillings; and full Satisfaction shall also be made to the said Trullees, or to their Surveyor, by such Often-der or Offenders for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction for the County where the Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and if any Person shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage, destroy, take away, or walte any of the said Lamps or Oil, or any of the Poll*, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to their Surveyor, for the Damage by such Perfufi so done, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint, to be made by the said Trullees, or by their Surveyor, to furnmon the Party complained of, and upon his or her Appearance, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the fame was left at his or her Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if known, so that he or she could not be found) such JulEce shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and ordet such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of for the Da nage so by him or her done as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable; and shall cause the Sum so awarded, (in case the fame be not pa'd orthwith, upon makhg of such Award and Order) to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the Charges of pro-ferating such Complaint and of such Dirtrefs and Sale shall be deducted; and in case fnfffcient Distress cannot be found, such Justice shall commit the Party complained of to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County where the Offence shall have been committed until he or she shall pay the Sum so awarded, or for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trullees shall and may For watejCjn* when and as often as they shall think proper, order and canfe to be watered the Road, so much and such Parts of the said Road, and at such Time or Times, as they shall think proper, and shall for that Purpol'e have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to dig and fink such Wells on the said Road, and to erett such Pumps, and to purcnafeor cause to be made such Machines,

Carts, or Engines, and to purchase* such Horses as shall be necessary for [Lee. (if Per.\ 4-2 P watering.

33-3°

Trustees iriy take a Night-TUll.

(Coach Stai.ds.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

■watering, or to contract with any Person or Persons for watering so much of the said Road as they the said Trustees shall chink fit.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the better to enable *he Ltd Trustees to light and watch the said intended Road, it shall and may he lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons by them dult authorized to demand, have, receive, and take, at any Turnpike-Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars to be erected in pursuance of this AG, f >in the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifih Day of March in every Year, both Days inclusive, after Sunset in one D'y until Sun-rising of the next Day, over and above such Toils or Duti-s as are before granted by this Act, the Tolls or Duties following (that is to say);

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Hearse, Chaise-Marine, Chanot, Cutricle, Chaise, Chair, Pleasure-Cart, or any other Carriage (<-> ept Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Drays ufsd for Husbandry and Carnage of Goods, and not of Pleasure) drawn by Six Horses, or other Cart e, the Sum of Four-penc. Halfpenny; and drawn by Three, Four, or Five Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Three-pence; and dray by Two Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two-pence;

For every Chaise, Chair, or Pleasure-Cart, with Three or Four ' s, drawn by One or Two Horses, or other Came, the Sum o pence:

For every Chaise, Chair, or Pleasure-Cart with Two Wheels, , y

One Horse, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden c<r unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny.

Which said Tolls or Duties shall be respectively paid before an- such Cattle or Carriage as aforesaid hereby made subject and liable there o shall be permitted to pass any such Turnpike-Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars as aforesaid, and the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they hail authorize and appoint, shall have the fame Powers, Air.horities, and Remedies for demanding, collecting, recovering, and levying the To' and Duties hereby made payable, and the fame 'lolls shall be subject to the fame Restrictions in respect of the said Tolls and Duties being pa d above once in a Day, and in respect of their not being payable on the Day or Days of Election of a Knight of the Shire of the said County of Surrey, as are herein-before given, prescribed, or contained, for demanding, collecting, recovering, and levying, or not Jevying the Toils hereby granted and given, ail which 1 aft-mentioned Tolls and Duties are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for such Uses, Intents ojr Purposes as are hereby directed or appointed, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. t

XCV. And, for the avoiding of Accidents and Inconveniences by the irregular (landing of Coaches and other Carriages in or near the said Road, be ii f> tther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said 1 ruf-tets font 'lime to Time as they shall feeOccasion, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for licensing Hackney-Coaches, to make such Orders for regulating the (landing of Coaches and other Carriages in or near the said Road, and for the ascertaining and fixing, altering ard removing the fla ding of Coaches and other Carriages in or near the said Road,

or

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186. 3831

or any Part thereof, as to the said Trustees, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall seem fit and proper, for the Safety and Convenience of all Persons passing and re-passing thereon; and if any Person driving or having the Care of any Hackney-Coach, or of any other Coach or Carriage, shall refuse or neglect to conform to such Orders and Regulations, and be thereof convicted, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XCVI. And be it further cnafter], That the said Trustees shall and xrustees may they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, at any make Co«-of their said Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to contract and agree with traots" any fit Person or Persons, Artificers, Workmen and others, for the making of all and every or any Part of the Work or Business to be done in and about the making, repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining, pa-ving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and watering the Road herein-before described, and also for paving, repairing, amending, railing, lowering, and altering the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act, and for the doing of all other Matters and Things authorized and directed to be done and performed by this Act, or for the supplying any of the Materials for the fame, which Contract or Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of the Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by Five or more of the said Trustees, and also by the Person or Persons contradting to perform such Works respectively, which Contradls or a Copy thereof shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; but previous to the making any such Contradls Fourteen Days Notice at the lead shall be given in One or more public Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated in the County of Surrey as aforesaid, expelling the Intention of entering into such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Trustees at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty o« shall assault, interrupt, hinder or disturb the Collectors of the Tolls, or faulting any of them, or the Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors or any Person ° Qiri’ *" or Persons employed by him or them, or any other Person or Persons whomloevei employed by the said Trustees in the Execution of any Part of this Act, every such Person (ha 1 for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ferty Sh, Rings.

XCVIII. And be it further declared and enacted, That nothing in this saving the Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to pre- Rights of the judice, dimtri H, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or of’^wef.^f* Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers, from the Limits ex- Surrey and tending from East Moulsey in the County of Surrey to Raverjborne in the Ken4, County of Kent, but that all the Rights, Powers, and Authorities verted in them shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if this Act had not beetv made.

3^3

Not to affect the Powers of Trufltres of ■Certain Turnpike Itoads.

Act net to

affect the PowerrfCom-mitfioners of the B rough Pavements.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. ifi6.

XCIR. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this AtI conta:ned shall extend or be construed to extend to give to or invest the said Trullees or any other Person or Persons whoml’oever with any Right, Power, or Authority which may at all interfere with the Rights, Powers, Author-ties, or Provisions heretofore granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Dialing, widening, and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Pa-rifloes o/Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bennondsey, and Christ Church in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads-, and by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christ Church in the County a/Surrev, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; and also ot an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealin'* an Act passed in the "Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those, Purposes; and also of an Act passed in the said Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majestyfor repairing the Roads leading fresh the Stones End in Kent Street in the Parish of Saint George Southwark to Dartiord, and other Roads therein mentioned in the Counties of Rent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching or guarding the fame, and also for increasing the Completion payable in lieu cf Statute Duty by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint P*ul Deptford to the Treafwerof the said Roads,

C. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give to or invert: the said Trustees or any other Person or Persons whomsoever with any Right, Power, or Authority which may at all interfere with the Rights, Powers, and Authorities heretofore granted by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Tards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein-,'send by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,.An. Ad to explain and amendfo much of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers, and for regulating the Manner of taxing Churches and other publick Buildings within the Limits of the said Act; and also of ail Act passed in the 1'wenty-eighth Yen- of the Reign of His present. Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for paving the Streets and Lancs within the To , n and Borough o/Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and aijo the Courts, Tards, Alleys, and

i O Passages

4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. 186. 3833

Pajf-ges adjoining thereto, and fcr preventing Annoyances therein, to open.

•widen, and better regulate the fever a I Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East Division in the Jdid Act deferibsd; and also of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Regn of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act fi r altering and amending an Act passed in the Sixth T;ar of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough s/'Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Tards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, so far as the fame relates to the Weft Division thereof, as therein mentioned.

Cl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may compenf tion be lavvlul to and for the said Trustees and they are hereby authorized and to be made to empowered, by and out of the Monies to arise and be received under and s!unt M.iry01 by virtue of this Act, to pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwardens Newington, and Overseers of the Parlh of Saint Mary Newington in the said County jjJte|>>ar of Surrey, and their Successors, Churchwardens and Overseers for the Time being; such annual Sum or Sums of Money as are now payable for Parochial Rates by and from such House or Houses in the said Parish as shall be pulled clown by or under the Authorities or for the Purposes of this Act, as an Equivalent for the Loss the said Parish may sustain by the Non-payment of the said Rate or Rates for the said House or Houses so pulled down as aforesaid; and they the said Churchwardens and Overseers and their Successors may and are hereby fully authorized and empowered from Time to Time annually to demand, recovtr, and receive the same of and from the said Trustees as an Equivalent and in lieu of such Rate or Rates payable as aforesaid: Provided also, that when and so loon as a fulH.ient Number of Houses shall be erected and built on the Sides of the uid intended Road, and shall be rated in the said Parish of Saint Mary Newington, and the Rates thereof amount to as much Money as the Houses before mentioned to have been pulled down were rated at, that then and from thenceforth the Equivalent above mentioned and directed to be paid by the said Trustees to the said Churchwardens and Overseers and their Successors as aforesaid, shall cease and be no longer payable; and that when and lb fton as any House or Houses shall be built and the Raves thereon not sufficient to answer the la»d Equivalent, that then the said Churchwardens and Overseers and iheir Successors as aforesaid, shall allow and give Credit to the said Trustees for so much Money as shall be received in respect of the Parochial Rates from such House or Houses, in discharge of the said Equivalent, as far as the fame will extend, they the said Trustees paying and being liable to pay the Remainder of the said Equivalent.

C1I. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Recovery nd Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (if the Manner of pfn^["s°" levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise directed), shall Koiieitur-i." upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offenders shall be and reside, or the Offences shall be committed, either by the Confetijon of the Party or Farties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witr.estes, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hands and Srals of such Justices, which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered to grant for those Pur [Loc. Per.J 42 9^ poses.

3834 49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 186

poses, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and" the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, fli.ll be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or levied, (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, and applied in the Repairs of the said Road; and in cale sufficient Distress (halt not be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace ns aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant c r Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

Power to gtve CIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be :rt ^or k'd Trustees from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures or any of them, to or for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons (not being a Witness or Witnesses) taking or seizing, or assisting therein, or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

•Manner of JJif.rds.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Distress which shall be taken by virtue of this Act for any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due and unpaid for or in respect of any Tolls, Duties, Compositions, Rates, ChaTges, or otherwise (except for Penalties and Forfeitures as aforesaid), every such Distress shall and may be kept and detained for the Space of Four Days from the Time of taking thereof, unless the Sum or Sums for which such Distress shall be so taken, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the fame, be sooner paid; and after the Expiration of the said Four Days it shall be lawful for the said Person or Persons making such Distress to sell and dispose of the fame, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners thereof on Demand, after such Sum or Sums of Money for which such Distress had been so made, with the reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress, shall be deducted and paid.

Power to fot- CV. And be it further enacted, That where any Penalties or Forfei-i w Defaulters tures, Tolls, Rates, Compositions, Duties or other Sum or Sums of Money Counties? are by this Act directed to be levied by Warrant of Distress, in case of Non-payment, and sufficient Distress cannot be found within the County of Surrey, then upon Oath made before any Justice of the Peace of any. other County or Place where sufficient Distress may be found, of the Handwriting of the Justices of Surrey set to such Warrant (which Oath the said Justice of such other County or Place is hereby empowered and req red to administer), such Justice shall and he is hereby required to indorse his Name on such Warrant, and then the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons agair.ft whom such Warrant shall be issued shall be subject and liable to such Distress in such other County or Place where the same shall or may be found, and may by virtue of such Warrant and Inducement be distrained and sold by the Person or Persons bringing such

Warrant,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i 86. 3^35

Warrant, or to whom such Warrant shall have been originally directed, in the same Manner as if such Goods and Chattels had been found in the said County of Surrey.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Mode of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Surrey next after such Cause of Complaint shall arise, unless the same shall arise within Fourteen Days preceding such Sessions, in which Cafe such Appeal may be brought at the Second Sessions after such Cause shall arise, and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine such Complainc or Complaints, and shall and may if they fee Cause, by Order of such Sessions, mitigate at their Discretion all or any Part of the Penalties or Forfeitures laid upon or incurred by the Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to levy by their Order or Warrant such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the fame, and for want of sufficient Distress to commit such Person or Persons to some common Gaol in or for the said County of Surrey, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs: Provided always, that the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall, and he, ffie, and they are hereby required to give Notice in Writing to the Clerk to the Trustees of the said Roads, of such his, her, or their Intention of bringing or prosecuting such Appeal Fourteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall before such Notice given enter into a Recognizance before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Twenty Pounds,! with Condition to prosecute such Appeal, and to pay all Costs, in case such Appeal be determined again!! the Party or Parties so appealing.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who For compel, shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any j"sal'^e‘re* Justice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fast contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence again!! this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person or Persons accused, or if any Person or Persons who shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, or any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Act, either upon the Part of the Appellant or Respondent, shall refuse or neg-left to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath (or in case of a Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation) and to give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, or at such Session or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cases every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.,

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Sessions,

Notice of Appeal and Re-cognizan e to prosecute the lame.

CVIII. And,

3§36

form of Con-riction.

D-stress net to be unlawiul for want of Form,

Plaintiff not

to recover if T ender of Amends made.

k

All Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

prosecutt is and Profecu-ted indemnified.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 186.

CVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders-against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cale shall happen; (that is to say),

* T? E it remembered. That on the Day of

* in the Year A.B. is con-

c vifted before C.D. One of the Justices of the Peace for the County of

* Jpec‘ff,nZ ^-e Offence, and Time and Place when and

‘ where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be.J Given under my ‘ Ffand and Seal the Day and Year first above mentioned.’

OX. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or l'ref-passers on Account of any Deleft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or in the Appointment of the Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or in any other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the said Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall happen to be done in making such Distress; but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which he, she, or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Cods, and no more, in an Action of Trespass or on the Cafe, at the Election of the Party or Parties so aggrieved.

CX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That noFlain-t'ff shall recover in any ACiiou for any Irregularity asatcresaid, if Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on the behalf of the Party or Parties distraining before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time after the said Action brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit, to the 'I inte of such last-mentioned Tender; but on Proof made of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action, the Piaintift or Plaintiffs shall fufler Judgement as in Cafe., of Nonsuit, with Double Costs, to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Cods in any other Cafe by Law.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the Trustees at their several Meetings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered, and signed by a competent Number of the Trustees (as the Case shall require), shall be deemed to be Originals; anu which laid Book or Books, and also the Book or Books to be kept for regidering the Mortgages and Annuities herein-before mentioned, shall be admitted as Evidence in alt Courts whatsoever.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this ACT under the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees, they the said Trustees shall out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act allow and pay to the Prosecutor, or such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names 5 such

3^37

49° G EOR G11 III. Cap. 186.

such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall be really and bonafide out of Pocket for or by reason of such Action or Prosecution, or any Judgement or Determination thereof; and likewise indemnify all such Persons as shall be prosecuted or have any Action or Actions brought against them for or by reason of any Thing done in pursuance of this Act under the Authority and by the Direction of the Trustees.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and every Action or Suit shall be laid, brought and tried in the County of Surrey, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action or Suit may at his or their Election plead Specially, or (he General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than the said County of Surrey, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such V< rdidt, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (had be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, and all the Powers hereby given, shall take place and have Commencement and continue from and after the passing thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Limitation of Auions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Publick Act,

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

[.hoc. & Per.]

42 R—S

SCHEDULE

3838

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 186

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Parish. County. Description. Owner. LelTVe. Occupier.

1 aint George's Southwark. Surrey Gate-way to Rope Ground John Rolls Esq Mefirs. Davidson Mefirs. Davidson.

2 ditto ditto Part of Public House St. Bartholcmew s Hospital Robert Wood Robert Wood.

ditto ditto Public ILmfe ditto ditto ditto-

ditto d tt - Stable to ditto ditto disto ditto.

ditto ditto Blacksmith’s hop ditto ditto W ilha i» Bayley.

6 ditto ditto Car. Shed ditto d.tto d tto.

7 Saint Mary's Newington ditto Dust Yard ditto - - - J Rogers.

s ditto ditto ditto ditto Arnold ditto.

ditto ditto Garden ditto David. Elliot.

10 ditto ditto ditto - - - - James bromhton.

JI d’tro ditto ditto - " George Cherry.

IS d tto di to (1 tto - - James Wh te.

13 ditto d tto ditto - - John Arnold.

ditto ditto ditto - - ditto.

15 d tto di to ditto ditto - ditto.

l6 ditto ditto ditto ditto - ditto.

J7 ditto ditto Dwelling-house and Garden in Front ditto - - Thomas (.lay.

ditto ditto ditto, and Garden ditto - Kl aabeth Wisdom.

d tto ditto ditto - ditto ditto - Elizabeth Aldridge.

20 ditto ditto ditto - ditto ditto - W iliam Bi ifiet.

21 . d tto ditto ditto - ditto ditto * Wiliam Penman.

d:tto ditto citto - dito ditto - *■ William i ordham.

24 ditto ditto Garden Ground Saint Thomas's Hospital Moseley JVlofeley.

d tto ditto dittr Ditto and Mr. Bland

26 ditto ditto dittrf Joshua Smith William Hall John Upl in.

*7 d tto ditto ditto ditto ditto-

IB ditto ditto Long Shed ditro ditto William Hall.

ditto ditto Shed ditto ditto.

3° ditto ditto Garden ditto ditto ditto.

31 ditto ditto R pe-walk and She at End ditto ditto William William?.

3* ditto d.tto ditto ditto ditto John Nollafon-

33 ditto ditto ditto ditto Garden ditto Corporation of Trinity Conner Henry Shephard.

3+ Hospital ditto d tto.

35 ditto ditto ditto and Shed Ditto and Corporation of Trinity ditto John Putley.

36 ditto ditto d tto - ditto dito ditto John Pul.ford.

37 ditto dit:o Gar'en ditto John Barnet Thomas Teltel.

3* eitto dito ditto ditto ditto John Smith.

39 ditto ditto Yard ditto John Lyons John 1 ulsford.

4° ditto ditto Dweliing-house and Garden ditto John Barnet John Smith.

ditto ditto Road —

43 ditto ditto Dwell ng-h life and Sheds ditto John Lyons John Pul ford.

44 dito ditto ditto ditto ditto Wm Wheeler.

45 d tto ditto Yard ditto ditto John Pulsfoid.

461 46/ ditto d.tto Garden and Shed ditto . Thomas Fair.

47 d tto ditto tiled ditto John Anderson.

48 ditto ditto Rope Yard ditto ditto

49 ditto ditto Shed ditto ditto

50 ditto 4 itto Dwelling house and Yarl ditto ditto W" Watts.

51 ditto ditto ditto - ditto ditto ditto Willm Thompson.

51 ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto

S3 ditto ditto ditto - ditto ditto ditto John Lake.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 186

3839

§ =

i ~ Parish. County. Description. Owner. LtflVe. Occupier.

Saint Mary's Newington Surrey Garden and Shed Claik vii 1 rs. Hucks and Harding, and Thomas Dunn Thomas Fair.

ditto ditto Yard ditto diito

56 ditto ditto Garden Corporation of Trinity ditto Thomas Dunn.

57 ditto ditto ditto ditto and ta nt Thomas’s Hospital ditto ditto

<8 ditto ditto Small Warehouse d tto Hucks and Harding Samuel Sims.

ditto ditt j Warehouse Clark ditto ditto.

60 ditto ditto Ground to - ditto ditto ditto d t'o.

6l ditto ditto Dwelling-houte ditto Tucks and Hardin*, and Thomas Dunn John Shearn.

62 d tto ditto ditto ditto ditto Sarah Blundell.

63 ditto ditto d tto ditto ditto Thoma Jone*-

ditto ditto Garden ditto ditto Sarah Blundell.

65 \ 65/ ditto ditto Tenter Ground and Workshop Corporation of Trinity ditto Thoma Hackett.

<6 ditto ditto Small Dwelling. Clark ditto —

ditto ditto ditto and Garden ditto ditto Thomas Hackett.

68 ditto ditto Shed d tto ditto

69 ditto ditto Dweiling-house d tto ditto —

70 ditto d-tto ditto d tto ditto —

ditto ditto Yard d.tto ditto —

ditto di to d tto ditto ditto Corporation of Trinity ditto ditto James Brookes

71 71 Building Dwelling-house James Henderson.

74 ditto ditto ditto ditto Charles Brett.

75 ditti* ditto ditto and Yard 1 lark Hucks and Hardicg, and i homas Bunn -

76 ditto ditto ditto d tto ditto —

77 ditto ditto T welling-house Corporation of Trin ty ditto James Brookes An Oilier.

?8 ditto ditto ditto 1 lolcombe Charles Nettleship.

79 ditto ditto ditto ( lark Hucks and Harding, and Thomas Dunn Empty.

80 ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto c'itto.

81 ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto.

81 ditto ditto ditto ditto Samuel Sims New Building.

83 ditto ditto Swan Yard Corporation of Trinity ditto 1 WilTam Wood William Wood.

84 ditto dot ’ Dweiling-house Samuel Sims Edward Bilk.

8.? ditto ditto Garden ditto ditto diito.

86 ditto ditto Stables ditto Ilolcombr Charles Nettlcship.

ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto.

88 di to ditto Swan Yard ditto William Wood Wil iam Wood.

89 ditto di to Dweiling-house ditto William Bicknell Charles Were.

9° ditto diu ditto ditto ditto John Beimel,

91 ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto Empty

9* ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto Stephen Cooper.

93 ditto diito ditto ditto ditto Ft a net jiW 1 fry ( W tdow)

94 ditto d tto ditto ditto ditto John Fofberry.

95 ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto Lloyd, Widow

96 ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto William Thorn.

97 ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto Richard i reate.

98 ditto ditto ditto ditto d tt Emntv

ditto ditto Yard ditto Dar'ey R chard t rior

loo ditto ditto ditto ditto Lord S'dmouth John Becket.

Ioi ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto

102 ditto d.tto Dweiling-house and ditto Mary Lucy James Harding.

ditto ditto Swan Inn ditto - Hulcombe harles Nettledfp.

104 ditto ditto Dwelling house and ditto Samuel Sims Samnel Sims.

105 ditto ditto Warehouse ditto ditto ditto.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 187.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Wastes in the Township of Miner a in the County of Denbigh, as subjects the Owners of certain Mines there to Damages for working the fame, and as authorizes any Person to get Stone from any Mines of Stone in the said Wastes.

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for inclosing divers Commons and Waste Lands, containing Four hundred and eighty Acres or thereabouts, in the Township of Minera, in the Parish of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh: And whereas by virtue of certain Letters Patent of His late Majesty King Charles the First, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the Eighth Day of December in the Seventh Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, the Right Honourable Robert Earl Grosvener is seised in Possession of (among other Things) all Mines of Coal, Stone, and Lead, and all Materials to make Lead, within the whole Lordships of Bromfield and Tale, in the County of Denbigh, in all Places whatsoever where Stone, Coal, and Materials to make Lead can be found within the whole Lordships aforesaid, under Ground or above Ground; and he and his I.elsees are now working Coal Mines and Lead Mines in and upon the said Commons and Wastes within the Township of Minera, within the said Lordships or One of them: And whereas prior to the passing of the said [L«r. tsf Rer.] 42 T Act,

48 G. j.

3846

So much of said Act as subjects Earl Grosvenor to Damages for working Mines and authorizes other Persons to work Quarries, repealed.

Earl Grof-▼enor may work Mines under the Wastes, as before the recited Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 187.

Act, the said Robert Earl Grosvenor and his Lessees were entitled by Law to win and work all such Mines and Minerals in or under the said Commons and Wastes, without making any Compensation for Damage or Spoil of Ground in winning and working the fame: And whereas on the Application to Parliament for the said Act, it was consented and agreed to on the Part of the Persons interested, that the said Mines and Minerals in or under the said Commons and Waste Lands, and the Right and Privilege of winning and working the fame without making any Compensation for Damage or Spoil of Ground, should be saved and reserved to the said Earl, his Heirs and Assigns, as fully and amply as he enjoyed the fame before the passing of such Act, and it was the Intention of all the Persons consenting to the said Bill, that a Provision for that Purpose should be inserted therein; but since the said Act passed, it has been discovered that the said Robert Earl Grosvenor, his Heirs and Alligns, and all other Persons working the said Mines and Minerals, are by the said Act subjected or made liable to the Payment of Satisfaction for any Damage or Injury thereby done to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, fuf-taining such Damage or Injury: And whereas it is reasonable and just that the Provision last before mentioned should be amended, conformably to the Intention of the Parties interested, more especially as the said Earl, not being Owner of the Soil of the said Commons or Wastes, nor of any Lands in the said Township, is not interested in the Division and Inclosure of the said Commons and Wastes, and can derive no Benefit or Advantage therefrom: And whereas it is apprehended that some of the Provisions contained in the said Act, may infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the said Earl to the Mines of Stone in, upon, and under the said Commons and Wastes: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Part and Parts of the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as in any Manner doth, or do, or can or may subject or make liable the said Robert Earl Grosvenor, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall by virtue of the said Letters Patent be entitled to the said Mines of Coal, Stone, and Lead, and Materials to make Lead, in upon or under the said Commons and Waste Lands by the said Act directed to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to make or pay any Satisfaction or Compensatfon for any Damage or Spoil of Ground, or any other Damage or Injury done or occasioned, or to be done or occasioned by the working of the said Mines of Coal, Stone, and Lead, and Materials to make Lead, or exercising any other lawful Rights and Privileges in about or concerning the same Mines of Coal, Stone, and Lead, and Materials to make Lead, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Robert Earl Grosvenor, his Heirs and Assigns, and his and their Lessee and Lessees, Tenant and Tenants for the Time being, to work, use, and enjoy all the said Mines of Coal, Stone, and Lead, and Materials to make Lead, which, before the passing of this Act have been or hereafter can be found under Ground or above Ground, in or upon any of the said Commons or Waste Lands by the said Act directed to be divided and inclosed, in as full, ample, 1 and

3^47

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 187.

and beneficial a Manner as he and they respectively were lawfully entitled to work, use, and enjoy the fame before the passing of the said recited Act.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give to the said Robert Earl Grosvenor, his Heirs or Assigns, Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, any Right or Title to the said Mines of Coal, Stone, and Lead, and Materials to make Lead, or any of them in the said Letters Patent mentioned, or to the working, using, and Enjoyment of the fame, other than such Right and Title to the fame, and to the working, using, and Enjoyment thereof, as the said Robert Earl Grosvenor, his Lessee or Lcffees, Tenant or Tenants, lawfully had immediately before the passing of the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

rft

This Act shall not give Earl Grosvenor any other Right to the fylines than he had before the recited Act.

Act to be printed by the King's Printer.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 188.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from Barmouth, in the County of Merioneth, to Traethmawr, in the County of Caernarvon; and for building a Bridge at Traethbach in the said County of Merioneth.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Port of Barmouth in the District of Ardudwy and County of Merioneth, through or near the'l'own of Harlech, over a Place or JEftuary called Traeth-bach, to a Place called Minffordd, in the Parishes of Llanfrotben and Llanfihan-gelytraethau, oroneofthem, in the said County of Merioneth, through the several Parishes of Llanaber, Llanddwywau, Llanenddwyn, Llanbedr, Llanfair, Llandanwg, Llanfihangelytraethau, Llandecwyn, and Llanfrothen, in the same County, is very much out of Repair, and in many Parts thereof narrow, circuitous, frequently overflowed with Water, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and the fame cannot be effectually amended, widened, diverted, altered, improved, repaired, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And whereas, if the said Road was amended, widened, diverted, improved, and repaired, and the Course thereof in some Parts varied and altered, and if a Bridge was eretted and built at Traethbach aforesaid, over and across the River Maentwrog, otherwii'e called Afonrhydy-gorad or Ddwrhyd to the opposite Side in the Parish of Llandecwyn in the said County of Merioneth, with a proper and sufficient causeway or Embankment at the End of the said Bridge, it would be of great Benefit and Advan-[Lot. y Peri] 42 U tage.

3850

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

tage, and attended with much Convenience and Accommodation to the Owners of Estates, and other Inhabitants near the fame, and would open a much shorter and better Communication than there is at present with that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and between other Parts of the Principality of Wales, and be of great Public Utility; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Trustees. the Authority of the same, That Sir Robert JVilliames Vaughan, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Sir Thomas Mojiyn, Sir Edward Lloyd Baronets, the Honourable the Justices of the Court of Great Sessions, and the Attorney General for the Counties of Anglesey, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, for the Time being; Rice Anwyl of Llanyckil Clerk, Edward Anwyl of Brynadda, William Anwyl of the fame, William Lewis Anwyl of Hengae, David Anwyl of Bala, Thomas Anwyl of the fame, Edward Corbet of Tnyfy-maengwyn, Robert Davies of Towyn, Clerk, Hugh Davies of Caepant, William Davies of Plajifaf Thomas Davies of Llandderfel Clerk, John Edwards of Penrhyn, Pryce Edwards of Talgarth, David Ellis of Gwynfryn, John Edwards of Cefnrowen, Edward Edwards of Towyn, John Evans of Breibwll, David Evans of the fame, Clerk, Richard Garnons of Hendre-fawr, John Griffith of Taltreuddyn, John Gryffydh of Cynfel, Clerk, Evan Gryffydh of the fame, M. D. Richard Hughes of Dolgelley, Clerk, John Hughes of Gogarth, David Hughes D. D. Robert Meyrick Humphreys, Clerk, William Hughes of Gogarth, Hugh Jones of Hengwrtuchaf Thomas Jones of Tnysfaig, Evan Jones of Llangower, Clerk, Waller Jones of Ccfnrug, Thomas Jones of Plafyndre Dolgelley, Richard Vaughan Jones of Penmaen, John Kenrick of Broncludwr, John Kenedy of Gwanas, Bell Lloyd of Tyddynyllan, Cynric Lloyd, John Lloyd of Hafodynos, John Lloyd of Paley, Clerk, William John Lenthal, William Lloyd of Pldspower, Richard Hughes Lloyd of Gwerclas, John Lloyd of the fame, William Lloyd of Blaenglyn, Clerk, John Lloyd of Cwm-buchan, John Lloyd of Cefnfaes, William Lloyd of Brynllefrith, Arthur Sparke Lloyd of Barmouth, the Honourable Robert Leefon of Motfa Lodge, William Alexander Madocks of Dolymelynllyn, John Madocks, John Mytton of Mowd-dwy, Edward Davies Maurice of Towyn, Robert Morris of Sygan, M. D. Robert Morgan of Plafcanol, Clerk, Morgan Jones Morgan of Borthwen, John Nanney of Maefyneuadd, Clerk, Robert Nanney of Llwyn, Clerk, Lewis Nanney of the fame, William Oakeley of Tanybwich, William Gryffydd Oakeley of the fame, Henry Owen of Llwyndu, Griffith Owen of Llanend-dwyn, Clerk, Griffith Owen Junior, of the fame, Clerk, Hugh Owen of the fame, Humphrey Owen of Dolferey, John Owen of Cefelgwmbach, John Owen of Crafnant, Owen Owen of the fame, Owen Owen Dolyfannog, Edward Owen of Garthynhared, Richard Watkin Price of Rhiwlas, Thomas Parry, Jones Parry, Richard Parry of Coppa, Owen Anthony Poole of Caenejt, Edward Pryfe of Helygog, John Wynne Pughe of Garthmaelen, Robert Pughe of the fame, Francis Parry of Hendreforion, Clerk, Howel Pugh of Brynmawr, William Pugh of Llanfair, Clerk, Richard Richards of Caerynwcb, Richard Richards Junior of the fame, William Parry Richards of the fame, Robert Vaughan Richards of the fame, Thomas Richards of the fame, Griffith Richards of the fame, Robert Roberts of Rhiwgocb, Robert Roberts ot Fring, Clerk, Edward Roberts of Glandwr, William Roberts of Oakland, M. D. William Anwyl Roberts of the fame, Griffith Richards of 3 Glanyllyn,

49° georgii nt. Cap. in,

Glanyllyn, Francis Roberts of Dolgelley, Hugh Revelcy of Brynygwin, Edward Scott of Bodalog, Griffith ap Howell Vaughan of Hengwrt, Leiv'fs Vaughan of Penmaendovey, John Vaughan of Tonfane, Charges Waikin Williams Wynn, William Wynne of Peniarth, William Wynne of Maefyneltadd,

Gwyllym Lloyd Wardle, Maurice Wynne of Pengwern, D. I). John Williams of Peniartbucbaf, William Williams of the fame, John Williams of Llahelltyd,

Rowland Williams of Mallwyd, Clerk, William Williams of Tynycelyn, Clerk,

William Williams of Llanforthen, Clerk, William Williams of Crogennan,

William Williams of Caegronw, Humphrey Williams of Dolgel/ey, Rowland Williams of Corfygcdol, William Williams of Bennar, John Warren Dean of Bangor, D. D. Evan Wynne of Cefneymera, Lewis Lloyd Williams of Ha-fodwryd, Richard Lloyd Williams of the fame, Ellis Wynne of Voe/as, Clerk, and their Successors, to be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Port of Barmouth in the District of Ardud-wy, through or near the Town of Harlech in the same County, over a Place or 7Efluary called Tracthbach, to a Place called Minffordd in the Parishes of Llanfrothen,zndLlanJibangeUy-traetbau, or one of them in the said County of Merioneth,through the several Parishes oiL/anaber, LlanJdwywau, Llanendd-wyn, Llanbedr, Llanfair, LIandanwg, LlanJibange!y-traetbau, Llandecwyn>7iT\i Llanfrothen, and to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tan-y-bwich to Pontaberglasllyn, and also to join a Line of Road through Cwm Pryffio'r at or near the Village of Trawsjynydd through the Parishes of Llandecwyn and Trawsfynydd in the County of Merioneth, and for otherwise carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees shall No Act to be be, or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be de[cdvai‘d done at fume Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as "n^jesetP"e at herein-after mentioned) and all Powers and Authorities by this Act granted

to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Five; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question, (including the Vote of the Chairman,) it shall be lawful for the Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote. , III.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be capable of ailing as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of this ot Vnittefi. Act, unless at the Time of his acting he shall have or be seized in his own

Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizals, or be Heir Apparent of some Person or Persons seized of such an Estate, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be in the Possession of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds,

nor

3852

Oath.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

nor (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned, and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said Trustees) unless he shall have taken and subscribed before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby required and empowered to administer the same; and such Oath shall be in the Words following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I truly and bona fide am seized of, in my own

* Right, [or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be~\ and in the c actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

* Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of

[or, am Heir Apparent of a Person who, to the belt of ‘ my Knowledge and Belief, is seized of such an Estate of the clear Yearly ‘ Value of; [or, am possessed of or entitled to a

' Personal Estate of the Amount of J.

So help me GOD.’

And if any Person not being so qualified, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings, of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act though not qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had or have been duly qualified according to the Direction of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person having or enjoying any Place of Profit arising out of or by reason of the Tolls hereby granted, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit, nor shall any such Trustee be capable of acting in any Case where he shall be personally interested, otherwise than as a Creditor on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable: Provided nevertheless, that such Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Jurisdictions act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

Viauallen v- Provided always and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who not to be shall keep any Victualling House or other House of publick Entertainment, Trustees. or who shall fell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable during such Time as he, ftie, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Ale House, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he,

lhe>

No Person holding any place of Profit to act as a Trustee, kc.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. iM.

she, or they employ a Person or Persons to collect: such Tolls who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Trustee or Trustees shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, It shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time, to elect and appoint one other Person to be a Trustee in the Room or Stead of each Trustee so dying or refusing to act; but Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election ■of a new Trustee or Trustees shall be given by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, by affixing a Copy of such Notice on each of the Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then erected in the said Road, at least Fourteen Days before every such Meeting; and every such Person who shall from Time to Time be so elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as if such Person had been named in and appointed by this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no Action commenced, sued, prosecuted, or defended, by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk as aforesaid, shall abase or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act or Default of such Clerk, without the Consent of the Trustees, at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act; but the Clerk to the Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that such Clerk, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended ill pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Colts, Damages, and Charges, as by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall be put to or become chargeable with, by Occasion of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the House of William Barnet, known by the Name of The Corfygcdol Arms, in the Town of Barmouth aforesaid, on the Fourth Monday next after the passing of this Act, or as foori after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, of which Meeting Notice shall be given by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the Neighbourhood, at least Ten Days before such Meeting; and at which Meeting the said Trustees shall proceed to the Election of a Clerk; and in the Execution of this Act, shall and may at such Meetings, and at their several Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet there or any other Place or Places in or near the said Road, and at such Time or Times as the said Trustees shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be necessary, for putting this Act into Execution; and if at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for an Adjournment only), or in case the said Trustees at any Meeting to be holden for putting this Act into Execution, shall omit or

|[Lee. & Perl] 42 X refuse

3855

Election of Rtw Trusteet.

Trusteej may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

Time and

Place of the first Meeting of the Trul-tecs.

3854- 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

refuse to adjourn, or shall adjourn for any longer Time than for Three Calendar Months, then and in either of the said Cases the Clerk to the said Trustees shall, by Notice to be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the nextRIeeting, appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was holden or was appointed to have been holden respectively, or at some other convenient House in or near the said Road, on that Day Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden or was appointed to have been holden; and in case the Clerk to the Trustees shall refuse or neglect to give, or by any Means shall be prevented from giving such Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, (though not assembled at a Meeting) at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect of such Clerk, or by being so prevented, by Notice in their own Names, to be inserted and affixed in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the said Trustees to meet at some convenient House in or near the said Road upon that Day Three Weeks after the Date of such last mentioned Notice, and that the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Charges and Expenses.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding made at a Meeting of the said Trustees holden in pursuance of this Act shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, nor unless Notice specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, at least Fourteen Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three-fourths of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

Meetings on X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment it shall, Emergencies, upon any Emergency, be thought necessary by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than that Day to which the last Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing, signed by any Two or more of such Trustees (though not assembled at a Meeting), appointing the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner before directed, such Time not being earlier than Ten Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the said Trustees, at all such Meetings to be appointed as last mentioned, shall be as good, valid, and effectual as they would have been in case the said Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

Orders and

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings Proceedings of the faig Trustees in the Execution of this Act, and the Names ia JJooC' &c! l^e Trustees at each Meeting, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Trustees for that Purpose, and signed by the Chairman and Clerk, present at each Meeting, or either of them, and that every such Book shall be opened at all seasonable Times to the Ir.spedion of any of the said Trustees, or of the Creditors on the respective Tolls hereby grafted and made payable, who shall be at Liberty to have and take Copies thereof, or Extrads therefrom, paying for every such Copy or Extract the Sum of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words,

and

No Order,&c. to be revoked or altered but at a Meeting holden for the Purpose, on Notice previcufly given.

3*55

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. i83.

and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words; which said Entries, duly signed as aforesaid, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be read and admitted as Evidence in Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions in any Court whatsoever, touching any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint One fit Person to be Clerk, and the fame or One other fit Person to be Treasurer for the said Road, and One or more fit Persons to be Collectors of the Tolls; and shall and may, within One Month after the Appointment of such Clerk and Treasurer, and (if they shall think proper) from such Officers, take such Security, by Bonds or otherwise, for the due and faithful Discharge of their respective Offices, as to the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, shall seem necessary and sufficient; and also shall and may in like Manner nominate and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and shall and may from Time to Time remove such Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in case of Death or such Removal; and may allow out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act in the District, such Allowances and Compensations to be made to the several Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received, by virtue of this Act, and how and to whom and for what Purpose the fame, or any Part thereof, hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify their said respective Account^ upon Oath; and all such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby required, to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall. refuse or neglect to render or give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath, (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer,) or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; er if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Four Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, or their Clerk, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in their Custody or Power, in any wise relating to the Execution of this Act, and Complaint shall be made of any. such Refusal or Neglect to any Justice of the Peace for the County where

1 the.

Trustees may appoint Officers and allow Salaries.

Officers to account on Oath.

3856

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refuting, shall be Or reticle, by the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf duly authorized by their Order made at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to sum-nton such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to appear before him, and upon his, her, or their not appearing according to such Summons, then by- Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be apprehended and brought before him; and upon his or their appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, agairtfi whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received determined by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, forthwith, or at such Time or Times as he shall allow and appoint for the Payment, of the fame, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, have wilfully refused or neglected to give and deliver such Account or Accounts of his, her, or their Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of any such Account, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his, her, or their Custody or Power, in anywii'e relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid the said Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction in and for the County or Place where he, she, or they shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall have delivered in and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and shall have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall in that Re-spect have been made, or until he, she, or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby in such Case empowered to make), or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Bocks, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or shall have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no Person so committed for Want of sufficient Distress shall be

3857

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 188.

be confined or detained in Prison for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Ab-fconding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of the respective lolls, any Three or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting holden in pursuance of this Act, shall and may from Time to Time nominate and appoint One other proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said respective Tolls, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying, or becoming incapable, or absconding, misbehaving, or absenting him or herself, until the next Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act; which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person in whose Room or Stead he or she shall have been so appointed would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said respective Tolls, who shall have been discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abl'cond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, and the Garden and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Premises for that Purpose, by or under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in any of those Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Toll-house or Building shall be, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer within the same County or Place, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and all and every' Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their Clerk, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof, with the Appurtenances.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and erect a Bridge at Treath-bach aforesaid, over the said River Maentivrog otherwise Afonrhydygorad or Ddwyrhyd, in the said Parishes of Llanfibanghel y Traethau and Lan-decwyn aforesaid, or one of them, in the said County of Merioneth, to the opposite Side in the Parish of Llandecwyn in the same County, and also to make and erect from the End of the said Bridge through the said Parish of Llandecwyn, over Part of Traetbbach Sands, a proper and sufficient Cause-way er Embankment, to extend beyond High Water Mark, to the opposite Side in the said Parish of Llandecwyn, but so nevertheless, that such Bridge, causeway, and Embankment, or any or either of them does or do not in any Manner whatsoever impede or inconvenience any Vessels, Crafts, or Boats, in passing or fading along the fame River of such Size and Dimensions as have been heretofore accustomed to pass up and down the said River.

42 r

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors, &c.

Power to erect a Bridge over the River.

[Lrr. Per.3

&s*

Power to eon-tract for Bridge and other Worki.

Bridge anil Road to be amended, &c.

Power to appoint Ground to make Seat for the Embankment.

Powerto make Banks, &c.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 188.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever, as well for the making of the said Bridge, as all or any of the Works to be made in purl'uance of this A if, as for the upholding, maintaining, and keeping the fame in Repair, for any Time or I’erm not exceeding the Term of Seven Years, under such Terms, Rot fictions, and Conditions, and at such annual Sums as they shall think proper, so that Security be given by the Person agreeing or contracting for any of the said Works for the due and faithful Performance of the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, to be therein contained.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge and the Roads at each End thereof for the Space of One hundred Yards, shall at all I iines for ever hereafter be made, amended, improved, supported, repaired, and kept in Repair, by and out of the Tolls, authorized to be taken on the said Road, any Law, Act, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, to order and appoint such and so much Land and Ground adjoining the said intended causeway or Embankment as they shall think necessary, to be set out for the Seat of the fame, and for the making of any Cuts or Channels, and other Dykes, Drains, and Works, with Outlets, Paths and Passages in the Sides and to and from the same, as will be necessary for the making, supporting, and maintaining, of the said Bridge, and effecting the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. And, for the better preserving and effectually securing the said Bridge, causeway, or Embankment from the Influx of the Sea, and alljFloods which may at any Time or Times happen; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, as soon as conveniently may be alter the passing of this Act, to embank with good and sufficient Banks on such Sides and Parts thereof respectively, as to them shall appear necessary and proper, and from Time to Time as they shall think fit, to make, erect,raise, alter, support, and maintain the said Bank, causeway, or Embankment, in such Manner as to them shall seem meet and convenient, and also to dig, fink, make, erect, alter, maintain, and support all such Cuts, Channels, Drains, Dykes, Dams, Locks, Tunnels, Trays, Stamps, Outlets, Engines, and other Works, in and upon or through any Lands or Grounds adjoining thereto, or in, under, upon, or through any such Bank or Banks as aforesaid, (making reasonable Recompence and Satisfaction in Manner herein-after provided, to the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds), as they shall think necessary and proper for securing and preserving the said Bridge, causeway, or Embankment, without the Controul of any Person or Persons whomso-soever; and such Banks, Cuts, Channels, Drains, Ditches, Dams, Locks, Tunnels, Trays, Stamps, Outlets, Engines, and other Works, which shall be so cut, made, and erected, (or such of them as the said Trustees shall direct) shall from Time to Time be cleansed, supported, maintained, repaired, worked, and kept in Repair, by the said Trustees, and the Expence attending the same shall be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper.

XX. Aud

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Cuts or Channels, or any Works whatsoever to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order of any Commissioners of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the said Trustees for managing and superintending the building and finishing of the said Bridge, causeway, and Embankment, and the said Banks, Cuts, Channels, and other Works, to cut, dig, quarry, take and carry away, or caul'e to be cut, dug, quarried, and taken or carried away, any Quantity of Earth, Stone, or other Materials proper for the effecting and doing the fame respectively, in, upon, out of or from any Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever where the fame can be found; such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees; and such Satisfaction for the cutting, making, and erecting such Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels, Trays, Stamps, Outlets, Engines, and other Works, as shall be made or erected in, through, or upon any Lands or Grounds, not being Part of Tracthbach Sands aforesaid, and for digging, quarrying, and taking of Earth, Stone, or other Materials therefrom for the Purpose aforesaid, or any other of the Purposes of this Act, shall be made by the said Trustees, or such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, to the Owners of such Lands, for the Damages he, she, or they shall thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between such Trustees and such Owner or Owners respectively; but if the said Trustees and such Owner or Owners cannot agree concerning the Amount of such Damages, then the fame shall be afiefled, adjudged, and finally determined by the Justices assembled at the next or some other Quarter Sessions

t of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Merioneth, upon Complaint thereof made at such Quarter Sessions by such Owner or Owners, Notice thereof in Writing being given by him, her, or them, to such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Officer or Officers, Seven Days before such Complaint shall be made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to ered and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, in such Place or Places as they shall think most convenient and proper. One or more Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, and across the said Road, or on the said Bridge so to be erected and built as aforesaid, and also shall and may ered and set up, or cause to be eroded and set up, across or on the Sides or Side of any Part of the said Road where any Road, Lane, or Highway, joins or meets the fame, as many Side Gates or Turnpikes as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, with a Toll House and proper and necessary Buildings and Conveniencies thereto, and shall and may purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll Houses and necessary Accommodations thereto, not exceeding One Quarter of an Acre to each Toll House: Provided always, that no Toll shall be taken at any Gate or Turnpike under this Act within the Distance of Ten Miles of any other Gate or Turnpike under the fame

4 Act,

'3859

Not to be subject to the Commissioners of Sewers.

Power to dig Lands for Materials for Bridge, Banks, &c.

Power to ercff Turn-pikes and Toll Houses.

3S60

Toll* to be tabto.

Tolls.

Tolls vetted in the Trullees,

and may be levied by Distrcls and Sale.

Tolls to be paid but once in repassing, except, &c.

49 GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

Act, Toll having been on the same Day paid at such other Gate or Turnpike, and a Ticket thereof produced.

XXIII. And be it further enacted,. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trullees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, by such Person or Persons as the said Trullees shall from Time to Time appoint, the Tolls following, at each of the said Gates and Side Gates or Turnpikes erected on the said Road, before any Horse, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pals through the fame, that is to say,

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Machine, Hearse, Chariot, Chaise, Calalh, Caravan, Chaise Marine, Litter, Bed Carriage, Curricle, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four Pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beall or Cattle, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Three Pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; and for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Pigs, the Sum of Five Pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Tolls shall be, and they are hereby vested in the said Trullees, and shall be paid, applied, alligned, and disposed of for the Use, Benefit, and Advantage of the said Road, and for the several Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons'subject to the Payment of any such Toll, shall, after Demand thereof made, refuse or neglect to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said respective Tolls by himself, herself or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary, to seize and distrain any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beall or Cattle, upon which such Toll is by this Act imposed, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements, or the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons refusing to pay the fame; and if such Tolls, and reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distrain-ing shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Beall or Cattle, or their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements, or the Goods or Chattels so seized or distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, and what shall remain unfold to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure and Dillrels shall be deducted and paid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid loll for passing through any Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to any loll for returning through such Gate or Turnpike, or palRng through any other Gate or

Turnpike

3861

49° GEORG 11 m. Cap. 188.

Turnpike erected on the said Road on the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the famfc Day, with the fame Horse or Horses, Cattle or Carriage, but shall return Toll Free on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls of such respective Gates or Turnpikes, which Note or Ticket such Collector is hereby required to deliver Gratis on the Receipt of the Toll.

XXVII. Provided also, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any No Tolls to

Side Gate or Turnpike for any Horse or other Beait or Cattle, which shall he demanded only cross the said Road, and which shall not go or travel, or be driven j^r j^eRoad" thereon, exceeding the Distance of One hundred Yards. ID£ °a

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall Disputes con-happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of taking, keep- cerning Tolls ing, or felling any Distress or Distresses, it shall be lawful for the Col- " a justice, lector or Person taking such Did refs to retain the fame, or the Money

arising by sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of Tolls due, and the Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress or Distresses shall be ascertained by feme Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose shall examine the said Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or of any credible Witness or Witnesses,

(which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered to administer), and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and assess the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping and Sale, and also of the Collector’s Attendance on such Justice or Justices for that Purpose, all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector, or other Person before he shall be obliged to return any Distress, or the Overplus

Money after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Collectors of Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said respective Tolls to Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame ’(®.cor"Pelent respectively, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Autho- ltne ;s" rity of the said Trustees, shall not by reason thereof be disqualified from

giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the said Bridge, &c. Bridge, and the causeway or Embankment herein directed to be made. Turnpikes and of all the said respective Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Build- and T°U ings, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively, to be erected or provided upon at the Side of or near the said Road, and of all Gates, Ports, ues.

Rails, Bars, Fences, Milestones, erected on the said Road or Bridge, or either of them, and of the Materials for building or altering the fame respectively, and all the Materials, Tools, and other Things, which shall be provided, collected, or made use of, for making, repairing, or improving the said Road or Bridge, or either of them, shall be and the same are hereby respectively verted in the said Trustees for the Time being, and they the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions, or to prefer Bills of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, or damage the said Bridge or any of such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Gates, Ports, Rails, Bars, Buildi gs, Fences, Mile-stones, Materials, Tools, or other Things as aforesaid, or any of them;

[Lac. & Per.'] 42 Z and

3862

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

and in all such Actions or Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be, and be deemed sufficient to Hate generally that the Article or Articles, I hing or Things, for or in respect of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment found, is or are the Property of the Trustees for repairing and maintaining the Road leading from Barmouth to Traetbmawr, without particularly mentioning and specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Trustees.

Trustees may lower T oils, andraife them again if necessary.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any Meeting to beholden for that Purpose (whereof Twenty Days’Notice shall be inferred in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed on Inch Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid), may, and they respectively are hereby empowered from Time to Time to lower or reduce all or any of the said respective Tolls hereby granted, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, and to order such respective Tolls so lowered or reduced to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit, so that such Reduction be no Prejudice to, and be with the Consent of Five Sixths Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of this Act at the Time of such Reduction; and the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered to raise the said respective Tolls again, or any Part thereof, so that the fame do not exceed the respective Tolls herein-before granted and made payable; and such respective Tolls so lowered or reduced, and raised again, shall be collected, recovered, paid, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner as the said respective Tolls herein-before granted and now payable as aforesaid, are respectively directed to be collected, recovered, paid, and applied.

Trustees may

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said compound for Trustees from Time to Time to compound for any Time not exceeding Tolls. One Year as they shall think proper, with any Person or Persons for any Korfes, Beasts, or Cattle passing the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid for or in respect of such Horses, Beasts, or Cattle; and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance quarterly or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof the Composition shall be void.

Penalty on

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall disposing of dispose of, or fell, or offer to dispose of or fell any Ticket to any Person Tickets to or ^erl°ns’ *n order to evade the Payment of any of the said respective evade ihe Tolls, every such Person so offering, disposing, or felling of such Ticket Tolls. or Tickets, and the Person or Persons receiving and making Use of the fame, shall respectivety forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

Trustees em-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they cowered to are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time or Times during the Lafethe Continuance of this Act, upon Fourteen Days’ Notice being inserted in

l oils. such Newspaper or Newspapers, and to be affixed on such Gates or Turn-

pikes as aforesaid, to lease, demise, or let to farm the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whom.

soever

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188. 3863

soever, at and for the best yearly Sum or Sums of Money which can be gotten for the fame: Provided always, that every Lease, Demise, or Agreement for the letting, demiling, or leafing thereof, be made in Writing, and duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming the said Tolls respectively, and by the said Trustees, and be not made for a longer Space of Time than Three Ye:*rs at any one Time; and the Monies which shall be so agreed to be paid for the said respective Tolls shall be made payable and paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees as aforesaid, by quarterly Payments; and the Person or Persons to whom the said respective Tolls shall be so leased shall always pay One Quarter’s Rent in Advance \ and the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls shall have been leased, demited, or farmed as aforesaid, shall be liable to account for the fame Rent to the said Trustees; and in case of Non-payment thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered upon and from him, her, or them, by the fame Ways and Means, and in such Manner as any Monies are herein directed to be levied and recovered from any Officer or other Person appointed by and liable to account with the said Trustees as aforesaid.

XXXV. And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads . leading to andpromtbe Towns of Bula and Dolgelley, in the County s/Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop; and another Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns cf Bald.and Dolgelley, in the County ^Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh; be it therefore enacted, That none of the Tolls collected at any Gate or Turnpike erected on the Roads by the said recited Acts directed to be repaired, or any Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall in anywise be applicable or applied to the Repair of the Road herein mentioned, nor shall any of the Tolls to be collected on the Road herein mentioned, or any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, in anywise be applicable or applied to the Repair of any of the Roads by the said recited Acts directed to be repaired.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Exemption* no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, from Tolls, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or only returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed in carrying

or conveying in the same Day any Stone, Brick, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or for repairing any of the Roads or Highways in any Township, Parish, or Place, through which the said Road leads, or any Lime, Sand, Dung, Marl, Soil, Mould,

Compolt, or other Manure, ofwhatNacuie or Kind foe ver, to be used in manuring or impreving of Land; or foi any Cattle or Carnage, employed in carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying and conveying on the same Day any Sanfoin, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed

386+

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

of but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his Sick Parishioners, or of or from any Person or Personsin any of the said Townships, Parishes, or Places, for passing through any of the said Turnpikes on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, to or from his, her, or their respective Pari fit Church, or other usual Place of Religious Worship licensed according to Law; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpse or attending the Funeral of any Person to be interred in any of the said Parishes *, or for any Cattle belonging to any of the Inhabitants which shall be only going to or returning from Palture or Water j or for any Cattle or Carriage belonging to any Inhabitant of any Township, Parish, or Place, wherein any such Gate or Turnpike shall be erected, which shall be only passing to the Smith’s Shop in order to be shoed, tarried, or repaired, pr for the Return of any such Cattle or Carriage unloaden; or for any Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, going to or returning from any Wheelwright’s Shop, empty and unladen, to be altered, amended, or being made new, in passing through any Gate from the said Smith’s Shop to the Place of Residence of any such Inhabitant; or for any Cattle or Carriage going to or returning from any Corn Mill or any Oat Kiln, for or with any Corn, Grain, Malt, Wheat, or Flour, for the Owner’s Ofe or Consumption in his or her Dwelling House, and not for Sale; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for Cattle or Carriages attending them, or laden only with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, drawing the fame,which shall beemployedin conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat or other Public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes, Chaises, Chairs, or Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Merioneth, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such E left ion shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor leis than Forty Shillings.

II

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188. 3865

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or Ownn-s or

causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided °jem.

for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or carrying any Ordnance, Barrack, the

or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or Service of His for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or For- Majesty 3 feiturefor Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other ^subject to" Carriage be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Wag- Penalties for gon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number Over-weight, of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any &c-

such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Occupier of Penalty on any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near to any of the said Personsgo'pg Turnpikes, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass v.|ug through or over any Part of the said Lands, or through any Gate, Passage, to avoid the Inclosure, or Private Way, with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage; or if any Per- Tolls.

son or Persons shall pass through or Over any such Lands, Gate, Passage,

Inclosure, or Private Way, with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage; or if any Person or Persons, shall take off or cause to be taken off from any Carriage any Horse, or other Bead, or any Part of the Loading of any such Carriage, or whereby the Payment of any of the said respective Tolls, or any Part thereof respectively, shall or may be avoided, every Person so offending in any of the Cal'es aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to take down and remove any Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, and any Toll Floufe, Building, or other Conveniencies erected or provided by virtue of this Act in the said District, and to set up the fame again at any other Place or Places.

XL. Provided nevertheless, That no Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike to be No Gate to erected or set up by virtue of this Act, shall, at any Time after the fame be removed shall be so set up, be taken down or removed to any other Place, except "nbjfs b^ by Order of the said Trustees at a Meeting convened for that Purpose, and *eI<1

unless Notice, sperifying the; Intention of taking down and removing such for that Pur-Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, and the Place to which the fame is pro- p°fe. posed to be removed, be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, Twenty-one Days at least before such Meeting; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and Tru(lees en* they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow and take up at ablcdMto bor* Interest: any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary and on foe Credit sufficient for the making, amending, widening, altering, diverting, im- of the Tolls, proving, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and making, erecting, and maintaining the said Bridge and causeway or Embankment, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution, upon the Credit of the said Tolls herein-before granted and made payable at the several Gates,

[Loc. Per.] 4$ A Side

Power to remove Gates within the Limits pre-fetibed.

3866

1

Form of Mortgage,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

Side Gates, or Turnpikes thereon; and the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time by Alignment or Mortgage in Writing under their Hands and Seals, assign over or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, (the Charge of such respective Alignments or Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls), for any Time during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Re-payment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed and taken up upon the Credit of such Tolls as aforesaid, together with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns; such Interest to be paid and payable, by equal quarterly Payments at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees; all which Alignments or Mortgages shall be in the Words or to the ES'eft following; videlicet.

T> Y virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, (here insert the Title of this AC] We of the Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of paid by

to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said his

[or her] Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the Sum of doth

or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and owing or charged on the Credit thereof, to be had and

holden from this

Day of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

Interest, at the Rate of

shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

this Day of

Lord

in the Year of our Lord for and during the Continuance of with

per Centum per Annum Given under our Hands and Seals in the Year of our

And Copies of all such Alignments or Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; and which Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected by the said Trustees or Mortgagees, or afiT^their* any Person or Persons on their Behalf, without Fee or Reward; and every Securities'. Person to whom any such Alignment or Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the fame, and to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by any Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, before One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in the Words or to the Effect following; ('videlicet),

* T [or we as the Case may be}

* -*• being entitled to the Sum of secured to

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Aligns,

‘ by virtue of an Alignment or Mortgage, bearing Date the

‘ Day of under the Hands and Seals of

‘ of the Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act made in the Forty-

* ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

* [here insert the Title of this A hi} upon the Credit of the said Act, do

1 ‘ het eby

3867

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

* hereby transfer all my \_or our, as the Case way be~\ Right and Title in ‘ and to the fame, and all the Principal and lute rest Money now due and

* owing thereon, unto Executors, Administrators,

‘ and Assigns. Dated this Day of in the

* Year of our Lord ‘ Witness

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk for Assignment* the Time being to the said Trustees, within Twenty-one Days from the Date to be regis-thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the tere<,•

Book or Books, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees may in like Manner transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and every such subsequent Transfer shall in like Manner as aforesaid be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, and shall be paid the like Sum for making the same as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such to whom the same shall be last transferred) to make void, release, or discharge the original Security or Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums of Money therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the Tolls upon the Credit whereof the same shall be borrowed, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Assignments or Mortgages respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by all the Tolls Application hereby granted and made payable at the several Gates, Side Gates, or of the Tull*. Turnpikes which shall be erected on the said Road, and which may be &L'-borrowed on the Credit thereof as aforesaid, and all other Monies and Payments whatsoever arising and to be paid or received as Compositions,

Fines, or otherwise, by Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, and the same shall be applied and disposed of, in the first Place, in Payment and Discharge of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act; and, in the next Place, in paying and discharging the Interest and Principal of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and the Charges and Expences of amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and in making, erecting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the said Bridge, causeway, Embankment, and other Works and Roads appurtenant or belonging thereto, and all other Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution: Provided nevertheless, that the Interest of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, shall in the first Place from Time to Time be duly and regularly paid, as the fame respectively shall become due and payable, out of such Tolls, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose whatsoever.

3868

Co*U of o!v» taining this Act to be first paid.

Trustees may make, alter, and divert the Roads,

&£JC,

Bodies Politick, &c. empowered to {ell.

Where

Owners of Lands refuse to treat. Damage and Recompence to be settled by a Jury, &c.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the said 1'olls to be collected within the first Three Years after the passing of this Act, and the said Trustees are hereby required and directed to pay the fame thereout accordingly, in Preference to any other Payment or Payments whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to make, divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter within the Distance herein mentioned, the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road comprized in this Act, and the said Road or any Variation thereof, may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet, and that any such Alteration, Diversion, Variation, or widening the Road, may be made through any Common or Waste Ground without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain, by the making, widening, diverting, or changing the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road, through such Lands and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and other Trustees whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successfors respectively, but also for and on Behalf of Infants, Femes Covert, and Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons whoin-soever, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Trustees, for the Sale of such Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purposes of this Act, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Persons shall be and they are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any such Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Flufbands, Guardians, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice in Writing, by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, to him, her, or them given, or left, at the Dwelling House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer, or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Road, or to which the said Road is intended to be diverted or varied as aforesaid, shall for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from

■- treating,

49* GEORGII III. Cop. 188. 3869

treating, then and in every or any such Case, the said Trustees shall cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oath of a jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Merioneth, (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) what Damage will be sustained by, and what Rtcotnpence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on account of the taking of such Lands or Hereditaments into the said Road, or of making, widening, diverting, varying, or changing the said Road through the fame; and in order thereunto the said Trustees are empowered and required from Time to Time to fumtnon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined concerning the Premises, (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and they the said Trustees shall order the said Jury to view the IJIace or Places in Question, and use all lawful Ways and M^ansas well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall order, adjudge, and direct the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners or Proprietors of, or Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments,or to be deposited in the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment or Verdict ot Determination so had and made shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to Jury to be all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as . well absent as present, Infants,

Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever.

Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors, and all and every Person or Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes, excluded and diverted of all Right, Title,

Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the same.

X LVI. And be it further enacted, That for the summoning and returning By Trustees’ such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the S*'^ia Vur'" said County of Merioneth, thereby requiring such Sheriff to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, and the said Sheriff or his Deputy is hereby required to impannel,summon, and returnTwenty-four such Persons as aforesaid, and out of the Persons so impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Ihirposes aforesaid, and for such other Purposes as are required by this Act, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall and is hereby required to return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve; and the said Trustees, and all Persons interested, shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Trustees acting in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time \_Loc. isf Per.] 43 B to

3870

Jury to be challenged, and Sheriff and Juryfined for Default.

Money allowed for Lands, &c. how to be charged and tendeted, &c.

Owners of Land used for the new Road to have the the first Offer of the old Road.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines, on such Sheriff or his Deputies, or on any Bailiffs or Agents making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who being summoned and returned on such Jury, shall not appear (except for some reasonable Excuse), or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give, or shall not give his or their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, (contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act); and on any Person or Persons who being summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury as aforesaid touching the Premises, shall not attend (except for some reasonable Excuse), or attending shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence touching the fame, so that no such Fine do exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any Person for one Offence.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby charged on the said Tolls, or upon the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of such Tolls, and shall be paid thereout accordingly; and upon Tender or Payment thereof to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or to their Agents, or upon Payment of the fame into the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, their respective Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into or upon, and to take such Lands and Hereditaments, and to do all and every Act, Matter, and Thing in relation to such Lands and Hereditaments as the Trustees shall think proper; and the Lands and Hereditaments so added to, taken in, or made Part of the said Road, shall be fenced from the adjoining Lands by the said Trustees, and shall be deemed and taken to be for ever thereafter a Part of the said Road, hereby directed to be amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, and shall to all Intents and Purposes be a public and common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Road hereby appointed to be amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair is by this Act to be repaired; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds constitming the old or former Road shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by them (if they shall think fit) for the bed Price that can be reasonably gotten for the fame; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and difpqfed of for the Benefit of this Act, within the said District; and a Conveyance of the said old Road, being executed by the said Trustees, and in rolled with the Clerk of the Peace (or the said County of Merioneth, (half be good, valid, and effectual in Law.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Course of the said Road shall be altered, by virtue of this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road (if the same shall be to be sold) shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Land, which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the same, and such Owner shall dill be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner as the Price of any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and

ascertained}

3871

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 188.

ascertained; and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the!

Sum to be ascertained by the said Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case he shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, and Tender of such Conveyance as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall noc then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie, by some Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises), Rating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Olfer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be): Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his or her Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if the Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing and content to take such old Road in Exchange for- such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assign the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him, her, or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid 'title to the fame, and be available in any Suit of Law or Equity.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in How itie Ex-and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence for pence; of die the Right, interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons, in any Lands Jr"n!l b<J or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by-him, her, or them, pal sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage, as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by the said ! rustees as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Co lb and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences incident thereto, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act within their Dif-trict; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning of the said Jury as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Colts and Expences cf summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences incident thereto, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences

having

3872

For leftrain-ing the Truf-teti from deviating beyond a certain Distance of Line prescribed in the Plan, 8cc.

Trustees not restrained from diverting the Roads beyond 100 Yards, if Parties consent.

Trustees may make the Road through Grounds al-thongh the Owners Names are not in the Book of Reference

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

having been ascertained and settled by some One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Merioneth, not interested in the Matter in Quell ion, (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deduced out of the Money so allefled and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, the Whole of such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

I. And whereas, a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said Road, and the Lands through which the fame is carried, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, having been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Merioneth; be it therefore enabled, That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at any seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extrads thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection; and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One Hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference, and that the said Trustees, in making the said new Piece of Road, shall not deviate more than One Hundred Yards of Three Feet each, from the Line prescribed in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation, in Writing, of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent, hinder, or re-drain the said Trustees from widening, diverting, turning, shortening, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads beyond the Distance of One hundred Yards through the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, in case such Person or Persons shall be consenting thereto, and shall signify his, her, or their Consent in Writing to such Diversion or Alteration being made.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is, or are, or may be Owner or Owners of Lands over which the fame is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more 3 Justices

3873

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 188.

Justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- p 9°a'Pea~ chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, ;ng to aool Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made on a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time bung have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

IIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted,- That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredila- the ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging Conr,?c"r;*

■ n c t) 1' 1 t-v• p * f tion is Icfs

to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Inca- than zool.and pacify as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and exceeds a"ol. shall be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Hereditamenis so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or [Lee. & Per.'] 43 C Committees,

3874 49° GEORGII III. Cap. iM*

Ccrfnmittees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in writing under their respective Hands, either be paid into the Bank of England^ in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwde the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so where the agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than *cfs Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not making out Titles;

or if Persons cannot be found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Subject totbe Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or P ctition.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Committee or any Three or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them); subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a fuminary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to' the fame Court shall feeni meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estates or Estate, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Uies the fame is or arc

received,

3875

49° GEORGII III. Gap. 1S8.

received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall aril'e touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Pri vity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamentstobepurchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any. such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of purchasing thereof, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Ellate or Interest therein.

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such. Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall, from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct, and charge the same to the Account of the said Company.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Power and Authority given to the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building, or taking in the Scite of any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, or to take in any Orchard, Gardens, Yards, Park, Paddock, Planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Grounds planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the several Persons interested therein respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Where any Question shall aril'e touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase,shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession, unless, &c.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

Trustees not lo take down Houses, &c.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Road hereby authorized to be The Inhabi-amended, widened, turned, and varied, shall be deemed and taken to be tarns of the

and several P».

3^76 49° GEORGII III. Cap. itS.

fi-i* s*,]yftVB" an<^ a Pu^lick Highway for ever, to all Intents and Purposes what-

rifts,’or Places ^oever > an^ the Owners of Estates, and the Inhabitants of the several made liable to Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places, through which the said Road repair the shall lead, pass, and extend, shall be and for ever continue subject and Road. liable to the Repair thereof in like Manner in, every Respect, as they are by Law liable to the Repair of any other common Highway in the said Parishes, Townships, or Places.

How the LXL And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute

Statute Work 'Work ought to be performed on the said Road by the Inhabitants of the portioned!' several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Roads shall pass; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Merioneth, and they are hereby empowered and required upon Application made to them by the said Trustees yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trullees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Trullees, from Time to Time to fununon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place,to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons, who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint, and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Person who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trullees, or their Treasurer at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Dtfault of Payment, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered, and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of 2 the

3^77

49° GEORGII III. Cap. x 88.

the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beales, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons ntav bs subject or liable to by any Law or Stature in force and effect, for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe, every' such Person (half be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work, on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and' Tmflec3 may for the said Trullees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, compound for Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road* or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Oihcer of the Parish. or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the First Day of May in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any Meeting, Trustees n*ay whereof Notice specifying the Time and Place when and where and the d>re£t Piofe-Purpose for which such Meeting is intended to be held, shall be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers, and affixed on such Gates or Turn- Uic Tolls.0 pikes as aforesaid, at lealt Pen Days previous to the Time when such Meeting is appointed to be held, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as often as they shall think fit and necessary, to direct Indictments to be preferred and prosecuted, and the Expences to be defrayed out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, against the Inhabitants of all or any of the Parishes or Places through which the said Road pailes, and against the Hundred or County liable to repair Bridges, who shall have neglected or refused respectively to repair the lame.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor* Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors (and such Person or Persons as he or may remove I Loc. & Per.'] 43 D they Annoyance!,

3«78

and turn Water

Couifes, &c.

Surveyor! may make causeways, Stc. making Sati-f.iftion for the same.

Purveyor. to take Gravel, &c. in Walie Grounds,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

they shall direct or appoint, such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order from the said Trustees for that Purpose) to remove and prevent all An-noyances on any Part of the said Road within the said Diflrifl, by Filth, Dung, Ashec, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running into along, and out of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, fc.'ur, and cleanse any Watercourses and Ditches adjoining to the said Road, and make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think proper and necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top at proper Seasons of the Year, any Trees or Bullies growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and within Ten Yards of the Centre thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owner or Occupier of the Premises shall neglect to remove the fame, or to cut down or carry away such Trees or Bushes as aforesaid, or to open, scour, or cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or to remove such other Annoyances, for the Space of Ten Days next'after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, and the Charges thereof (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reirn-bursed to the Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and the same shall be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered, and if, after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Persons shall offend in the like Kind, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, to make or cause to be made, causeways or Embankments in and upon the said Road, and to erect, support, and repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, Watercourse or Watercourses, upon the said Road, and also to make or cause to be made a Road or Roads through the Grounds adjoining any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (not being the Ground whereon any House or Houses, or other Buildings Hand, or a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House), to be made use of by all Passengers, Cattle, Carriages, or otherwise, as a public Highway, whilst the old Road or ruinous Road is widening or repairing, and till it shall be convenient and safe for Paifengers and Carriages to pass thereon, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds rel'peclively, through which any such Drains shall be made, or whereon such Arches shall be erected, or through which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may sustain thereby, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Merioneth, to settle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers for the Damage they shall h ive sustained as aforesaid, whose Determination therein shall be final.

I.X

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away, any Gravel, Furze, 7 Heath,

49° GEORGII III. Cap.m.

Heath, Sand, Beach, Stones, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Road, in and out of any River or Brook, or out of any Moor, Waite, or Common Grounds, or from the Sea Shore, without paying any Thing for such Materials, such Surveyor or Surveyors, levelling or causing to be levelled, all such Holes and Pi s, or otherwise raufing the same to be raised or fenced off, where or from whence any such Materials shall be dug, gathered, or taken away, in such Manner as that the same shall not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers whatsoever, and paying for the Damages done by Landing, and for going over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lanes or Roads, for or with such Materials, to be ascertained as herein-after mentioned; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Per I on or Persons as he or they shall appoint, (such Surveyor or Surveyors first having an Order in Writing of the said Trustees for that Purpose,) to search for, dig, gather, and take away all or any/ such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from and over the private Grounds or inclostd Lands of any Person or Persons, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, or Planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, Lawn, or inclosed Plantation,) paying or tendering to the Owners or Occupiers respectively, for the Damages done to such private Grounds, or inclosed Lands, where and from whence any such Materials as aforesaid shall he dug, gathered, and taken away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for the Repair of the said Road shall be carried, such Equivalent in Money as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in c.de of any Difference concerning the same, the Matter shall be subjfft to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions as herein-after mentioned.

IXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to take and carry away any Materials for repairing the said Road, from any inclosed Lands or private Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the respective Occupiers thereof, from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupiers respectively at their respective usual Places of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County where such Lands are situated, on a certain Day to be mentioned in tuch Notice, and not sooner than Ten Days from the Service thereof, as aforesaid, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had or taken from such inclosed Lands or private Grounds respectively; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not be able to shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, the said Trustees, or such lati-mentioned Justices, shall, (if they think meet,) authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig. gather, and carry away such Materials, in, upon, out of, from, and over such inclosed. Lands and private Grounds respectively, at such Time or Times as to huh respective Trustees, or to such Justices, shall seem proper; and if any such Occupier shall refuse or neglect to appear by hitnfelfor his Agent, the said Trustees, or such Justices, shall and may nevertheless make such Order therein as they faall think fit, as fully and elieftually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall take away any Materials which shall have been digged, gotten,

or

3?79

without paying f r the fame, leveling the Pits, Su. and i'so on of private (Grounds, by Order of TruiltcK on paying for the Damage.

Difference to be settled at the Quarter Sc (Hons.

Surveyors not to carry away Materials out of Private Grounds without giving Notice to the Occupiers.

Penalty on taking away Mate rial*

38Fo

raised by Surveyors.

Road to be rreafored and M^e Stones treiied.

Penalty on liding upon or damaging Foot Paths, &c.

Penalty on Persons draw ing l imber cn Slone on the Road.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 188.

or gathered, for the Repair or Use of the said Road, or shall raise or carry away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made, dug, or opened, for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein, for the Space of Fourteen Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Person authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sunt not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause the said Road in their District to be measured, and Stones or Polls to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Road, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Pod from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think proper, and also proper Direction Pods; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Pods or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Maiks, which shall be inscribed thereon, and be thereof convicted before any Two or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Merioneth, either by Confedion of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone or Poll, Letter, Figure, or Mark so wilfully broken, pulled up, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered as herein-after mentioned; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or shall wilfully or carelessly drive any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any such Footways; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pods or Stones erected for the Security of the said Footways, or drive the Wheel of his Carriage against the fame, or the Side or Sides of the said Footways; or if any Person shall hale or draw or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads any Tree or Piece of Timber or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber w'hich shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of the said Road, or shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead drawing any such Plough upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off the fame, or any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road with any (harp pointed Indrutnents so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto, without fotne reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his or her Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Road as conveniently may be, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure,

Soil,

49° GGEORGII III. Cdp.iBS.

Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever in any Pat t of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, and be convicted thereof respectively, by the Confession of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Merioneth, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be allowed and paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for making, repairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work to be done in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper, and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees shall be binding to and upon the said Trustees and their Successors, and also to and upon all other Persons who shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators respectively; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Conti acts or Agreements.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons by them, or any of them, or by the said Trustees employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences under this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to. seize anti detain any such unknown Person or Persons, guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and Recovery ,whereof is not herein particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Merioneth, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence uf any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arising from such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of-[Ear. t? Per.] 43 E such

3581

Trusteetf may contia& for repairing the Roads.

Penalty on

obit ruling the Execution of this Act.

Power to Collect ois to detain unknown Persons guilty of Offences.

Recovery of Penalties.

3882 49° GEORGII III. Cap. r88.

such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling such Distress; and such Penalties^ and forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not forthwith be paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Merioneth, and there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Twenty-eight Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Application

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That.it shall be lawful for the said Truf-

ulPenalties, tees from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply any Part of such Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, not exceeding One Moiety of them or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences against this Act shall be drawn up in Form to the Effect following j (that is to say).

Form of Merioneth 1 BE it remembered, that on the Day of

Comiftion. t to wit. J ±J in the Year of our Lord

* A.B. is convicted before me one of His Majesty’s

4 Justices of the Peace for the County of Merioneth, on his own Confef-‘ fion [or, on the Oath of a credible Witness, or, on

‘ the Oaths of and Two credible Wit-

1 nesses, as the Case may be~\ of [Here specify the Offence, and the Time and ‘ Place when and where the fame was committed] contrary to an Act passed " in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

• Third, intituled \Here insert the Title of this Act]; and I the said Justice

4 do adjudge the said to have hereby incurred the

4 Penalty of to be paid, recovered, and applied in Manner directed by the said Act. Given under my Hand and Seal the 4 Day and Year first aforesaid.’

Which Conviction, in the Form or to the Effect aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes,

Appeal to LXX

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person Sessioni or f>er^ons think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method or Relief hath been already hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the said County of Merioneth, next after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months, from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing, having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Tniitees, and forthwith after such Notice entering, with one or more 1 sufficient

3883

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188

sufficient Surety or Sureties into a Recognizance before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, for prosecuting such Appeal, and abiding by such Determination and Order as the Court shall make therein; and the Justices in such Session are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and award Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper, and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distress not for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same "an 0 orr ' be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so dif-training; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had Proceedings touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed jCfor or vacated for Want of Form, or be removable by Certiorari, or any other want of Form. Writ or Writs, or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster j any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Limitatior.» Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons, for of Actions. any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought, and tried, in the said County of Merioneth, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may, at his, her, or their Election, plead Specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, and if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

3884

Subscribers to pay their Subscription Money.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Term of this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 188.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, in such Parts and Proportions, within such Time and Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall direct and appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame, in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, in any of his Majesty's Courts cf Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bilk Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls and Powers hereby given, shall commence and take Effect on the passing of this Act, and shall be in force, and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 189.

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Deptford, Greenwich, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Kent and Surrey.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the several Parishe<, Townships, or PI a' es of Saint Nicholas Deptford, Saint Mphage Greenwich, Saint Margaret Lee, and Saint Mary Lewisham, in the County of Kent, and lik^wife the Inhabitants of the Parish, Tnwnship, or Place of Saint Paul Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, New Cross within the Manor of Hatcham and in that Patt of the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford which is in the County of Surrey, and likewise the Inhabitants of the Parish or Township of Saint Mary Rotherhthe otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, are dtfirous to have a more general Supply of good and wholesome Water for Domestic Purposes: And whereas the said Parishes and Places are very populous, and the Number of Houses and Buildings within the same are very {numerous, and in cales of Accidents by Fire, the Inhabitants thereof might be txposed to the most calamitous L >fies for Want of a sufficient Supply of Water, which would also greatly contribute to the Health, Comfort, and Convenience of the said Inhabitants: And whereas his late Majesty King William the Third, by his Royal Letters Patent, beating Date the Eleventh Day of December, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, gave and granted unto William [_Loc. 5s* Per.J 4d F Tar no Id-

3886

Proprietors

Names.

i

49° GEORGII III. Gap. 189.

Tat mid and Robert Wat/on, their Executors, Adminifbators, and Assigns, full and free and rxclutive Liberty, Licence, Privilege, Power, and Anlio-rity, during the Term of-Eive hundred Years thence next ensuing, to raiie and take Water out t f the River Ravenjbourne, and to dig and bieak up such of the Open Streets, Lane«, Waste Ground*, and Places within the said Manors of East Greenwich and Hayes Court or either of them, as should be needful fur laying therein Pipes, Trunks, and Brunchts ror conveying such Water through the said Places f om the said ttiver Ravenjbourne, ro the Houses of all or any of the Inhabitants of the said Manors of East Greenwich and Sayes Court or either of them, and the Parishes and Places thereto belonging; and his said late M jrfty King William did also by his said Letters Patent strictly charge, rrq ore, and command all and every Person or Persons whom foe vtr, that ne; her they or any of them should presume either directly or indirectly to dig or break up any of the Waste or other Grounds, Streets, Lanes, or Places within the said Manors, and lay therein Pipes, Trunks, or Branches fur co vey-ing Water from the said River Ravenjbourne or ellewht-re, to the H rnles of all or any of the Inhabitants of the f.nd Manors ot Ejl Greenwich and Sayes Court ox any or them, or any of th: Pari'fhes thereto brloieing, without the Licence or Consent of the said William Tarnold and Robert Watson, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, it br ing the tiue Intent and Meaning of the said Letters Patent, that the Liu William Tatncid and Robert Wat Jon, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Ihoulo have the Lie Powtr and Privilege, during the said Term of Five hundred Years, to bring and convey fresh Water to the Houses of the Inhabitants of the Lid Manors, in Manner in the Lid Letters Parent menrioned: And whereas by virtue of the said Letters Patent, certain Wateiw rks and other Works called The Ravenjbourne Waterworks have be* n erect d, built, made, and efbblished within the said Parish of Saint Raul Deptford for the Supply of the said Manors of East Greenwich and Sayes Court, and the Pan flies and Places thereto belonging, with Water from the Lid River Ravenjbourne: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and defnous, at their own Expence, to erect and make such Waterworks, Aqueducts, and other Works, as may be rrquilite and nreeflary for the Purposes aforesaid, but cannot accomplish the fame without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be en«&ed •, and be it enacted by the King’s mod ExCcllem^Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Aldridge, John Bailey, Thomas B ys, Charles Byrne, John Bowdon, John Butler, James Blackett, John Brooks, Thomas Blackett, John Butler, John Bum, isaac Cum« her, John Cooke, John Cotton, John Coleman, William Chalkhn,

Curtail, Thomas Cowley, Robert Clitch, George Druger, James Dawes, Matthias Deane, Solomon Davies, Deane, Christopher Dunkin,

Rap Dodd, Borradaile Robert Dcdd, Francis Davis, George Oodd, Willi m Elliott, Richard Fishwick, Humphrey Govier, Richard Green, James Cojling, Ambtoje Gojhng, William Green, Henry William Hawkins, William Hardy, Harry ylmbrofe Hardy, John Hatton, Samuel Rose kill, LuJcr Hffham, Chrjtian Homyer, Humphrey Jones, Hugh Jones, Frederick William Johanning, Robert Kingston, John Luke, Stephen Neate, John Oakes, Isaac Piggott, Archibald Paxton, John Parry, Jacob Prime, Anew Partridge, George Powell, David Pollock, Samuel Porter, William Rayley, Sir William * Rawlins,

3587

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

Rawlins, 'John Robins, Valentine Rutter, Robert Rope Thomas RitjfeU, Char'es Simpfo i, Peter Silverjides, James Shaw, R iw^rJ SprtngaJ, Thomas Summers. C. F. Sounfon, George Smith, Thomas Smith, John ttutt, Enos Smith, John Silkbak, John Summers, Thomas Taylor, Jonathan Taylor, Samuel T y o>, John ‘Turpin, Peter Vcrnez, Thomas Ware, William Wtl-kinjon, Ji.h/i Worjley, John Wright, James Wright, Henry TVayte, James Wide, Simon Watts, Abraham Wa.ker, Francis Williams, and John V/oodyer, together wi;h such othe Person or Persons, Bodies Pome and Corpo>ate, as they or the major Part of them present at any General or Special General Assembly to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, shall nominate and appoint, their several and respective Successors, Executors, and Ad-miaistrator and Assigns, being a Pr prietor or Proprietors of any S are 01 Shares in the Undertaking to be executed by this Act, shall be and they are hrr. by accordingly united into a Company for the making, completing, and maintaining the said Waterworks, Relervoirs, aqueducts, and other Wuiks hereby authorized to be made, according to the Rules, Orders, and D reftions Tierein-after expressed, and shall for that Purpose be one Body P ,i ic and Corporate, by the Name of The Company if Proprietors of the Kent Waterworks, and by that Name shall have a perpetual Succ lTun and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be lued, and shall also have full Power to purchase Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to them, their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves, in such Proportions as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the W hole the Sum ot One hundred thousand Pounds (except as hrrein-after mentioned) v.hich said Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied in the first Place in distharging the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making, completing, aid maintaining the said Rrlervoirs and aqueducts, and other requisite Works and Conveniences thereto, and for otherwise carrying the several Purposes of this Act iruo Execution; and the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each; and that no Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Person contributing thereto, or becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, do become a Proprietor of less than O e Share, and such Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, (o subscribing and contributing to the fame, and their several and respective Ex- cutors, Admimft.ators, Successors, and Assigns, and to their and every of thftr proper Ule and Bencfir, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute^ and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons whof ever, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally fub-ferioe for one or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be called for and demanded by virtue of this Act for carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportional Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may ariie and accrue by the Rates and other Sums of Money to

be

Incorporated*.

The Company may raise among them— iclves a Sun* of Money.

3888

Shares to he Personal El', late.

Subscribers to have a Vo'e for every Share, kc.

torm of I roxy.

Power to aise among them-leives a further Sum tf necessary.

490 GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Person, having such Property in the said Undertaking as afore, laid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the lame in Manner herein directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons, of and in the said Undertaking, or the joint Stock and Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Perfor.al Efface, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and every Person who shall by virtue of this Act have subscribed or undertaken for One Share in the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, and Administrators, shall have a Vote for every such Share, but not exceeding Five Votes in the whole, although possessed of more than Five Shares (exetpt as herein-after excepted) in the General and Special General Assemblies to be hulden as herein appointed for carrying on the Undertaking; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, constituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or Col.egiate, or the Hand of the Proprietor constituiing the said Proxy, evay imh P xy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking •, and every such Vote by P.-oxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all Inients and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Person; ard every Question, Mattel and 1 hing which shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered in ai.y Gi neral or Sp ciul General Afftmbly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and P. oxies then prefenr, computing One Vote to every Share, provided that the Members prefnt be possessed of not left than One hundred and fifty Shares: Proviced nevertheless, that n Person shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Twenty Shares; and the A; pointmenc of such Proxies may be made according to the Form following j (that is to lay),

I A.B. of One of the Pro-

* proprietors of The Kent Waterworks, do nominate, conditute, and

* appoint C.D. of to be my P oxy in my

‘ Name, and in my Absence to vote or give my Afient to or Diflem from

* any Business, Macrer, or Thing, relating to the said Undertaking, in ‘ such Manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his

* Opinion and Judgement, for the Brnefit of the said Undertaking, or

* any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof 1 have here-

* unto set my Hand [or, Hand and Seal] the Day of

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before authorized to be raised shall be found insufficient for the making, completing, and maintaining of the said Reservoiis and Aqueducts, and other the Works hrieby authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expercts re ating thereto, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem n eer, or to raile, by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other bum of Money for completing and pertefling the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty thouDnd Pounds, and every

Body

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189. *889

Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person, being a Subffti-ber towards railing such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by themselves, himself, or herself, or their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, in respect of every One Hundred Pounds of the said additional Sum to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and Hand interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Sum they, he, or ihe shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further nr other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised, had originally been Part of the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said ^rtoraifi Company of Proprietors shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of Fifty *"v:Ti M»rU thousand Pounds or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, gage-It shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the said Undertaking, and the Sums ot Money arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the Colls and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Sums of Money) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lb to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance the fame* all which said Alignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company oi Proprietors, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* DY virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Form of Mort*

* ^ George the Third, intituled, [here infer t the Title of this Act~\ We the gase‘

* Company of Proprietors of the said Undert king, incorporated by and

* under the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

* to us in Hand paid by of

* do hereby bargain, fell, and assign unto the said

* his Executors, Administratott, and Affiaijs, the said Undertaking, and all the Works thereto belonging, and all and fin.

* gular the Sums of Money arising and payable to us for Water by virtue

* of the said Act, and all our Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of, in,

‘ and to the fame, To hold unto the said

* his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sun of

* with Interest for the fame,

* after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, Hull be fully paid

■* and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal this

* Day of

And all Persons to whom such Alignments shall be made, shall be equally entitled, one with the other, to their Proportion of the said Sums and Premires, according to the respective Sums in such Alignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of any such Alignments, or any other Account; and a Memorial of every such Alignment, containing the Date, Name or Names,

Addition or Additions, of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Mpnty borrowed and Rate of Interest, shall, within Thirty Days from ike Date of every such Alignment, be ent red in one or more Book [Loc. y Per.] 43 G or

3^9°

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

or Books, to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, and shall and may be perused at all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking, and any other Persons interested Which Mort- therein, without Fee or Reward; and the Person or Persons to whom tranVftrfe? any Alignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals; which Transfer shall and may be in the Form or to the Efteft following; (that is to say).

Form of Transfer.

‘ t of in Consideration of the Sum of paid by of

* do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage, made by the Company of Pro-

* prietors of the Kent Waterworks, to

* bearing Date the Day of for securing the Sum of and all Interest now due and to become due thereon,

and all my Right and Property therein, to the said

* his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this 4 Day of

And every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof, in like Manner as of the original Mortgages or Assignments, for which Memorial the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, and after every such Entry made, such Transfer shall from thenceforth entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage; and it shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage or any M^ney thereby secured, or any Parc thereof.

be

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed or raised by Morigage as aforesaid Avail be provided for and paid Half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, before any Yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors Mortgagees or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided: Provided always, that fiii(ve°i^osCOn~ n0 Perk,n to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made or Prop iet'ers. transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor of any Share, or be ca;ab!e of acting or voting by virtue of such Mortgage or Assignment, at any Assemb y or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for or on account of his or her having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of any such Assignment.

In'ft el? to

(.aid Half, yearly.

Notice to b»

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of gwen Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage, shall be paid off and discharged

Money.°" (rave and except with the Consent of the Person or Persons so lending and

advancing such Sum or Sums tf Money) unless Sx Calendar Mtnths previous Notice, under the Coma on Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, shall save lxen given to the Ptrfunot Persons lending and advancing such Sum or Sums id Money, 01 left at his, htr, or their last or usual Pa e

9 or

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

cr Places of Abode, of such their_ Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held at] the London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street, in the City of London, upon the Tuesday Six Weeks after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon; and all future General Assemblies of the said Company (except such Special General Assemblies as herein-after mentioned) shall be held on the First Tuesday in the Months of November and May in every Year, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, at such Place or Places as the said Company of Proprietors at their preceding General Assemblies shall from Time to Time direct and appoinr, ot which future General Assemblies Ten Days previous Notice ac least shall be given by public Advertisements, to be inserted in Ibme Newspapers usually circulating in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors at their respective General Assemblies shall direct; and at such General Assemblies it shall be the Duty of the Committee of the said Company to report to the Proprietors at large the State of the said Undertaking, and their Proceedings in carrying this Act into Execution; which Report fli-ll be fairly entered in the Books of the Corporation by the Clerk, and a Copy of the fame left at their Head Office for the Perusal of the Proprietors, who shall have Access thereto during such Hours as the said Office is usually open.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall at their First General Assembly, or at any Adjournment of the fame, nominate and appoint by Ballot Fifteen Persons of and out of the said Company of Proprietors to be a Committee for conducting the Business of the said Undertaking, until the next General Assembly of the Did Company to be holden on the First Tuesday in the Month of May then nexc ensuing; but no Person shall be capable of being chosen or of serving upon such Committee unless he shall hold and be possessed of Five Shares at the least in the said Undertaking: Provided always, that no Perl'n holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contract under the said Company, shall be capable of being chosen or of serving upon such Committee, during the Time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, Employment, or holding such Contraft.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, at their General and Special General Assemblies, shall and may appoint a Chairman, and such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in case of an Equality of Votes shall have the Decisive or Calling Vote; but no Person serving upon the Committee of the said Company shall be capable of fitting or presiding as Chairman of any-General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, during the Time he shall be so serving upon such Committee.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Committee so eltfted, or the Person or Persons elected in their Room or Stead determined by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Off. e until the First Tuesday in the Month of May next after such Election, and on such Day Five of the

laid

389r

PirS am! other General Allemhliei.

Officera of the Company and Committee.

Chairman t« be appointed, etc.

Subs-qtien* Appointment of Committee (by the Proprietors) in the Stead cf

3892 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

thos- going fa;d Committee shall go out of Office, and cease to he upon the Com*

b"'nif|ioth;ind niittee of the said Company; and in order to determine who of the said

Kuution. Committee shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, the Clerk of the said Company, at the General Afiem-bly of the said Company, to be holden on that Day (or some Adjournment thereof) shall and he is hereby required to write upon Fifteen distinct Pieces of Paper of equal Size, the Name of one of each of the said Committee, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Five of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and the Five of the Committee whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company; and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as aforesaid, Five Members of the said Company, who shall severally be’ possessed of and entitled to Five Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, and such Five Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced by the said Company of Proprietors at any General or Special General Assembly convened for that Purposr) and no longer; and on the First ‘Tuesday in the next succeeding Month of May Five more of the Committee first elected by virtue of this Act, as Part of the Committee, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company; and in order to determine who of such Ten of the Committee shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, the Clerk of the said Company, at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, shall and he is hereby required to write upon Ten distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of one of such of the Committee on each of the said Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel by such Clerk, and Five of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and those of the Committee whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out] of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, and the said Company shall then cleft by Ballot as aforesaid Five Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be upon the Committee of the said Company, in the Room or Stead of such Five of the Committee; and such Five Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in cale of Death or Refusal to act, cr ceasing to be qualified in Manner determined by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid) and no longer; and on the Frft Tuesday in the next succeeding Month of May the Five remaining Members of the Committee first elected by virtue of this Act, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company; and the said Company shall, at their General Assembly to be-holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, cleft by Ballot as aforesaid Five Members of the said Company qualified as aforesaid, to be upon the Committee of the said Comptny, in the Room or Stead of such Five of the Committee going ouc of Office as lait aforesaid; and such Five Persons so elected shall continue in Offi.e for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal •to aft, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed, or being

removed

49o GEORGII HI. Cap. 189. 3893

removed or displaced as aforesaid) and no longer; and on the First Tuesday in every fui cceding Month of May in each and every Year F.ve Persons out of the Members of the said Compa y, qualified as aforesaid, shall be elected by Ballot as aforesaid, by the said Company, to be Members of the Committee of tie said Company; and such Five Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Relufal t j aft, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid) and no longer:

Povided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said C Jtn-pany of Proprietors, again to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, again to be a Member or Men,bers of the said Committee.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case on any such First I > case com-Tvefiuy, in the Month of May in any Year, no such Nomination and Ap- "tip tinted poimmviu of f. ch Five Members of the Committee shall be made, then on the J><y and in every such C ife another M-cting of the said Company shall be th^Meet-holdrn on th. Tttejday following for the Purpose of making such Election; in, to he hut and in c.le no such Nomination and Appointment of such Five Members f0i‘.that

of the Committee shall be then made, then and in every such Case p°'e‘ another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Tuesday following, for 1 he Purpose of making such Election, and lo totissquoties until fur h Five Members of the Committee shall be chosen; but such Five Membeis of the Committee shall not continue in Office or be upon the Co mmittee of toe laid Company for any longer Space of Time than if they had been elected on the said First Tuesday in the Month of May as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Subfcquent nominated and appointed determined by the said Company to be upon ihe Committee cominefee of the Lid Company, shall die or relufe to uft in the Execution of this Act, by tii= lj.»i ri-or shall not be or cease to be enntled to Five Shares (at the lead) in the 'f0r(^f.r,wno said Undertaking, or shall hold any Place, Office, Employment or mau dir, &«. Contraft under the said Company, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful :o and for the said Company to nominate and appoint, at some Assembly of the said Company, foine Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid to be upon the Committee of the said Company in the Room or Stead of such Member or Members of the Committee so dying or rtfuiing to act cr ceasing to be so qualified, or holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contraft under me fail Company; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftr.ftions, as the Person in whefs R rom or Stead he shall be so nominated and appointed,; and shall continue in Office for such Time and no longer, as the f'erlon in whole Room or Stead he shall b: so nominated and appointed would have continued in Office.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Powfr to shall at their laid Fiift General Assembly or at any Adjournment thereof, elect AuJi-nommate and appoint by Ballot Three Persons of and out of the said Com- t0‘3, pany of Proprietors, and not being up in the Committee of the said Com.

puny, to be Audirors of the Accounts of the said Company; and such Three Persons shall continue in Office until the next General Assembly [Lcr. isf Ptr.] 43 of

$Sg4*

3ubsequent Appointment of Auditors (by the Pio-pnetofs) in the room of thos* go-n& out of Offce bjt-HaHjt and

Rotation.

-iuli ten

Inc.-»fe an Auditor is nor defied on the Day mentioned.

Subsequent Appointment ot Auditors (by the Pro-pi ietors) In the foot, of thjfe who’shall die, refute to act, or become duqual.fccd.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

of the said Company to be holden on the said First Tuesday in the Month of May ihen next tnluing; but no Perloh shall be capable ot being cholen or of fetving as such Auditor, unless he shall hold and be possessed of Three Shares at the least in the said Undertaking: Provided always, that no Person holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contract under the said Company, shall be capable of being cholen or of serving as such Auditor during the Time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, Employment, or holding such Contraot.

■1 L / - /

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Auditors so elected, or the Person or Persons elected in their Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall continue in. Office until the said First Tuesday in the Month of May aforesaid; and on such Day one of the said Auditors shall go out of Office, and cease to be an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company; and in order to determine who of the said Auditors shall go out of Office, and cease to be an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company, the fame Proceedings shall be had as are herein-before directed in the Cafe of electing the Committee; and so on each succeeding First Tutfdjy in the Month of May, until each oTthe said Three Auditors so first elected shall have gone out of Office; and on the First Tuesday in every (uccecding Month of May in each and every Year, one of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be eiefted by Ballot as aforesaid, by the said Company, to be an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Cocn-pany; and such Person so eiefted shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as herein mentioned) and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the fad Company of Proprietors again to nominate and appoint any such Person so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, again to be an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case, on any such First Tuesday in the Month of May in any Year, no such Nomination and Appointment of such Auditor shall be made, the f.me Provisions-which are herein-before enacted in respect of electing the Committee, shall take Effect in respect of the Auditor to be eiefted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons nominated and appointed by the said Company to be an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Compam, shall die or refuie to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall noc or cease to be entitled to Thrte Shares (at the least) in the said Undertaking, or shall hold any Place, Office, Employment or Contraft under the said Company, then and in every such Case the fame Provisions herein-before enacted in respect ot electing the Committee, shall takeEtfeft in tefpeftof the Auduois to be eiefted to fill fuefi Vacancies as aforesaid.

General AlTemoHe* for choosing Committee and Auditors, to conbit of 1 jo Shares.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any such General Aflem-bly there shall not be Persons piefent either as Piincipals or Proxies, who' shall be pufleffed of or entitled unto at least One hunched and fifty Shares in the said Undtr;aking, such General Assembly of the said Company shall be adjourned to that Day Week to be holden at the same Place, and so from Time to Time 110111 there shall be such Persons present at such General

49° GEORGII III. Cap'. 189. 3895

neral Assembly having such Number of Shares as aforesaid; and of every such adjourned Meeting Five Days Notice shall be given in Two or more of the London Newspapers, and in one or more Newspaper or Newspap. rs usually circulatingh the County of Kent-, and in c.Te of Failure of the alfembling of a sufficient Number of Proprietors, having such Shares as Principals or Proxies, at such General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such Second or Adjourned General Assembly, in Person or by Proxy, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company, lor every Share which he or file shall possess in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be deducted out of his or her next succeeding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking (as the Case may happen); and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the making such Default, then and in every such Case such Penalty and Forfeiture-of Ten Shillings shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as any other Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act may be levied and recovered.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the Committee or No Member Auditor shall hold any Contract, or enjoy any Place of Profit created by ^r^" this Act, or be beneficially employed, or in any Manner interested or con- Auditor, to1 cerned directly or indirectly in supplying any Article or Materials for the ^al’yCon'-* U e of the said Company; and in case any Member of the Committee or tract. Auditor shall hold any Contract, or enjoy any Place of Profit created by

this Act, or shall be in any Manner beneficially employed or c ncerned di-redtly or indbedPy in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Company, every such Member of the Committee or Auditor shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, together with full C >fts of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of R cord at IVJiminji.r, by Action of Debr, or on the Cafe, cr by Bill, PLinr, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Pfotedtion, or Wager of Law, or more than O le Imparlance shall be allowed; and One-half of such Penalty when recovered shall he paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Half shall be paid to the said Company, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the Person and Persons lo convicted shall be absolutely disqualified from being a Member or Members of the find Committee or Auditors; and no Member of the Committee interested in any such Contract*

Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, shall vote in any Question touching or concerning the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprle- P"wer*t6 tors shall have Power and Auth rity at any such General Assembly to re-

move and displace any Member of the Committee or Auditor nommared and appointed determined by virtueof this Act, and from Time to Time to nominate and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead; and it Avail and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors a: any General or Special General Assembly, to order and dilpnfe of the Custody of their Cammon Seal, and the Use and Application thereof, and to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the good Government of the said Company and their Servants, Agents and Workmen, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and from Time 10 Time to alter and repeal the said By- Law?, Rules, Orders, and

Regulations,.

3896 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

Regulations, or any of them, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon ail Persons who shall offend against the fame, as to liich General or Special General Assembly shall leem meet, no exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company, shall be printed, and shall thereupon bind anu be observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court ot Law or Equity to jollify all Persons who shall act under the fame, provided the lame be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them; and the said Company Lhall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Pace or Places, as shall at any such General or Special General Assemblies be thought proper and convenient.

Afftmblies of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear tor/nu^be that, for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special tjvciaiiy con- General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be veiicd. held, it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Proprietors, not being

less than Ten in Number, possessing in the Whole Fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, to cause Twenty-one Days Notice at lead to be given of such Special General Assembly, in some Newspaper usually drcuLced in the said Counties of Kent and Surrey, or in such Manner as the said Com-pny of Pi. prietors shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint, lpe-tifying in such Notice the Reafun and Intention of requesting such Special General Assembly, and ihe Time when and the Place where the lame shall be holden, which Place shall be within Two Miles of the Head Offic of the said Waterworks, and the said Propiittors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice; and such of them as shall be piefent at such Special General Assembly shall proceed to the Execution or the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors, with resprft to such Matters alone as shall be fprtified in such Notice; and all such Acts, Orders, or Determinations of the Proprietors, or the major Parc of them so met together at every such Special General Assembly (provided that the said Proprietors present, either as P, incipals or Proxies, shall be peffff-d of at lead One hundred and fpry Shares in the said Undertaking) shall be as valid with resprft to the Maiters specified in such Notice, as it the fame had b.en done at any Hated General Assembly of Rrrrs to be

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Thar it shall be lawful for the said ajfcijiieU. Company of Proprietors, at any General Assembly, to nominate and appoint (by Ballot, if required by any Proprietor present) under the Common Seal of the said Company, a Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clerks for the Year eniuing, and such other Officers as to them the said G mpany of Proprietor shall seem proper, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clcks, or other Officers, or any of them, and to nominate and aj point another Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead, in Manner aforesaid, taking such Security from every such Treasurer or other Officer in a Situation of Trull lor the due Execution of their respective Offices, and to settle and grant them such Salary or Compensation as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and such Clerk or Clerk,’shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided 1. by-y

49° GEORG 11 HI.CCfcp.189. #97

by the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, enter anj keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the fever I Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietor, cf or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and ot all other Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors and Committee respectively; and each of the said Proprietors of the said Undertaking shall and may at all Times have Recourse to and perule and inspect the fame, and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Chief or other Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, gratis, and may demand and hav©

Copies thereof or any Part thereof, paying the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied; and if any such Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall refuse to permit ary Proprietor or Proprietors, so iflterested as aforesaid, to inl'p ft or p ruse such Book or Books of Proceedings, at all convenient Tim s and Ssafms, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rare or P ice aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any SUm not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Forappolntin* said Committee to suspend any Treasurer, Engineer* Clerk, Officer, or of Vatanvies* Servant of the said Company, giving Fourteen D.tys Notice of such their Intention to such Treasurer, Engineer, C'erk, Officer, or Servant, for any Neglect, Misconduct, or Inability, and appoint' some other P^rfon, pro tempore, in their respective Places, and also to fill up the Vacancies that may occur by Death, Resignation, or otherwise; but in case any such Suspension or new Appointment shall be made by the said Committee, the same shall continue only until the next General or Special General Assembly of the said Proprietors, when the Suspenfnn or Appointment of fuchr Person or Persons shall be annulled Or confirmed; and such other fit Person shall be appointed to succeed to such Office as the said Proprietdfs, at such General or Special General Assembly, shall think proper.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer, Engr* offi-.ers, &c, neer, Clerk, and all other Officers and Persons fd to he appointed as afore-' to accou"t-laid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall direct,

deliver co the said Company of Proprietors or to'the said Committee oi* to such Person or Persons as they respectivrly shall appornt, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act* and also of all the Monies which shall nave been by such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Officer or Offi ers, and P. rf in or Persons respectively received by virtue and so- the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disburlrd, and for'what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vjuche: s tdr such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as (halt remain in their tefpdftive Hands, to the said Company of Proprietors or to the said Committee, or to such Person or Persons as ‘they respect alv shall appoint; and if any such Treasurer, Engineer, Cletk, Officer, or Person shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors or to the said Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectivrly shall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being there-t I, [Lee. Per.] 431 unto

j8gS 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

utuo required by the said Company of Proprietors or determined by the said Committee, all Book's, Papers and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act; or thall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance or any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Company of Proprietors or to the said Committee, or as they respectively shall direct and appoint, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may and are hereby authorized and empowered to b' ing or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so nrglefling or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors or by the said Committee, or by luth Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint lor that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein the said Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside, such Justice or Justices may and is and are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his and their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, to be brought before him; and up in his, her, or their appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way j and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the 1 rftimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Officer or Officers, Person or Person-', such Justice or Justices may and is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non« payment thereof by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Officer or Officets, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall still persist in refusing or neglecting to deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, to the said Company of Proprietors or to the said Committee, or as they respectively shall appoint, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for such County, City, or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors or with the said Committee, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors of to the said Committee; but no Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Officer Or Person so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be confined or detained in Pnion by virtue of this Act for any longer Space than Three Calendar Months.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the Committee shall have more than One Vote at any Meeting of the said C rmmittee, except the Chairman, and who, in case of an Equality of Votes upon any Question which may be agitated at any Meeting, (Hall have the decisive or calling Vote, although he may have given one Vnte before; and all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee, may be done and exercised by the major Part of them presentat their respective Meetings, the whole Number present noc being less than Five* and the said Committee shall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to the said GeneralAITrmblies, and, if required, to the said Special General Assemblies of the P oprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directons; and the said Commi tee shall (subject nevertheless at all Times to such Orde s and Dirrflions as aforesaid) meet at such Times and Places, and shall from Time to Time adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places as tley shall think fit; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meeting , the lai d Committee shall from Time to Time rec ive out of the said Capital Stock of the said Proprietors, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted, and settled at such General Assemblies, and the said Commiitce shall and may contrail for and agree for the Purchas'e of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments that may be taken for the Pu^poses of the said Undertaking, and the Works thereunto belonging, and Ih 11 and may settle, adjust, and determine all Matters, Quest onc, and Differences which shall or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors and the several Owners and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenem nts, or Hcie-ditatnents which shall or may be taken and damaged or affeited by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and shall and may m ke Contrails, Agreements, and Bargains with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned in making or completing and continuing the Works belonging to the said Undertaking, and all and every Part or Parcs thereof; and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless to the Otders and Directions of such General or Special General Assemblies as aforesaid) have full Power and Auth > i y to direct and manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors.; and the said Committee shall, by themselvesor the Clerk ro the Lid Company of Proprietors, keep a full and true Account of all Monies dish 01 led and Payments made by the said Committee, and by all and e>'ery Firf>n and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every bum and Sums of Money which, they shall receive on Behalf or in rtfptil of the said Undertak ng, from any Collector or Collectors, or other Officrr or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomf ever, employed m or having any Concerns, Dealings, or Tranlactions with the said Undei taking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and shall regu'arly, determined by thrm-selves onheirC'erk as aforesaid, write, infrrt, and enter in a Book or Books to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the Lie Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, Minutes or Copies, as the Case may require), of every such Contract, Bargain, Receipt or D Ibursement, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or B< oks lhad be deposited with and kepe locked up under the Care and Direction of the said Committee: P ovided always, that every Proprietor shall hive ree Accels thereto, upon every reasonable Desire, for his or her Intpection; and the said Committee shall have Power from Time to Time to make such

$q99

Power of the Committee.

3900

Proprietori m y altend the Meeting! of Commit ee but not to vote.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. rS9.

such Call or Calls for Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the lame, as they the said Committee from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, lb that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon each Share; and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Thirty Days at lead from each other, and Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid, by Advertisement in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulating in the City of London and in the said Counties of Kent and Surrey, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly director appoint-, provided that it shall not be lawful to m.ke any further Call upon any Proprietor or Proprietors who (hill have paid to the said Company, in obedience to the said Calls or otherwise, the full Amount of the Sum which by his, her, or their Subscription he, she, or they had undertaken to pay for his, her, or their said Share or Shares and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any S are. or Shares in thfc said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, or thcnr rateable-Pro* portions of the Monies to be called for as iforesaid, to such PeTon or Persons and at such Time and Place as the said Commitne shall f pm Time to Time order and diredf; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or propor i >n»ble Part of the said Money lo called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Committee, or within Twenty-one Days next ensuing, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Share he, she, or ihev shall have irt the said Undertaking; and if such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Cabs at aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Tint* so appointed for Payment thereof, then he, she, or they f» neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit his, her, or their ofpeClive Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits the eof; all which Shares so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Pro* prietors in Trust for and for the Benefit of all the Rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in thefaio Undertaking, or shall, at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special General Assemblies, be publicly fold for the Use of the Rest of the said Proprietors whofr Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any Share or Shares, until Notice shall have been given to or left at the usual or last Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively; provided such Place or Places of Aboae shall be known to the Cieik of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be within Ten Miles of The Royal Exchange of the City of London, nor until the fame Share or Shares shall likewise have been de* clared to be forfeited at some General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any Proprietor in the said Undertaking to be present and assist at , any Meeting of the Committee of the said Company, but no Person shall vote on any (^utftion agitated at any Meeting of the said Committee, except tte Members compoGng such Committee.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189, 3901

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Auditors of the Accounts D"*7 °.f of the said Company shall and they are hereby required Twice in every A' '

Year, to meec at some convenient Place to audit and settle all Accounts

of Money received,’laid out and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking, by the Treal'urers, Receivers, or Collectors of any Money for the said Company, and their Officers by them appointed, and by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them in and about the said Undertaking, and the Works theft unto belonging; and the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors shall a id he is hereby required to attend such Meetings of the Auditors, and at such Meetings of the Auditors a fair and correct Statement of the Accounts of the said Company shall be made out for the Inspection of the next succeeding General Assembly for their Confirmation; and such Auditors shall receive such Salary or Compensation for their Services as the said Proprietors at any General or Special General A (Terribly shall appoint; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, such Auditors shall from Time to Time receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Proprietors such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted, and settled at any General Assembly of the said Company.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the respect SuMcrihers to five Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or ad- £*' *!lfir. vance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be " mpi° ' Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in

the said Undertaking, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers and Direct ons of this Act) at such Times and Places, and in such Manrer as shall be directed by the said Committee; and in case any of such Subscrib.-rs shall negfed or reful’e to pay the lame, at the Time and Place and in Manner lb required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to iue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

XXIX. And it is hereby further ertaded. That all and every Sum and Power to ihs

Sums of Money, which (bail previous to the passing of this Act have been l r P ie'" paid by any Subscriber or Subscribers to the said Undetuking, for or on MoneyTi.i account of any Share or Shares therein, to any Person or Persons whom- nn ac untef 1cever, shall be accounted fur by such Person or Persons to the said Com- sieves pitv,-pany of Proprietors or their Committee, or to such Person or Perfum, oo.- •."iV-and at such Time or Times as they shall respectively appoi it; and in case l!,i*

of Non-payment thereof, the same shall and may te recovered by the said Company of Proprietors from the Person or Persons to whom or to whose Account the same shall have been paid, in such and in like Marine-, and by such Ways and Mean? as if such Sum or Sums of Money had been advanced and paid by or received on account of the said Company of Proprietors after the passing of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Addons brought by the DireSingtiie

fiid Company of Proprietors, against any Person or Pei Cons who have or £-

hath lublcribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money hriptwlC" for and towards the said Undertaking, or against any Owner or Owners,

[Lee. Ss* Per.'] 43 K Proprietor

9°2 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alielge that the Defendant or Defendants, being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in arrear shall amount to, for such and so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be), whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without fetcing forth the special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action it shall be only necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls, wis or were an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of some Share or Shares in the said Waterworks, and that such Call or Calls was or were in fast made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Act; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Distance of Thirty Days from the lad preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid.

■Committee

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subscriber to intere!!°to [':e fnid Undertaking shall be minded and defircus to pay or advance im-Proprietors on mediately, into the Hands of the said Committee, or of the Person whom nXaice "n they aPP°*nt to receive the same, the full Amount of his Subscription for such Share or Shares for which lie tnay have subser bed, or any Part thereof, not being less than a Sum of Fifty Pounds, without waiting for the said Call or Calls, then and in such Cale it shall be lawful for the said Committee 10 pay to the said Subictiber or Subiciibers, out of the Funds of the said Company, Inrereft upon the fame at the R oe of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon ihe Amount which such Payment or Advance may be, over and above the said Calls; and from the Period of the Call immediately preceding such Paymenc or Advance, up to the Period of such subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum then in Advance over and above the Amount of the said Call.

On the Dfath

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Irsfth^rKx- Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, editor- m y shall happen to die before Rich Call or Calls shall have been made for the payment ot* Sum or Sums to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he, tlit shares. Ihe, or they shall have been posseded of or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise how and in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future C• 11 - in rrfptft thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, fur the Purpose of the said Undertaking; then and in such Case the Ex-*e utors or Administrators of any such Owner or Owners so dying, or the Tiuftee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, of any Lunatick or Lun.uicks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infants, or any other Person or PtiUis entitled to the LiUre and Effects of such deceased Owner or Owner., Piopiiuor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or

7 Persons

39 03

49° GEORGII III. Cap. it9:

Person3 whomsoever, for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not have less Assets sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to admit any other Person or Persons to be Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, Prop ieror or Proprietors, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted, do and shall, on er before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians cf any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, in his, her, or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or Inch other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for; and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the Rest of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in Trust for and for the equal Benefit cf all the Rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their rtfpcftive Imerefts in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fuldand disposed of by virtue of this Act.

XXX1JI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the fcvtr.il Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, (lie, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned-, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

« T in Consideration of paid to me by

of do hereby

* bargain, fell, sffign, and transfer to the said the

< Sum of Capital Stock, of and in the Kent

< Waterworks, being Part [or, the Whole, as the Case may be], of my i Share [or. Shares]] in the said Undertaking, to hold to the said

, his [or, her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

« subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the lame Conditions that I hold the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said do hereby agree to take and

< accept the said Capital Stock or Share, subject to the same Rules, Orders,

< Rcftiiftions, and Conditions'. As witness our Hands and Seals the

t Day of

And on every such Sale, the said Deed of Conveyance being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have

Shares nuy be fold.

Form of Conveyance cf Stem.

3904

No Shares shall

lie fold af t r a Call. ' 1 she Monty isp-t d

Tor ad erfai ins; pro-prictoi ship i f Shares :n ceit.cn C fc3.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have tefbfied or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby rtquired to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no P rtprSharein the*Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Snare or Shares paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, Thar after any C -11 of such Money shaft have been made by such Committee a- afatefai !, no Person or Persons fit. 11 fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall poffi-fs in the hid U dcrtaking, on pain of forfeiting his, her, or their respective Sh ire cr Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, in Crust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless lie, she, or they, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, shall have paid and difehirged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum which shall have been called for upon each S iare f (old or transferred; such Forfeiture nc-vertheless to be notified and declared at a General or Special Genetal Assembly.

XXXV. And vhtreas in case when the original Sobscriber of One or n o e Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall tie, become insolvent or bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer h s Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of t1 e Transfer thereof with t'.e f.id Clerk as diredrd by this Act, it may not le in the Poaver of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such S tare or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them No-ice or Notices of Calls made on such S: are or Shares as is hereby required, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her, or Lem fur the Recovery of iii" fame, cr for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, or them the b tcuft or Dividends to which he, (lie, or they rm.y be entitled by virtue thereof; be it further enacted, That in all the Cases aforesaid, when the Right anti Proferty in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the origin 1 Proprietor thereof to any other Person or IV fur s, I y any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance then of as he ein dhected, an Affidavit fh.il! be made and (worn to by Two cred b!r Pc Uns, b so e One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, (laiing the Manner in which such Share or Snares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons; and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Cl k to the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that he may a id he is hereby required to enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the kegifter BJck or Lift of Proprietors in the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the said Cl ik; and that in all or any of the said Cases it shall be lawful fur the said<Company of Proprietors at any Gcneial Meeting, after T hree Cilerd r Months Notice shall have seen given by the said Treasurer or Clerk t;j the Owners, or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or O ne s hereof, and such Person or Persons fli dl no: have paid his, her, or their Proport.on of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any

Call

39°5

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

Call or Calls as aforesaid, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three Times at the Intervals of Fourteen Days between such Advertiie-menc in some Two London or other Newspape-s circulated in the said Counties of Kent and Surrey, to declare at any General Meeting the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited, and ibid and dilpcfed of as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.

XXXVI. And, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking as to their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required, at their Second or fotne subsequent General Meeting, to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors; and after such Entry made to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause aCertificateorinstrument with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking; every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more for every such Certificate or Instrumenf, and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner or Proprietor of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof; and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced, worn out, or damaged, or ftiail have been lost or destroyed, then another shall be made out and entered by the Clerk on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall enable, or be deemed, construed, or taken to enable ihe laid Company of Proprietors to take or use any Part of the Lands or Grounds of or belonging to Metcalfe Carleton Esquite,

situate in the said Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, for any of the Purposes of this Act, except with the Consent of the said

Metcalfe Carleton, his Heirs or Assigns, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act com ioed shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to mike, ered, or lay any Works, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, Mains, or Pipes, in the Parish of Saint Mary Woolmch, in the County of Kent.

XXXIX. Provided always, That the Furnace of every Steam Engine to be erected by the said Company of Proprietors, shall be construded upon the Principle of consuming its own Smoke.

[Loc. y Perf] 43 P

Names of Propiietoi*, and Numbers of their Shares, to be entered in a Book, and Tickets with the Number, delivered to them.

Not to take any of the Lands belonging to Mr. Carleton without his Conient.

No Works to he erected in the PariOi of Woolwich.

Furnaces of Steam Engines to con. fume their own Smoke.

39a6

Hou(er, G;tr-

d?11S. Arc. oot

to be injure j.

Kent Water-

wo' k* t.’ »-

p-my Pro-f*ri foi h may contract t r the H irchafe oft c Riven fbourne Waterworks.

"Veftinfr the Have nfbourne Water *v ks ir the Kent Waterwoiks Company.

Protecting Ruht* ct Raver fboutnc Water works Proprietors.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

XL. Provided always, That noth ng in this Act concaine 1 shall atitho-riz~ 01 rtn >owr the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons rating by «r umier their Authority, to take, ule, injure or damage, in the nuking . r completing of the said Waterworks Aqutdufts, or other Works rel ting thereto, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, an> FLul'e, Bridge, or other Building which was erected or built on or before t ie pad! :g of this Act; or any Lind or Ground which on or before that Time was set apart and used as and for a Yard, Park, Paddock, G ir Jen, plante.1 Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Confenc of the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being.

XLI. And whereas the Waterworks established under the Authority of the said Royal Letters Patent, might be more conveniently and benefi aliy carried on than at prefcot, if the fime together with the said Letters Patent and all Rights and Privileges thereunto belonging, were purchased by and vested in the said Company of Proprietors, and the said Waterworks* were concluded determined by them; and the said Company are therefore desirous of purchasing such Waterworks and Letters Patent aforesaid, and all Rights and Privileges thereunto belonging; be it therefore enacted, That ii shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to contiaft and agree for the Purchase of the said Letters Patent, and all Rights and Privileges thereunto belonging, and to take a Conveyance, Surrender and Alignment, or Conveyances, Surrenders and Alignments, by such Deeds and Acts in Law as shall be requisite in that Behalf, of such Letters Patent aforesaid, and of all and singular the said Waterworks estabished under and by virtue of the said Letters Patent, and all the Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other the filiates, Goods, Chattels and Property of every Description, and wheresoever situate, appertaining to the said Waterworks, and of and belonging to the*Proprietor or Persons interested in the Lid Waterworks, and other the Premises, as such Proprietors, and every Parr, Parcel and Member thereof, with their and every of their Appurtenances.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the fame Letters Patent, and all Rights and Privileges thereunro belonging, together with the last-mentioned Waterworks, Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments and other the Estates, Goods, Chattels and Property last-mentioned, and every Parr, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their Appurtenances relptftively, shall, when and as so> n as the same shall be purc-balrd by and conveyed, lurrer.de:e ’, or aligned to the said Company of Proprietors, become and be vested in them and their Successors for the Purposes enumerate d in the said Letters Patent, and this Act; and from thenceforth all the Powers, Privileges, Authorities Duties and Offices given and created by the said Letttrs Patent may and shall be exercistd, enjoyed, and performed respectively by the said Company of Proprietors and their Buc-celfors.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to convey Water by Pipes or otherwise, for the Purpose of supplying all or any of the Inhabitants residing within the said Royal Manors of East Greenwich

■8 and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189. 39°7

and Sayes Court in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, or either of them, with Water, or in any o her Manner directly or indirectly to a heft, invane, prejudice or injure the leveial Rights and Privileges, or any of rhcm, by the said L-tters Patent vested in the Proprietors if the lame, without the ■Licence and Content of such last-mentioned Proprietors in Writing under their r, spective Hands first for that Purpose granted, or until the Put* chafe by the said Company of Proprietors of the Waterworks establish.d under the Authority of the said Royal Letters Patent, and which Purchase the said Company ot Proprietors are by this Act authorized to make, shall have been completed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said rower to Company of Proprietors and their Successors, by therrfcives, their Depu-ties, Offictrs, Agents, Servants, Workmen and Assistants, to make, complete, maintain, and keep Waterworks, Conduits, Pants, aqueducts,

Water Wheels, Fire Engines and other Engines, Pipes and other Conveniences, in the several Parishes, Townships or Places of Saint Nicholas Deptford, Saint Alphage Greenwich, Saint Margaret Lee, and Saint Mary Lewisham\ in the County of Kent, and likewise in the Parish, Township, or Puce of Sair.t Paul Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey,

New Crtfs within the Manor of Hatcham,' and in that Part of the Paiiih of Saint Paul Deptford which is in the County of Surrey, and likewise in tire Pdrish or Township cf Saint Mary Rolherlnthe, otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and not elsewhere, subject nevertheless to the Proviso hete'n-after contained in respect of the said Minors of East Greenwich and Sayes Court, for supplying the fame respectively with W,tcr from the said River Ravenfborve by the said Waterworks; and the said Com-p <ny of Proprietors are hereby fully empowered, by themselve;, their Deputies, Officers, Agents, Workmen or Servants, to supply the said intended Waterworks, aqueducts, or other Receptacles, whiUt the same shall be making, and at all Times lor ever after the same shall be made, with Water from the said River Ravenfbcrne, and to make such and so manjr Fecder=, Tunnels and Shafts, and to make, erect and set up such and so many St p Gates, Locks, Sluices, Weirs, Engines, Sceam Engine*, and other Machines for supplying the said Waterworks, aqueducts and Receptacles wth Water, and for any other Purposes; and for the making and main aiuing and using such Waterworks, aqueducts and Receptacles, as they the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall from Time to Tune think proper and exp: dient; and also to make such Wacch-houses and other Works, and all such Cisterns, Ponds, Basons, Main-pipes, ,

Rider-pipes, Hand-pipes Stand-pipes, Service-pipes, Branches of Lead and orher Metal, Cocks, Chamber-cocks, Cocks in common, Stop-cocks,

Valves, F r plugs. Air-plugs, Fire-cocks, Bores, Mains, Ferries, Feeders,

Fatipers, Drains Pumps, Sluices, and all such other Works and Devices, as and whenever the said Company of Proprietors shall think requisite for the lever.1l Purposes of this Act; anJ ai so from Time to Time to divert, alter, repair, widen, enlarge, amend and discontinue the fame, and to make and mainta n any other Works and Conveniences of or belonging to the said Waterworks and Aquedutfls respectively, as shall be deemed necessary or proper for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, amending, maintaining, and uling the said Waterworks and aqueducts rei’pcc-tively, and the Works’thereof, and for carrying and conveying Articles and Th ngs to and from the said Waterworks; and also to construct, erect,

do

39°8 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

do and perform all Matters and T hings which shall be deemed nectflary and exprdient for the making, completing, using, preserving and improving of the said Waterworks, Aqueduds and Feeders, and the Wotks con-neded therewith, in pursuance and within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; they the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Deputies, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereby granted; and this Act (Trail be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Servants, Workmen, and all other Persons for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to take or use any Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments whatsoever, for any of the Purposis of this Act, without tire Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, first had and obtained for that Purpose.

vvu kf fc'

XLVI. And whereas a Map or Plan dtferibing the Line of the Aque-

u‘ ’’ c duds and Mains intended to be made and construded, hath been depo-

fiied with the Cletks of the Peace for the said Counties of Kent and Surrey j be it therefore enacted, That such Map or Plan shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerks of the Peace for the Time being, or their Deputies respectively, and that all Persons inttrclled therein shall at all reasonable Times have Liberty to insped and peruse the lame, and take a Copy thereof, paying a reasonable Compensation to the Clerk of the Peace, from whom the same shall be obtained, or his Deputy, for every such In. spedion.

Lands, «ir. 10 be iaken wuhout Content.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corpmate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to contract for, leafr, (ell and convey the fame and every Part thereof to the said Company of Proprietor; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, according to the following Form:

°JC* * T of in Consideration of the

Company.0' ‘ Sum of to me paid [or, in Consideration

* of the Annual Rent of to me to be hereaiter

‘ •yielded and paid by Yearly or Half-yearly Payments, as may be

* agreed, onj by the Company of Propiirtors of The Kent Waterworks,

* do hereby grant and release to the said Company, all \iejcribing the Pre-

* mises to be conveyed] and a’l my Right, Tide an i Inte elf to and in the ‘ fame and every Parc thereof, to hold to the aid Company and their Sue-‘ cessors for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning

* of the Ad, passed in die Forty-ninth Year of the Re;L>n of His present

* Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here infer t tie Title of this Act.]

* In W1 ness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand a.id Seal, this

‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord \

Bodies Politic, &t. may fell Linds lo Company.

Which

39°9

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

Which said Conveyance shall be kept by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the Lmej and (bail have and receive Sixpence for every One hundred Words of each such attclled Copy, and so in Proportion for any leis Number of Words.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers herein contained, shall be paid and applied in manner following; (that is to say), in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, it shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Company of Propi ietors of The Kent Waterworks, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fumtnary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the Lid Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the lame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or assessing other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or when such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trust?, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchaLd, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of tile Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuiiies; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities Hi ill be ordered by the Lid Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money so payable to any Corporation, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all < such Cases the fame shall, at the Option'of such [Lee. Per.] 43.M- Corporation,

Purchase Monies or C'lro-penfationsdue to Corporate Bodies, Minors, &c. to be hid ou: to the lime Uses, when the finite (halt exceed ioob

Aoplication

when the

Contpensation * Money does, not exceed 100I and is not le,« than ael.

S9io

Application when 1 ft than jo).

The C< nrt miyorc'errea-fohable Ex. ponces to be paid by the Company.

Rejecting the Supply of

W.'tUi,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

Corporation, to be signined in Writing under their Common Seal or such other customary Form, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court ot Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hertin-before directed; or other wise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Patty making lurh Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Committee of the said Company (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Common Seal or such other customary form as aforesaid, or the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money payable to such Corporation, shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the immediate Ule of such Corporation, by Payment of the same to the Clerk, Treasurer or such other like Officer of such Corporation •, and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Committee shall pay the fame, shall be a fuffV-ient Discharge for the same.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of the Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or of the Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments to be settled to the hke Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or lb much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Coifs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company ot Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Inhabitants of the fever*! Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places aforesaid, subject to the Proviso herein-before contained in respect of the said Manors of Enji Greenwich and Saycs Court, as shall be desirous of having Water from the said Waterworks laid into their Houses, Buildings or other P.emifes, may and are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own Expence (having first obtained the Content in Writing under the Hand of such Pafon as shall be authorized by the said Company of Proprietors or their Commitcee to give such Consent, ard with the Content of the Owners of the Premises through which the Pipes shall be conveyed) to open ihe Ground between the Company’s aqueducts or Main-pipes, and the respective Houses, Buildirgs, or other Premises of such Inhabitants, and to lay any leaden Pipe or Pipes (the Bore thereof to be ascertained by the said Company) from such respective Houses, Buildings or other Premises, to communicate with the said aqueducts or Main-pipes, such respective Inhabitants paying to

such.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189. 3911

such Company of Proprietors Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, such Rate or Rates, or Sum or Sums of Money for such Water as shall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to cause the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating with the Aquedu&s and Main-pipes belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, to be separated from the same aqueducts or , Main-pipes, and to cause the Water to be flopped from issuing or running into the House, Building, or other Premises of every Person making such Default, and that the Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due and in Arrear from such Person or Persons to the said Company or Proprietors, shall and may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the fame, in the same Manner as Rents reserved on common Demifcs may by Law be recovered; and if any Person shall lay or cause to be laid any leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any such Aqueduct or Main-pipe belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, without such Consent being obtained as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors and their Surcessors any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day such Pipe shall so remain:

Provided always, that all and every Person and Persons who shall have laid any leaden Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty to remove and take away such Pipe and Pipes, and the Cock or Cocks to such Pipe or Pipes belonging.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and as often as Ground any Ground shall or may be opened or broken up, either by the said Company of Proprietors or by any ether Person or Persons, for laying, taking again as form up or repairing any Aqueduct or Main-pipe, or Communication Pipe, by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Company of Pro- while open. pTietors or other Person respectively shall fill or cause to be filled in such Ground, and the Rubbish occasioned by the opening or breaking up the fame, to be carried away as soon as conveniently may be, and in the mean Time to cause such Ground to be fenced or guarded, so that the fame, may not he dangerous to P,ffengers or Cattle: Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or in any such other Person or Persons, in taking up or repairing any of the said aqueducts or Main-pipes, or any of the said Communication Pipes, or in filling in such Ground, or removing the Rubbish thereby occasioned, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors or such other Persons so offending respectively shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIV. And, in order to preserve the Water clean and whohfome, be it f.t preferring further enabled, That if any Person shall bathe in any Aqueduct, Water- th*" way. Feeder or Pond made, maintained or supported by virtue of this Act, whStfomf. or wash any Dog or other Animal therein, or throw or cad any Dog or Cat, or any Filth, Dirt or other noisome or offensive Thing, or wash or cleanse any Cloth or any Wcol or Leather, or the Skins of She-p, Lambs, or other Animals, or any noisome or offensive Thing, in any such Re-

fervoir,

3912 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189,

ftrvoir, Aquedud, Waterway, Feeder or Pond; or caui'e or fuller the Water of any Sink, Sewer or Drain, to run or be conveyed into ny such. Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder or Pond, or cause any other Annoyance to be done to the Water contained in any such Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, whereby or by means whereof the Did Water or any Part thereof shall or may be foiled, fouled, or corrupted, then and in each and every such Cife every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Oft.nee any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or ule, or cause, permit, or suffer to be taken or used any Water from or out of any Aquedud or Pipe which shall be made or laid determined by virtue of this Act, without the previous Consent of the said Company of Proprietors; or if any Person or Persons supplied with Water by virtue of this Act, shall supply any other Person with any Part of such Water;, or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully let off or cause to run to walte any Water trom any such Aquedud or Pipe, then and in every such Case every Person lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said-Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, ard it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fir, to take or cut olF the Water so supplied by the said Company from the Houfr, Building or other Premises of the Person or Persons so offending.

LVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing herein certain Cacti* contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any Person or Persons whomsoever supplied with Water by virtue ol this Act, to any Penalty or Forfeiture for supplying any Person or Persons whomsoever with any Quantity of such Water in case of Fire, or during any Time that the Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Cocks, belonging to any Person or Persons supplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors shall or may happen to be out of Repair, such Pipe or Pipes, Cork or Cocks, nevertheless being repaired as loan as may be after any Damage shall happen thereto.

fersons fjp-plied shall not /apply others j and forpumfli-i«g Person3 wilfully letting off Water.

Except in

Comp«ny may

enrer Piemifas and lie that there it no of ■Water*

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Engineer, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee^ at any Time or Times between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, to enter into any Hmtfe, Building or other Premises supplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors, in order to in-sped and examine if there be any Waite, undue Diversion or improper Appropriation of the Water so supplied by the said Company of Proprietors; and if such Engineer or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, shall at any Time or Times between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, be refused Admittance or Entrance into any such Dwel'ing-house, Building or other Premises, for the Purpose of making such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, or on being admitted ibail becbllruded in or prevented from making such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may tA lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to cut and U turn

3913

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

turn off, or cause to be cut and turned off, the Wattr supplied by the said Company of Proprietors, from such House, Building, or other Premise?.

LVIII. And, to prevent as much as possible the wilful and negligent eiftcrns’obt Waste of Water, be ic therefore enacted, That each and every Person ProvllJt‘1> supplied with Water by tie laid Company of Proprietors shall, and he.

Hie. and they is and are hereby required to provide a proper Ciftcrn or Cisterns cf Lead, Brick or Wocd or other Materials, to receive and held such Quantity of Water as shall be by him or them deemed sufficient for his, her, or their Consumptiun, and hr, (he and they is and are hereby required to provide a Ball and Stop-cock, and to affix or cause to be ^ffixtd the same to the Pipe conducting the Water from the Main-pipe belonging to the said Company of Proprietors to such Ciltern cr Cisterns, for the Purpose of preventing the Water running into such Ciltern or Cisterns from running to »afte when the same shall be full: And in case any Person or Persons supplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors shall neglect to provide such Ciftcrn or Cisterns, and also a Ball and Stopcock, and to affix or cause to be affixed the fame in Manner aforesaid, for the Purposeof preventing the Water f.om running to walte when such Ciftcrn or Cisterns shall be filled as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or any Person or Persons acting by virtue of or under Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, to cut and turn off the Water by fucti W..ys and Means as to him or them shall seem right or proper, from the House,

Building or ether Premises of every such Person, until such Ciftcrn or Cisterns, and Ball or Stop-cock, shall be provided, and such Ball or Stopcock added in Manner aforesaid.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any P> rfon shall theow any penary ror Ballnft, Gravel, Stone or Rubbish into any Part of rhesaid Waterworks, opening Locks Aqueduds, Trenches, Watercouiles or Feeders to be made by virtue Danfa"eto"y of this Act, or Ih.iii wantonly cr unnecefiarify open or cause to be opened the Wo,ks. any Lock, Gate, Paddle, Valve or Clough belonging to the said Waterworks; or shall snare, angle, or take any Fi h out of the fame; or walh or bathe therein; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully flush or draw off or cause to be flulhed or diawn off the Wattr from any Purt of the said Waterworks, or shall leave any of the said Valves or Cloughs open and running belonging to the fume; or shall drasv or cause to be drawn any P iddle, Valve or Clough in any of the Loiks, Stop, or Clewgates in the said Waterworks, l'o as to inifprnd or wufte the Water thereof, its Courses or Feeders; cr shall wilfully obstrud, hinder, or prevent any Person in the Execution of this Act, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit and pay for every such Essence any Sum noC exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Punishment knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, or destroy any f,r decoying Banks or other Works erected, made, or maintained by virtue of this Act:, V'ulk!" then and in every such Case every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom fuih Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven [Lee. Per.] 43 W * Years,

39*4

perreftrain'ing * he Company from making iif; cf any Lanils belonging to their Maj cities.

Public Sewers not to b; in. teriered with except for laying Iron Mains or Pipes over or under the fame-

Notice to Cominiffian-eis of Severs, ol laving Pipes, Sec-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

Years, or in Mitigation of such Punshment such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cates of Petty Lar.eny.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authori eor empower the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, to take or use for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Ground or Land belonging to His Mqcfty, His Heirs or Successors, or any Land, or Ground, or Waft Ground belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, as Lord of the M nor ot Sayes Court or East Greenwich, or to His Lt ff es, Tenants, or Under'enants ie-ipedively 4 or to ered or construd any Engine or other Wo k in or upon any such Land or Ground, orjany Part thereof, without the special Licence and Consent of His Majesty, ITs Heirs or Successors, such Licence and Consent to be signified by an Order or Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed ro extend, to prevent or restrain the said Company from laying any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, in, over, through, or upon any Lands or Grounds belonging to His laid Majesty, Pi s Heirs or Successors, His said Lesseee, Tenants, or Undertenants respectively.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sewer or Drain which now is or shall hereafter be under the Jurisdiction of the several Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from Enjl Moulsey in the County of Surrey, to Ravsnjbourne, in the County of Kent, and from the Head of the Ravenjbourne aforesaid, to Lombards Wall, in the Lid County of Kent, shall be altered, changed, or interfered with, or be in anywise affected by any of the Provisions of this Act, save and except so far as may be necessary to enable the Company of Proprietors to lay Iron Mains or Pipes over or under, but not within or through the same.

I.XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall cause Notice in Writing to be left at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers respectively, specifying the Place in which any and every Iron Main or Pipe shall be designed to be laid over or under any such Sewer or Drain as before mentioned, and the Manner of laying the fame, and upon every such Notice the said Clerk shall and he is hereby required to convene a Meeting of the said Commissioners or any Twelve or more of them, to be held within Fourteen Days after such Notice shall be so left as aforesaid, which said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required within Twenty Days after fetch Meeting, to order and direct the Manner in which such Iron Main or Pipe shall be passed under or over the said Sewer or Drain, unless the passing and conveying the said Main or Pipe shall prevent or interfere with the cleansing or altering any such Sewer or Drain, or the completing of any Work by the said Commissioners of Sewers in or about the fame; and in ail Cases where the said Commissioners shall be prevented from making an Order within Twenty Days after they shall have been so convened, by any of the Caufrs arore-taid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make such Order within Ten Days after the said Sewer or Drain shall have been lo cleansed or altered, or the said Works completed. i

7 LXIV. Provided ’

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189. 3915

LXIV. Provided also, and be it furth r cnafb d, Thac all Damages to be to

occasioned by or in consequence of the laying, piuing, or passing ny and s./i «, See. every Iron Pdain or P.pr over or under any Scw.-r or Dr in, Ihtil t on bylrjiag Time to Time lie made goud by the said Company of Proprietors t*j the Satisfaction and good Liking of the said Commitfi ers of S-w is, within c n'panjrof Twenty-one Days after any and every such Main or Pipe shall he so laid p‘°Plie,0‘s* down, placed, or passed; and in caf- ihefiid Company shall n 0IecI so to make good such Damage wirhm the Time aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said CommilTmners of Se ers to mike good, and to order and direct all proper and necessary Works for effect ng the lame; and the Expences occaliomd by reason thereof shall be pad by the Tres-surer, Clerk, or Agent 10 the said Company of Proprietors, to the Trea-ftsrer or Expenditor-Ger.eral to the said Comm fliontrs of Sewers, within Twenty-one Days next after an Acc unt of the fame, and Demand of Payment thereof, signed by the Cl rks to the said Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall be delivered to the Treasurer, Clcik, or Agent of the said Company, or any of them, or left at his or their, or any of their Dwelling House or Houses; and if the same shall not be so paid within the Time aforesaid, then that it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Expenditor for the Time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers, in his own Name, to sue for and recover the said Expences by Action of Debt, to be brought against the said Treasurer, Clerk, or Agent for the Time being of the said Company ot Pr,prietors, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at ffejiminster, together with full Costs of suing for the fame, in which Action no Etloign or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Relenting ail Ad contained shall be construed or taken to hinder or prevent the said Commissioners of Sewers, their Surveyors or Servants, from deepening, mffionrrsof widening, or altering the Course of any S wer or Sewe s over or under which any Main or Pipe shall have been laid, placed, or passed; and that in all such Cases the Expences of taking up, relaying, lengthening, securing, or fixing the said Pipes, and all Damages fuffained or to be sustained by reason thereof, shall be made good by the said Company of Proprietors, or other wise repaid to the said ! rcafuier or Expenditor Genrrji to the Commissioners of Sewers; and in Default thereof, recovered in the Manner herein-before provided for in the Cafe of the original laying, placing, or passing such Iron Main or Pipe.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Ground or Fomrevent-Highway which shall or may be epened or brok-n up by the said Company of Proprietors and Occupiers respectively, for laying, taki 'g up, or Hi*1 »■ y« repairing any Main or Common Pipe within such several Distids and '*y S» Places by virtue of this Act, shall be filled in, and the Rubbish thereby P"’’ occasioned carried away as soon as conveniently may be; and in the mean Time shall be tenced or guarded so as that the fame may not be d-mgerous to Paffenoers or Cattle, and the Pavement and Ground and all Thing that shall have been removed^ shall also be made good as soon as conveniently may be by the said Company of Proprietors, in case of the said Ground being opened for laying, taking up, or repairing any Main Pipe, and at the Expense of the respective Occupiers opening the said Ground for saying, taking up, or repairing any Communication Pipe: Provided always, thac

3916 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants of the said Company, or in any of the said Occupiers, in taking up or rt'Dairing any of the said Main Pipes, or any of the said Communication Pipes, or in filling in or removing the Rubbish thereby occasioned, or in fencing or guarding the Piace or Places which shall be so opened, or in making good the P..vement, Ground, and other Things which shall have been removed, that then and in every such Case the said Company and their Agents, and the Occupiers respectively, fh .11 forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

P pri to be

laid by the Sides

Turnpike Roads, &c.

LXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That whenever it shall be found necessary by such Company of Proprietors, their Agents or Workmen, to lay down Pipes for the Purpose of conveying Water under any Part of any Turnpike Roads, such Pipes shall be laid down on the Sides of the said Roads only, and as near the Footpath as can be, unless in Cases where the Intervention of a Common Sewer, or other unavoidable Hindrance or Obllruftion, shall make a Deviation absoluicly necessary, or where it shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying Pipes across the said Roads for the Purposes of Communicatit n between the Main-pipes and the Service-pipes so laid down on the Sides of the said Roads, or Leaden Pipes to communicate from the Main or Semcr-pipcs to the Houses to be supplied therefrom; or where the Confcnc of the Trustees of such Roads respectively shall be obtained to lay down Pipes otherwise than herein directed, to be given at the next General or Special Meeting of such Trullees respectively, which shall he held next after any Application made by such Company of Piopiietors for that Purpose; and in case any such Pipe or Pipes shall be laid down otherwise than as aforesaid, th n the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees respectively, shall give Nonce thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Agent or Agents, tr> take up and remove the fame; and in case they shall nealeft or refute, for the Space of Twenty-four Hours after such Notice, to take up and remove such Pipe or Pipes, then it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees respectively, and such other Ptrl'on or Peifnns as he and they shall appoint, by an Order in Writing under the Hands of any Two or more Justices of the Peace adbng in and for the County in whLh the said Roads lay, to take up and remove all and every such Pipe and Pipes; and whenever it shall be found necessary by such Company of P.o-prietors, rheir Agents or Workmen, to open the Ground in or under any Part of the said Roads, for the Purpose of laying and amending their Water-pipes or Plugs, the same shall be done, and the Ground filled up and rammed in, and the Roads made good as expeditioully as the Circumstances will admit of, at the Expence of such Company of Proprietors; and in the mean Time such Agents or Woiktnen so opening the Ground, shall secure the respective Parts thereof in such Manner as to prevent any Damage or Inconvenience happening to Passengers, Cattle, or Carriages, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Flour that the Ground shall remain open, or not secure in Manner aforesaid; and that whenever it shall happen by the buifling, breaking, or leaking of any such Pipe or Pipes, the Water shall overflow any Part of the Lid Road, so as to occasion any Danger or Inconvenience to Paffm-r gers, Cattle or Carriages; and the said Company of Proprietors of luch" Waterworks, or their Agent or Age.ua shall, after Twenty-tour Hours

Notice

3 9*7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i«9.

Notice thereof, neglect to do what shall be necessary to remedy the Danger and Inconvenience arising therefrom, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads respectively, to do whit he or they shall judge requisite to drain off the Water, and to prevent any Danger or Inconvenience therefrom in future, the Expence whereof, and of taking up and removing such Pipe or Piper, and of making good the Damage done to the Roads, to be ascertained by Two such Justices or any other Two Justices of the Peace for the County in which the said Roads lay, shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Company of Proprietors; all which respective Forfeitures and Sums shall and may from Time to Time be recovered of and from the Treasurer,

Clerk or Agent to the said Company of Proprietors, in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act or the said recited Acts to be recovered; and the fame, when so recovered, shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Trustees respectively, or the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and shall be applied for and towards amending the said Roads respectively.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Pipe or Pipes shall be laid To prevent down under (he laid Roadsor either of them, which shall prevent the Road/froro draining of the Water off the said Roads, and in no case of less Depth than being injured. Twelve Inches below the Surface of the Ground so intended to be opened, measured from the upper Side of such Pipe or Pipes.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Protecting shall extend or be construed to extend to give to or invert the said Com- j1®’^ pany of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoevtr, with Turnpike any Right, Power, or Authority which may at all interfere with the Rights, Ru;,ds-Powers, Authorities, or Provisions heretofore granted by an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenly-first Year of the Reign of His present Majjly, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Ken: Street, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned in the Counties of Kent and Suirey; and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching or guarding the fame, and also for increasing the Comprfitions payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes ofhL Al Greenwich and Saint Paul Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to_give to or invert the said Company of Proprietors, >or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, with any Right, Power, or Authority, which may at all interfere with the Rights, Powers, Authorities, and Provisions granred by an Act, passed in the Forty-thiid Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament for making a Road from New Street Southwark, to the Places therein mentioned, and from Freelchocl Street Southwark to Dock Head and Lilliptt Hall Bridge in Bermondsey, and from the Stones End in Kent Street Southwark to Dartford, so far as respects the Road leading from the St nes End in Bermondsey Street towards Saint Thomas a Waterings; and also for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane called Long Lane in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County ^Surrey, or any of the [ Lot. & JPer.] 43 0—P Acts

AO not to affect the Powers given by certain Acts of Parliament.

39*8 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

Acts therein recited, or with the Rights, Powers, Authorities, or Provisions granted by another Act of Parliament, passed in the same Year of the Reign of His fa id Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge tv r the River Ravenlborpe, at cr near its Mouth or Outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent-, and for making and maintaining-proper Approaches thereto.

Tir.es, Sic.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For-■reeovereU and ^c^ur<:S inflicted'by this Act, or which shall be inflicted by any Rule, Or--app.icd. der, or Bye Law to be made in pursuance thereof, the Manner of

• levying and Recovery whereof is nor particularly herein directed, shall, in cale cf Non-payment thereof on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Plare.wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or reside, which Warrant such Justice is htreby empowered and required to blue upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible Wit-

"i ' ntfs or Witnessfcs upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to adnmnifter); and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures (the Application whereof is not herein particularly directed) shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company of Piopiietors, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Company; and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress- and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall net be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol cr House of Cor.eftion, there so lenvain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reason--able Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and fatnfied.

Form of Cun-

LXXIL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction. J viction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed agabft this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following $ (that is to lay),

} DE it remembered, Thac«n this Day of

» -■-* in the Year of the Reign of

• is convicted before of His

■« Msj fly’s Justiceii of the Peace for the of

« hav.ng [as the Offence jhaUbe\ an;' I [or, wF] the said]

• do adjudge him, [her, or tnemj to forfeit and pay for the fame,

• ihe Sum of Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our

4 Hand' and SealsJ the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Aiinw:np a»

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall APPc*i, think. I im elf, herlell, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in purluaoce of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order or the

laid

3919

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i 89.

said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, or by any Order,

Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in every such Case, such Person or Persons may, within Four Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgement, or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at tire General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County, City, or Place in which the Cauj'e of Appeal shall arise (hid giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Perfcus appealed against, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognisance before'Co.me Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon^ and the said Justices shall in a summary Way either hear and determine the said Appeal at. such General or Quarter Sessions, or if’they think proper may adjourn the Hearing there; f to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County,

City, or Place; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forteiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, Judgement, or Determination, and may also order and award Saiisfafltion to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judge- p,'°cse£,ns>

IT-* , ' ■* o not to he

ment, Conviction, or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the quathedor Matters aforesaid, or touching os concerning any Offence against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of H is Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster •, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

;*jqcia •- f r: 1 . ■

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distreffiss not made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall noc be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making WJ‘1 ur‘a the fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Patties so distrainingt but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff plaintiff* not or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any to recover Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Tender of or 1 ft at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode Twenty- Am'nd*' . one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, figired by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plantiffs recover in such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to brm,

her.

3920

Limitation of Actions.

I

ffublic Act,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 189.

her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants b^f.rc such Action broughc; and in Cafe no such lender (lid.I have been inadr, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant 01 Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Attion shall dep-nd, at any Time before Ilfue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Pn-ceeding, Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed i or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have cealed and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County or Place where the Matter in D fpute or Cause of Action shall arise and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act:; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such ASion or Suit (half have been brought before ihe Expiration of Fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aturesaid, or after the Time so lim ted for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or PI ice than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become N inl'uit, or futfer a Discontinuance of his, her, or tf.eir ASion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a V.rdiS shall pal's against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or P limiff', the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and fhaJ have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in o.htr C.fes by Law.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aff, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judge?, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 190.

An Act for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gosport, Ports mouth, and Portsea, and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Spithead, Saint Helen '$, and other Parts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the said Island; and for regulating the Fares of such Watermen.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Conduct of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gosport, in the Parish of Alvcrfoke, and Portsmouth, and Portsea, and to and from Herd-way, Fareham, Poruhester, Palfgrove, Wymering, and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Spithead and Saint Helen's, and other Parts and Places within the Ife of Wight, in the County of Southampton, by reason of their demanding exorbitant and unequal Prices for the Carriage of Passengers, and their refusing to carry Passengers across the Harbour of Portsmouth, and to and from Hardway, Fareham, Portchester, Palfgrove, Wymering, and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to the Ships and Vessels ILot. £/ Peri] 43 £ of

3949' GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

of His Majesty, and other Ships and Vessels lying within the said Harbour, and at Spit head. Saint Helen's, and other Places within the said Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from the Places lying within the said Harbour and in the said Isle of Wight, between Cowes and Saint Helen’s, has been long complained of and is now become a general Grievance, and is a great Inconvenience and Detriment to the Inhabitants of the said Towns and Neighbourhood, and also to the Officers and Seamen belonging to the said Ships and Vessels: May it therefore please ' Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moll

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled.

Commit-- and by the Authority of the same, That His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

oners. for the County of Southampton for the Time being, the Mayor, Recorder,

and Aldermen of the Borough of Portsmouth for the Time being, the Steward of the Bishoprick of Winchester for the Time being, the Bishop of WincheJtePs Bailiff of the Borough and Manor of Gosport for the Time being, the Rector of Alverstoke for the Time being, the Incumbent of Gosport Chapel for the Time being, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Dock Yard at Ports nouth for the Time being, the Governor of llaflar Hospital for the Time being, George Porter Esquire, Samuel Jellicoe Esquire, William Grover Carter Esquire, William Grant Esquire, Andreiu Lindegreen Esquire, James Lyfs Esquire, William Carver Esquire, Richard Burbey Esquire, William Page Esquire, William Baker, William Page the younger, William Baker the younger, Samuel Jellicoe the younger, Thomas Heather, Cornelius Hayter Esquire, "John Atkhis, the Reverend Francis Clifton, John Lind Doctor of Physick, Joseph Carter Esquire, George Garret Esquire, Matthias March, William Ellis, Edward Jukes, George Morfs Jukes, John Goodeve, Robert Curry, William Burney Doctor of Laws, William Turner, Thomas Sharp, John Hicklcy, John Weymouth, John Snook, Edward Goodeve, Robert Forbes Esquire, James Goodeve Mercer, James Neale, Daniel Howard, Roger Callaway, George Augu/lus Callaway, James Hay, John Balmbrough, Joseph Goodeve the younger, Benjamin Goodeve, James Westmore, Thomas Andrews Minchin, James Collins, Andrew Hewson, Robert Cruickjhank, Trijlram Harper, James Paul, John Devereux, Thomas Norrish, and William Midlane, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Powers and Authorities in and by this Act given.

Meetings of

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any

Cc nimfi.on- Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and-required to meet on the First Tuesday in the Months of July, November, and March in'each Year, at some convenient Place within the said Borough of Gisport or Borough of Ports mouth, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, such Meetings to be alternately held at the said Borough of Gosport and Borough of Ports mouth; the First Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held at the India Arms Inn in Gosport, on the First Tuesday in July next after the passing of this Act, and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, if they shall see fit, from Time to Time adjourn such Meetings, or any or either of them, in such Manner and to such Time as they shall think proper; and that the Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at such First Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, shall and they are hereby

required

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

required to proceed to fix and assess the Rates and Fares to be taken by the said Watermen for the Passage of any Person or Persons, either with or without Horses or other Cattle, to and from Gosport, Portsmouth, and Portsca, and other Parts within the said Harbour of Portsmouth, and to and from any Ships or Vessels lying within the said Harbour, and also to and from Spithead, Saint Helen's, the Motherbank, Stokes Bay, and other Parts within the said 1JU of Wight, and to and from any Ships or Vessels lying thereat, and also to and from Brading, Ryds, Cowes, or any other Place in the said island, between Saint Helen's and Cowes, which Rates and Fares so a defied and rated shall continued in force respectively until they, or any or either of them, shall be altered by any Order of the said Commissioners, to be made at any subsequent Meeting of the said Commidioners, which Alteration it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter to make at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That annually at the Meeting to be held in the Month of July the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to elect, nominate, and appoint, by Writing under their Hands in the Book or Books for entering the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, another Commissioner in the Room and Stead of every Commissioner, other than those appointed or acting by virtue of the respective Offices herein-before mentioned, who shall have died, neglected to act for One whole Year, or ceased to be qualified in Manner herein-after directed; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, and of the Purpose thereof, and of all other Meetings of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall be given by the Clerk of the said Commissioners to each of the said Commissioners who shall be resident within the said Town of Gosport, or either of the Towns of Portsmouth or Portsea, or left at their respective lad or usual Places of Abode within such Towns respectively, and such Notice shall be affixed on the Door of the Market House in Gosport, and also on the Door of the Guildhall in Portsmouth, Seven Days at lead before such Meeting shall be holden; and every such Commissioner so elected shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he had been named herein a Commissioner.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on every such annual Election of Commissioners, Regard shall be had to there being an equal Number of Commissioners for the said Parish of Alverstoke and the said Borough of Portsmouth, for which Purpose the Commissioner to be chosen in the Room of any one so dying, neglecting to act, or ceasing to be qualified as aforesaid, shall be elected and chosen from among the Inhabitants of the Parish or Borough in which the Commissioner reiided, in whose Room or Stead the new Commissioner is to be elected and appointed, so that the Number of elected Commissioners redding in the Parish of Alverstoke shall be always equal to those ltfiding within die Borough of Portsmouth,

39*7

Once itt every Year Vacaaciet ot calione J by the Deathr ice. of Co 'lint; IH oner 1 to be filltd up; anti Notice of Meeting* for that Purpose, and of all cti.er Meetings under thTa Act.

Equal Number of Com* mifiioue’tt on each Side of the Water.

7

3928

Commissioneri r> taken an Oath.

Oath.

<;'nl Tication of Commissioners.

/ppointrren-of Clerk, and in case of De»th, Sc. Commissior.-ers to ppoiul a.other.

49° GGEORGII * III. Cap. 190.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, save and except in administering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Commissioners, until he shall have taken an Oath to the Eifeft following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will, without Favour or Affection, faithfully

* and impartially execute, perform, and discharge the Office and ‘ Duty of a Commissioner, according to the Powers, Authorities, and

* Directions given and established by an Act passed in the Forty-ninth

* Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here

* insert the Title of this Act], according to the belt of my Skill and ‘ Knowledge.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is

and are hereby empowered and required to administer to each other, and a Minute of the administering thereof shall be entered in the Book of the "Proceedings of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, other than those acting by virtue of the respective Offices before-mentioned, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a Iioufeholder in the said Parish of Alvcrjioie or in the Town of PortJ'mouth, or the Town of Portsca, and polTtfled of a Real Estate of the annual Value of One hundred Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall prefutne to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at li ejlminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant; and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted hss acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act. '

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, at their fiift or any subsequent Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, nominate and appoint, under their Hands in the Book or Books wherein the Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time be entered. One Person to be Clerk to the said Commissioners and Treasurer of the Monies to be raised

by

39 2 9

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and that the said Clerk and Treasurer shall continue in the said Office during his good Behaviour; and that as often as the said Office shall become vacant by Death, Resignation, Incapacity, or Dismissal of such Clerk and Treasurer, which said Dismissal may, for any Misbehaviour of the Person holding such Office, be made by the Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at the next Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held in pursuance of this Act, after such Death, Resignation, Incapacity, or Dismissal, to elect and appoint some other fit and proper Person to be Clerk to the said Commissioners, and Treasurer of the Monies to be raised by virtue and for the Purpol'es of this Act, in the Room of the Person so dying, resigning, or dismissed as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, to make such Allowance to the said C.ierk and Treasurer for the Time being as to them, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem reasonable, provided the said Allowance shall not exceed Twenty-five Pounds a Year; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby required to take such Security from lime to Time, for the due Execution of the said Office of Treasurer, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be, and it is hereby de- Dechn'n? dared to be, the Duty of such Clerk and Treasurer to attend all the Ihe*Duty «* Meetings of the said Commissioners, to make an Entry of their Proceed- the clerk end ings in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, to give 1 realuur‘ the several Notices herein directed to be given, to keep an accurate Account of the Monies raised and expended by virtue of or in the Execution

of this Act, to pay thereout all such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time at any Meeting to be hclden in pursuance of this Act order and direct, to render an Account of his Receipts and Diffiurfements, and produce Vouchers for the latter to the Commissioners at the Meeting in the Month of July in each Year, and to pay, use, and apply the Balance which such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at such Meeting shall adjudge to be due on such Account, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall at such Meeting direct, and generally to perform all such Matters and Things as he shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if, at any Meeting appointed to be T w*r for the beld in pursuance hereof, a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not 9

attend to hold the fame, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall adjourn infs, he. the fame; or in case of his omitting so to do, the same shall ipfofatlo Rand adjourned to the same Day in the next ensuing Week, to be then held at the fame Hour of the Day, and at the same Place, as the Meeting at which such sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not have attended, was to have been holden, and fofrom Week to Week until a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall attend, of which adjourned Meeting Three Days Notice shall be given in such Manner as is herein-before directed with [Loc, y Per.~\ 43 R respect

3930

Two Tablet or Rjves of Fares to be allowed; to be determined by a Flag which is payable.

Watermen to be entitled to the Fare payable at the Tim of being hired.

Table s of

Fare# to be printed, and a C pv rifjl* vered to each he nfed Wait rman.

Penalty on fakir g higher Rati 8 * r refilling to take Faflejgc «.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

respect to any original Meeting; and that if such Defect of Attendance shall happen on the annual licensing Day herein-after appointed, the several Licences then in force shall continue in force until and upon the Day on which a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall attend to hold a Meeting.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to make and settle Two several and distinct Tables of Rates and Fares, the Rates and Fares in one of which shall be payable in fair Weather, and the other in foul Weather; and for the Purpose of obviating any Doubt as to the Time at which the said Rates and Fares may be respectively demanded, the said Commissioners shall provide a Blue Flag, to be hoisted on the Beach at Go/port, by such Person, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, shall from Time to Time appoint and order, or as shall be directed by any Bye-Law to be made in pursuance of the Provisions herein-after contained, and which said Person shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time direct4 and so long as the said Flag shall remain hoisted, the foul Weather Fares shall be demanded, and at all other Times the fine Weather Fares only shall be payable: Provided always, that if the said Flag shall be hoisted or hauled down while the said Watermen, or any or either of them, is or are in the Act of carrying any Person or Persons to or from any Place or Places as aforesaid, the said Watermen shall be paid the Rate or Rates, Fare or Fares, which was or were payable at the Time such Person or Persons first left the Shore or-Place in the Boat of such Waterman or Watermen.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Tables of Rates and Fares shall be settled by the said Commissioners, the same shall be printed, and the said Commissioners shall cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to each of the said Watermen to ba licensed as herein-after mentioned, and One Copy of such Rates painted on a Board shall be affixed on the Door of the Market House in Go/port aforesaid, One other such Copy on the Door of the Guildhall of Port/mouth aforesaid, and One other such Copy in the Town of Port/ea, at or near the Gates of His Majesty's Dock Yard there; and when and as often as the fame, or either of them, shall be defaced or destroyed, the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be replaced by another or others; and when and as often as any Alteration or Alterations shall be made by the said Commissioners in the said Tables of Rates or Fares, the same shall be in like Manner printed, delivered, painted, and affixed as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Waterman, or other Person employed by him, shall demand or take more than the Rates or Prices so to be afftfled and rated as aforesaid, except as herein-after mentioned, or shall (not being prevented by some obvious Difficulty or Danger, which such Waterman shall make appear to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices before whom any Complaint shall be laid) refute to carry any Passenger for such Rates or Prices, every such Waterman so

offending

49* GEORGII III. Cap. ioo, 393*

offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Watermen to demand Double the Rate of Fare fixed by the said Tables between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Evening, and Six of the Clock in thS Morning, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year; and between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening, and Five of the Clock in the Morning, between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Y car.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Pufe or neglect to pay any Waterman or Watermen licensed as herein-after mentioned the Fare or Fares which he or they is, are, or shall be eaahithtd

- _•.! J 1 __ ] •. n . , r , t r, r FaiCS.

entitled to demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Southampton, if the Offence shall be committed out of the Borough of Port/mouth, or of the Borough of Portsmouth if the Offence shall be committed within it, or of the Borough of Portsmouth, or the County of Southampton, if the Offence shall be committed upon the Water within the Harbour of Portsmouth, upon Complaint thereof, to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made, and, upon Proof upon Oath of One Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), to award reasonable Satisfaction to the Parly aggiieved for his Damages and Costs, and, upon Refusal to pay or make such Satisfaction, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing.

XIV. And, for better preventing the Misbehaviour of any such Water- Piiniftiir* i man, or any Apprentice or Assistance employed by him, be it further ^J'*rmetn enacted, That upon Complaint of any Misbehaviour of any Waterman, ticeMur m£-Apprentice, or Assistance, in assaulting, insulting, or using abusive or in- l,'h3viu"r, fulting Language to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may c* be lawful to and for any such Justice of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Borough of Portsmouth, within his respective or concurrent Jurisdiction, to summon such Waterman, Apprentice, or Assistance before him to answer the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer), or by his own Confession, or on ihe View of a Justice of the Peace, such Waterman,

Apprentice, or Assistance, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned; and if sufficient Distress cannot be had, he shall be committed to the House of Correction for the County, Borough, or Place where the Complaint shall be heard, for One Calendar Month, or every Waterman convicted of any such Offence shall forfeit and lose his Licence, and shall not be again licensed for the Space of One whole Year next ensuing; and such Waterman, Apprentice, or Assistance so offending shall and may, by Authority of this Act, unless such Person being a Waterman shall,

-upon Demand, produce and shew to the Party aggrieved his Licence, so that such Party may ascertain his Name and Place of Abode, or being an Apprentice or Assistance shall at the Time of the Offence committed be

actually

293 2

Wirermrn to b- sura-moned.

Cormnif* lionets cin-uovreie't to 3 nc« Wa* ttnaeot

Comiritf*o>

t b tO £T t ami ichew L'c^t.cci.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

actually on board the Boat of his Master, having the Name and Place of Abode of such Master painted thereon, be apprehended by any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a Constable, or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law,

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Oommifiloners shall, at their First Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, appoint One or more Meeting or Meetings to be held at such Place as they the said C'ommissioners, or any Five or more of them shall think proper, for examining and licensing the several Waterman working for Hire on the said Passage between Gosport and Port/mouth or Portsca, or to or from any of the several Places aforesaid, of which said Meeting and Meetings respectively Notice shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners at lealt Ten Days before the respective Times appointed for holding the fame, by affixing the said Notice on the Market House in Gosport, on the Door of the Guildhall at Port/mouth, and on or near the Gate of the Dock Yard in Portsea, and other conspicuous Places in the said d owns, and by publishing the fame in such Newspapers as shall be printed in the said Towns, or either of them, at some one of which said Meetings the several Watermen working for Hire on the said Passage, or to or from any of the several Places aforesaid, shall attend for the Purpose of being examined as to their Qualifications, Skill, and Ability, by such Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, shall then and there appoint for that Purpose; and that every Person who shall, at any Time after such Meeting or Meetings so to be,held as aforesaid, be desirous of working for Hire upon the said Passage, or between any of the several Places aforesaid, shall, before he shall begin so to do, make Application to the said Commissioners at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and shall attend for the Purpose of being so examined as aforesaid, at such Time and Mace, and before such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at such Meeting shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required, under their Hands and Seals, to licence every of the said Watermen who shall on such Examination be found duly qualified to act as such Watermen, which said Licences shall be numbered in progressive Order, and a Minute thereof, and of the Name and Place of Abode of such Waterman, entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and that at the same Time a comsponding Number to that in the Licence shall be given to the Party to whom such Licence shall be granted, which Nun ber, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom the same shall be given, shall be painted in legible Letters and Figures on some conspicuous Part on the Inlide of every Boat used by such Waterman, and shall be from Time to Time renewed as the same shall be defeced or obliterated.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Licence, which shall be granted before the Firfi TnefJay in the Month of November next, shall, unless revoked in pursuance of the Provisions heitin contained.

3933

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

tained, continue in force until and upon the First Tuesday in the Month of November in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, and no longer; and that every Licence which shall be granted on or after that Pay, dial), unless so revoked, continue in force until and upon the First Tuesday in the Month of November next after granting the fame, and no longer; and that at the Meeting which shall be so held in the Month of November in every Year, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereol, the Commissioners present, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to grant to every Waterman whole Licence shall be then in force a further or renewed Licence, which, unless such Licence shall be revoked in pursuance of the Provisions herein contained, shall continue in force until and upon the First Tuesday in the Month of November in the then next Year; and that every such renewed Lie , ice shall bear the fame Number as the original Licence, or such other as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and a like Minute thereof, and of the Name and Place of Abode of such Waterman shall be entered by the Clerk, and, together with the Name and Place of Abode of the Waterman, lhad be affixed, painted, and kept on the respective Boats, as is herein-Lcfore directed with respect to original Licences.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commis-fl. ners shall and he is hereby required, within Thirty Days next after each and every licensing Dav, to make out a correct Lift of the Persons who shall on i'ucn preceding licensing Day have obtained any original or renewed Licence, with his Number, Name, and Place of Abode; and that ah Persons may have Access thereto and be it Liberty to inspect the fame at the Office or Place of Abode of such Clerk, on any Morning between th>. Horns of Eleven in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling if the Person desiring such Inspection be not a licensed Waterman, and without any Fee or Reward if he be so.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by any original or renewed Licence, to re ft rift and prevent any Waterman to whom the same shall be granted, and who in their Judgement shall by reason of his Age or Infirmity be unfit to w rk outside the Harbour, from working without the said Harbour; a"d that upon obtaining any original or renewed Licence, the Party applying for the same shall pay to the Commissioners, or their Clerk and Treasurer, the Sums following; that is to say), if such Licence shall be a general one for working both within and without the Harbour, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and if for working within the Harbour only the Sam of Ten Shillings, of which said respective Sums paid for any original Licence the Clerk and 1 reafuier may retain Two Shillings and Sixpence for his own Trouble, and the Residue thereof shall be applied towards the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution: Provided nevei theless, that if the Monies to be so paid shall, in the Judgement of the said i. ommissioners, at any Timt appear to the said Commissioners, at am Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to be more than suffi-cicM to defray the Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, it shall and raa> be lawful ior the said Commissioners from Time to Time to reduce the )an , and at a y other Time to reduce the fame again, so nevertheless

\_Loc. b* Per.'] 43 5 that

Ciff'k to rr.ak«

L ft of lice 1.fed Watermen.

*Vatc»men may he left i idled to work within lie H:iibour on y, and 10 pay for Licence.

5934

Watermen to

give Notice of Removal«

Watermen to give in the ■ISiaii C' of Apprent ces ana Assist mts.

Licensed Watci men may t Ice

O Ajr« prentice.

Boat not to

bf cm kleiy to t lie Cure of an jrippien ice.

Penalty nn per . n »k-t g on the

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

that they shall at no Time exceed the Sums herein-before mentioned Provided nevertheless, that if at the Time of any Application for a Licence by a Person not before licensed, the Commissioners shall think the Number of licensed Watermen to be such that it would be inconvenient to increase the fame, they shall not be bound to licence the Person so applying, unless such Person shall have served an Apprenticeship of at lead Three Years to some licensed Waterman: Pros idea also, that if after the Licence so obtained as aforesaid any such Waterman shall remove from the Place of Abode expressed in such Licence, then and in such Case he shall, within Three Days next following the Day of such Removal, give Notice thereof to the Clerk, of the Laid Commissioners for the Time being, and so from Time to Time as often as he shall change his Place of Abode.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Waterman shall and he is hereby required, at the Time of his obtaining any original or renewed Licence, to give to the Clerk to the said Commissioners the Name and Names of every Apprentice and Assistant employed by him, and on every Change of such Apprentice or Assistant, to give in the Name of the Person or Persons succeeding such Apprentice or Assistant respectively, within Three Days next after the Day of such Change; and upon the taking of any Apprentice, or Employment of any Affillani after obtaining such Licence, within Three Days next alter the Day of such last-mentioned Talcing or Employment, in like Manner to give unto such Clerk the Name or Names cf such last-mentioned Apprentice or Assistant, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings for every Offence contrary hereto; and that the Name of every such Apprentice and Assistant shall be forthwith entered by such Clerk in ihe Book in which the Entry of the Licences is directed to be made, and in the Lift herein before directed to be made out.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every such licensed Waterman to have Apprentice', but not more than Two at the same Time, nor to take the Second till the First hath l’erved Two Years of his Appienticeship.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Apprentice, until he shall have attained the full Age of Eighteen Years, and have been apprenticed for the Space of Two Years, to take upon himself the foie Care and Management of any Boat; and in case any such Apprentice shall offend herein, or any licensed Waterman shall permit any Boat to be under the Care or Management of any Person or Persons other than himself, or some other licensed Waterman, or of some Person who shall be of the Age of Eighteen Years and shall have served at least Two Years of his Apprenticeship, the Master of the said Apprentice or such licensed Person io offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned; and if sufficier.t Distress cannot be had, he shall be committed to the House of Correction where the t omplaint shall be heard, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

XA

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Waterman or other Ptilou texcept an Apprentice to a licenl'td Waterman who shall have 7 attained

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 193.

attained the Age of Eighteen Years, and shall have served Two Years of his A pprenticeship, and shall be using the Boat of his Matter) shall work for Hire upon the said Passage or between any of the Places aforesaid, without having obtained such Licence as aforesaid, or after the same shall have been revoked, or alter the Time for which the fame is hereby declared to be in force, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in Manner hertin-after mentioned; and if sufficient Distress cannot be had, he shall be committed to the House of Correction where the Offence shall be heard, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any such Waterman or Apprentice, so having the Charge of his Matter’s Boat as aforesaid, to receive, take into, or carry in his Wherry or Boat at one and the same Time, any more than Ten Persons in fair \\ eather, or than Six when such Flag shall be or remain hoi (ted as aforesaid; and in case any such Waterman or Apprentice shall take or receive into or carry in his laid Wherry or Boat any greater Number of Persons than are respectively allowed to be carried as aforesaid, every such Waterman or Apprentice so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible witness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party or Parties, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Borough of Portsmouth respectively, or on View of any such Justice or Justices, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned; and if sufficient Diitrefs cannot be had, he shall be committed to the House of Correction of the County, Borough, or Place where the Complaint shall be heard, for Two Calendar Months; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to revoke the Licence granted to such Waterman, and he shall not again be licensed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said licensed Watermen shall keep their Boats in good Repair, Order, and Condition, and well and sufficiently provided with Malts, Sails, Oars, Rudder, and all other proper Gear and Tackle, and that whenever any such Watermen shall be hired to go to any Place, Ship, or Vess.l without the said Harbour of Portsmouth, they shall provide themselves with and have in their respective Boats Two Sets of Sails, one adapted for fair and the other for foul Weather, and that on such Occasions every such Waterman’shall have at least One Assistant; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons to be specially appointed by the Commissioners under this Act, or any Five or more of them, at some Meeting to be holden pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and w ho shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money for their Service as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time direct, from Time to Time to iufpeft the said Boats, and for any Two or m re of such Commissioners, or such Person !o to be appointed, to order such of the said Boats as shall and may be found deficient in any R spedt to be laid by, and such Boat shall not be uftd again till the Deleft (Tall

have

3935

fold PafTige without a Licence.

Watermen to take no mere than To Pallets in fair Weather and Six in foal, under Penalt/ of 51.

B<nt« ‘o he kept in {rood Condition.

393*

$;vrn C m-

nu(Tion<-’8 may make Orders at any of th ir Meetings for €*rr\ in j this A in o Exe. cutiou.

C nrni’ffion. ers may ic-*okt Ordt.s, ire.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

have been repaired, and the said Boats shall have been inspected and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or by such Person or Persons so to be Specially appointed as aforesaid; and in case any such Waterman shall use any Boat not in good Repair and Condition, and well and sufficiently provided with Mails, Sails, Oars, Rudder, and other proper Gears-and Tackle, or without its Slumber, and the Name and Place of Abode of such Waterman painted in legible Figures and Letters in Come conspicuous Part on the Inside thereof, or, on being hired to go to any Place or Ship without the said Harbour of Porjmulh, shall not provide himself with and have on board the said Boat Two Sets of Sails as aforesaid and One Assistance, or shall presume to use any Boat which shall have been declared insufficient as aforesaid, until such Boat shall have afterwards been inspected and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or by such Person or Persons so. to be appointed as aforesaid; or if any Person who shall be licensed only to work within the said Harbour shall use his Boat for Hire on the Outside thereof, every such Waterman so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to be held pursuant to the Privisions of this Act, make such Bve Laws, Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting, shall appear necessary for the better and more effectually carrying this Act into Execution, and the Regulation of the said Watermen, and fixing the Hours, Days, and Times during which they may be prohibited from w rking, and also for the Regulation and Government of the several Pi rfons to be appointed to hoist the said Flag and to inspect the said Boats, and to annex such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as they shall in their Discretion think meet, so that no such Penalty shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for any Offence, and provided that such Bye Laws, Orders, Rules, and Regulations, be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or inc nfiftent with any of the Provisions and Directions of this Act; and all such Bye Laws, Orders, Rules, and Regulations, shall be subject to Appeal as in this Act dir^sted.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all such Orders, Rules, and Regulations may be revoked, amended, varied, altered, or made void by the said Ci mmissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, in such Manrcr as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and that such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and all Amendments, Variations, and Alterations therein, shall from Tim to 'lime be printed and made publick, and the Breach of any such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be punishable, and the Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breaches recoverable b1 and before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Borough of Portsmouth respectively, in such and the like Manner a,-, any other Penalties and Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act.

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 196.

CXVIII. And whereas the Hard or Landing Place from the said Harbour of Portsmouth on the Gosport Side thereof is liable to be much injured by Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Boats of Burthen, or other Boats lying thereon, which by due Care in the Persons having the Command of such Ships, Vessds, Lighters, Barges, Boats of Burthen, and other Boats may be avoided, be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, '1 hat, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Matter, or other Person having the Command of any such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, fluff! place or permit, or futfer any such bhip, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, to lie over or upon the said Hard or Landing Place on the Gosport Side of the said Harbour of Portsmouth, every such Mailer, or other Person having the Command of any such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, so placed, permitted, or fullered to lie over or upon the said Hard, shall for every such Oifence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or by any such Bye Law', Order, Rule, and Regulation made in pursuance thereof (the Manner of Recovery whereof is not otherwise particularly mentioned), shall and may, if not otherwise sooner paid, be levied and recovered by I)iftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in or for the County of Southampton, br in 6r for the County, City, Borough, Town, Division, or Place wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, or where such Goods and Chattels shall be, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, such Offender or Offenders having been first convicted of any Offence or Offences done or committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, before any One or more justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Borough of Portsmouth, according to their respective Jurisdictions under this Act, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wimeffes, which Oath the said Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, or on the Confession of the Offender or Offender*; and the said Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, rendering the Overplus (if any be), after deducting the Expence of such Distress and Sale, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall be applied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) for and towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, Borough, Town, or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reffde, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months where the Penalty shall not amount to Five Pounds, but in all Cases where the Penalty shall amount to or exceed that Sum, and where no other Punishment on Non-payment thereof shall be herein-[ Loc. ft? Per.~] 43 T before

3937

Penalty on Veil'd* lying; on Gosport Haul.

In what Manner Penalties (unless other-wile partial’arly directed) are to be recovered.

3938

Inforfnntions for OffefTce* to be given within Three Months-

Allowing a concurrent Jurisilution 10 the Justices for ‘'cuth-ampron and the lion ugh of Fortfwouth, in certain Cases,

Form of Conviction.

Offenders

convicted to pay the £x-)>en<e of Summons and Conviction.

498 GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

before directed to be inflicted, the said Offender or Offenders shall be committed as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures respectively shall be sooner paid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within Three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed.

XXXI. And, for the better enforcing due Obedience to this Act, and ascertaining the Mode of Recovery of the respective Penalties, be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Southampton, as to Offences committed in the said County out of the Borough of Porifmouth aforesaid, and the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough of Portsmouth, as to Offences committed within the said Borough of Portsmouth, and every of them, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, upon Complaint made to them or any of them by any Person or Persons, to examine, hear, and determine by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath each and every of them are hereby authorized to administer), or by the Coiifession of the Offender, all Complaints or Offences to be done or committed within their said respective J urisdictions, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that where any Offence against this Act shall be committed upon the Water within the Harbour of Portsmouth, the Justices of the Peace for the County of Sout/oawpton, and those for the Borough of Portsmouth, shall have a concurrent Jurisdiction as to such Offences, and the Parties making Complaint thereof may make such Complaint to the one or the other as they shall think proper.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following j that is to say.

Coumy of southamp on or Boronghv t_>e it remembered, That on this

•I Portsmouth, to wit, / F) r.

J " Day of in the

Year of the Reign of A.B. is convicted

before Justice or Justices of the

Peace for of having [as the Offence may be\ and I [or,

wej the said Justice or Justices do adjudge him, [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for th&fame the Sum of and for the Costs of

Prosecution the Sum of Given under my Hand and

Seal [or, our Hands and StalsJ the Day and Year first aforesaid.’

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Offence against this Act, or any of the Powers or Directions herein contained, and shall be thereupon summoned, or shall appear before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, and such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any such Offence, every such Person or Persons shall pay the Costs of such Summons and Conviction, and the Distress to be taken in consequence of such Conviction shall be for such Costs, as well as the other Monies for which such Distress shall

, ‘ be

3939

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

be made; any Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Mitigatbn of may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom Penalt"!,• any of the specifick Penalties or Forfeitures by this Adimposed shall be recovered, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, so as

that the fame be not mitigated or reduced to less than One Moiety or Half ’Part thereof, together with Colls as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Di(lreft not made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, unitwful for the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties waatof Form making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of only'

any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties didrained be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by him c>r them; but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages, together with Costs of Suit, in an Action of Trespass or on the Cafe, at his, her, or their Election.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted,. That no Action Or Suit shall be Limitation of

commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur- Actiont. fuance of this Act, unless Thirty Days Notice thereof shall have been first given in Writing to the Clerk and Treasurer of the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and stating his. her, or their Place of Abode, and unless the same shall be commenced before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, nor after Tender of reasonable Amends shall have been made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County of Southampton; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit to be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, strall and may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act j and if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Day*

Notice thereof was given in Manner aforesaid, or such Notice shall not state the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs true Place or Places of Abode, or that such Action or Suit was-not commenced befort: the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed; or if it shall appear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought, or if the Venue in such Action or Suit shall be laid in any other County or Place than the County of Southampton, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, an3 upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfuietd, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plainfijl' or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and

39+Q 4-9* GEORGII III. Cap. 190. and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame a» any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not in such Action be permitted to give any Thing in Evidence which shall not have been expressed in such Notice, and it shall be incumbent on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to prove such Notice to have been given, or in Default thereof the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to such Verdict and Colts as aforesaid.

Informers may he ie-warcied oi t of the Penalties.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or, Borough of Portsmouth before whom such Persons shall be convicted, or the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers of such respective Offence or Offences; any Thing herein contained to ♦he contrary notwithstanding.

Appeal.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may, as to Things done in the said County of Southampton and out of the said Borough, appeal to0the Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, and as to Things done within the said Borough of Pori’f-mouth, to the Justices of the said Borough, at the then next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden in and for the said County or Borough respectively, after the Expiration of 1 wenty Days from the Cause of such Appeal, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Two Days next alter such Notice given, entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances before forne Justice of the Peace for the said County or Borough, as the Case may require, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Thirty bounds, conditioned to try such Appeal at such Sessions, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices upon the Hearing of the said Appeal; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall at the said Sessions to which tk, said Appeal shall be made, or if they shall see fit to adjourn the fame, at the Sessions then next foil wing at lartheff, hear and finally determine the Caui'es and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award,such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or R cl pendent or Refpo dents,' as they the said Justices respectively shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties concerned or interested therein: Provided nevertheless, that all Appeals against Convicttons before any Juliice or Justices for the Borough of Portsm.uth shall be made to the Sessions for tin said Borough, and all Appeals against Convictions before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton shall be made to the Sessions for the County, at large. XXXIX. And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 190. 3041

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had p-o:«d ngi touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, ""aBud'for or any Order, Ma:ter, or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to want of the Execution of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari, or vacated or Far"l" quashed for the Want of Form only; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Tint Act Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Waterman or wa*«inen° Watermen working across the Lake between Hajlar and Gosport, in the working m-Ferry Boat or Ferry Boats belonging to the Commissioners of His Majesty's I1;'nar Transport Service for the Care of lick and wounded Seamen, and for the Care and Custody of Prisoners of War; but that the Waterman or Watermen working the said Ferry Boat or Boats of the said Commissioners may at all Times work the fame without any Controul or Interference of the Commissioners named or to be named under the Authority of this Act, as if this Act had not been made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein saying the contained shall be deemed or construed to take away, prejudice, or lessen j*'; the Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Franchises, Immunities, Exemptions, r«'nni ot Rights, Powrers, and Jurisdictions of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses Poitimouth. of the Borough of Portsmouth, in their Corporate Capacity to them belonging or appertaining; but that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter have, hold, exercise, and enjoy all such Liberties, Customs, Privileges,

Franchises, Immunities, Exemptions, Rights, Powers, and Jurisdictions, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had never been made; and provided always, that nothing herein contained shall abridge or lessen the exclusive Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Portsmouth, within or upon the Water of the Harbour ot Portsmouth, or to give any Jurisdiction therein or thereupon to the Justices for the County at large, save only for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and recovering the several Penalties imposed hereby, or to be imposed by virtue of any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation to be made by virtue hereof.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein siv-n, th-contained shall be deemed or construed to take away, prejudice, or lessen th*

the I.iberties, Customs, Privileges, Franchises, Immunities, Exemptions, wiiicaeiter. Rights, Powers, and Jurisdictions of the Bishop of Winchester, as Lord of the Manors of Gosport and Alverstoke, or otherwise to him belonging or appertaining; but that the said Bishop of Winchester shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, exerqie, and enjoy all such Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Franchises, Immunities, Exemptions, Rights, Powers, and Jurisdictions, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposts, as he might have held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had never been made, so as such Liberties, Customs, Privileges, Franchises, Immunities, Exemptions, Rights, Powers, and Jurisdictions, do not defeat the End or Deiign of this Act, or the Acts of the said Commissionei s in pursuance hereof.

{hoc isf Per.] 43 U

3942

[Publick Act.]

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 190.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1809,

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 191.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precinct of The Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore; and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it will be of Advantage not only to the Inhabitants of the City of Westminster and Parts adjacent, and of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey, buc to many other of His Majesty's Subjects, and the Public in general, if a Bridge were erected over the River Thames, from some Part of the Pre-cindt of the Savoy, or near or adjoining thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the oppofue Shore at or near Cufer's Bridge in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the said County of Surrey; and if convenient Roads and Avenues were made to communicate therewith from a certain Road leading from the East End ol Westminster Bridge to the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Parish of Saint George, in the Borough of Southwark, near a certain Place called The Obeltjk in Saint George’s Fields, in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, and from a certain other Place called Oakley Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, both in the said County of Surrey, and from a certain other Place called Stamford Street, in the Parish of Christeburch, in the County of Surrey, to the iVeJlminster Road near Westminster Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary [Loc. Ss5 Per.'} ' 43 A' Lambeth

49° GEORGII III. Cap.t9*.

Lambeth aforesaid: And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty is seized in Fee in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster of the Manor, Liberty and Precinct of The Savoy, and of and in certain Mefiuagrs or Dwelling Houses, Buildings, Tenements and Grounds, situate within the ftme; and a’so of and in iheSciteof a certain Building used as a Place of Worship, by certain Per in ns calling themselves the German Reformed Prot farts: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Msjrfty, intituled, An Act for settling Buckingham House •with the Appurtenances, on the Queen, in cafcjhe should survive His Majestys in lieu of Ilts Majesty's Palace of Somerset House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to fell and distofe of Ely House in Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with other Monies, in eretling and establishing Public Offices in Somerset House, and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of The Savoy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned-, the Ground and Soil of the said River Thames on the North Side ihereof, from the South-caff Corner of Kitchener's Wharf, and projecting from thence Thirty Feet into the River, and so continued in an uniform Line, and extending from thence Eastward to the Weft Corner cf His Majesty's Palace or capital Messuage of Somerset House and Garden thereunto belonging, is vrffed in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of and as Parcel and Member of His Duchy of Lancaster, and His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, is and are therein and thereby empowered under His or their Sign Manual, to appoint any one or more Person or Persons to inclose and embank or cause to be inclosed and embanked the Ground and Soil of the salt! River here’n-before mentioned anddclcribed: And whereas no Embankment of such Part of the Ground and Soil of the said River has yet been made: And whereas His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales is seised in Fee, as Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, of and in cerrain Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying and being in the County of Surrey: And whereas the fevetal Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous at the r own Expence, to creel, build and make such Bridge, Roads, and other Works, tequifire and necestary for the Purposes aforesaid; but cannot efflft the fame without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty ihat it may be enacted; and be it toadied by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adv,ce and Consent of ihc Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That The mas Alexander, Knightly Adams, John Butler, Benjamin Brecknell, Thomas Bah,win, William Bulmer, James Belor.de, Fenwick Bulmer, John Bowden, Henry Buckley, Thomas Baker, Abraham Bracebridge, William Cha.klen. George Wall Curtis, W.lliam Curry, the Reverend james Chartres, Thomas Crow’ey, John Caldtcott Dennis Chapman, John Currell, George Diver, Solomon D.vis, George Dodd, Richard Edwards, Robert Earl, William Eewell, Edward Fiott, John Freeman, Richard Fell, Charles Fry, William Giimes, Janes Gtffing, Ambrose Cuffing, Peter G/cffiop, Joseph Hawkins J hn Higgir,bottom, John Savtl Hide, Sis Here Hunt Baronet, John William Hodf n, Janus Hercules, Richard Hughes. John Hu'l, William Harr fen, Jo'n Ice, J'hn Irefon, Henry K ng, John Kingston, Joseph Kelly, Thomas las George L.eame, John L ack, James Lawrence, George Martin, Chari f Made, J In Mackimofh, William Marriott, Joseph M‘ Hair, Hehry Mir tin, John Noble, San ucl Nish, J.hnOrd, Archibald Paxton, William Fcrcival, David Pcl/o.k, George Peat Jon, Isaac Pojlleihwaite, William Quince),

Sir

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

Sir William Rawlins, William Ray ley. the Reverend J bn RuJI:, Edward Rye, John William Roberts, Maffey Stackpoole, James Seaton, John Sio t, John Thornborow, Samuel Taylor, William Vernon, William Wild, George Watts, John White, Coote Harrington Wheatftone, Joshua Wat fen, Abraham Walker, Robert Way, Edward Wallis, John Watson, and William Wdson, together with such other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, as they or the major Part of them present at the Ftrfi General Assembly to be holden for the Purposes of this Act shall nominate and appoint, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Adm;-nistrators and Assigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for the carrying on, making, completing and maintaining the said Bridge, Roads and other Works hereby authorized to be made according to the Rules, Orders and Directions herein-afeer mentioned and expressed, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Style of " The Company of Proprietors of The Strand Bridge," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may lue and be sued, and also shall and may have full Power and Authority to purchase Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to them, their Succ. (Tors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Bridge, Roads or ether Works hereby authorized to be made, and for the several other Purposes herein mentioned, withouc incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, and also to fell any of (he Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purposes alorefiid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raiTe and contribute in manner herein-after.mentioned, and in such Proportions as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds (save and except as herein-after mentioned), which said Sum or Sums of Money shall belaid out and applied in the first Place in discharging the Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto; and then for and towardsjthe carrying on, making, completing and maintaining the said Bridge, Roads, and other Works and Conveniences thereto hereby authorized to be made, and for otherwise carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution; and that the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each; and that thesaidShares shall be and they are hereby vested in the several Persons and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so subsetibing, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefir, proportionally to the Sums they shall several pay and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who shall f-verally subscribe for one or more S >are or Shares or such Sum or Sums as shall be called for and demanded by virtue of this Act towards carrying on and completing the said Bridge, Roads, and ether Works hereby authorized to be made, and other Purposes of the said Subfcr'ption, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Difltibution of an equal proportionate Piit, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and 9 may

394-7

Incorporated.

Their Style-

The Compe-

ny may raile among thein-selves a Sum of Money, not exceeding 500,000l. to discharge Expences of obraining Atf;

Surveys,

Flans, and Eliim.Ues, and to complete Works.

Shares of 100!. each.

Profit! shall be p.x.por-tio iatiiy dil< tributed.

3948

Shares to be

Personal

Estate.

S ibscribers may have a Vote, for every Share;

but not exceeding Five Votes in the whole. 4 Votes may be given by Proxy,

Qwedions to be determined by the Majo* nty. '

Piincjpals and Proxies present, to constitute a Share*•

C onfinement v t Number < f Pr :xi?s to be »iven by On; Proprietor*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

may arise and accrue by the Toll?, Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered or received by the said Company of P oprietors by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Person and Peil'ons having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towatds carrying on the lame in Manner herein directed and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons of and in the said Undertaking, on the joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietor*, shall be and be deemtd to be Personal E/tate, and transmi/lible as such, and not of the nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons who shall by virtue of this Act have subscribed or undertaken for One or mote Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Successors, Executors, Adnhnistrators and Assign?, shall have a Vote in the several Assemblies to be holden as hereinafter appointed for catryingon the said Undertaking for every One such Share, but net exceeding Five Votes, in the whole, although possessed of n ore than Five Shares, (except as herein-after excepted) which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him or her, or by their, his or her Proxies or Prcxy, corstituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or the Hand of such other Person constiiuting the said Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking j and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good, valid and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Person; and every Question, Matter or Thing, which shall be proposed, difeufiedor considered, in any General or Special General AfiTem-bly of the said Company of Proprietor*, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prefenr, computing One Vote to every Share, not exceeding Five Votes in thd whole for each Proprietor as aforesaid i provided that the Principals and Proxies piefent be possessed of Two hundred and fifty Shares: Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Forty Shares; and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made according to the Form following; that is to say,

!:X! ‘ \A-B' of One of the Pro-

* prietors of " The Strand Bridge," do hereby nominate, constitute

* and appoint C.D. of to be

* my Proxy, in my Name and in my Absence to vote cr give my Allen:

4 or Diflent to or from any Business, Matter or Thing relating to the said Undertaking that shall be mentioned or proposed at any Assembly of the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in such Manner 4 as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and 4 Judgement, for the Benefic of the said Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof 1 have hereunto let my Hand f the Day of

not entitled V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the to vote urile/s First General Aftemoly to be held under this Act as herein-after mentioned,

no

4-9* GGEORGII III. Cap. t91.

no Proprietor or Proprietors shall be or be deemed to be qualified or entitled to vote for himlclf, herself or themselves, or by Proxy, who has not or have not possessed his, her, or their Share or Shares, and whose Name or Names has not or have not been entered in Manner hereir-aftrr mentioned in the Books of the said Company as the Possessor or Possessors, and Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for the Space of Two Calendar Months then next preceding, at any General or Special General Assembly of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, under pain of forfeiting his, her, or their said Share or Shares, and all Benefit, Profit, and Advantage due and to become due thereon, to the Use of the said Company, unless it shall appear that it shall be owing to the Default of the Clerk of the said Company that the said Party lo claiming to vote as aforesaiii has not been entered in the Books of the said Company as herein directed, or to the Default of any other Person, other than the Party so claiming to vote as aforesaid: Provided also, that no Proprietor or Proprietors shall be or be deemed to be entitled to vote for any Share or Shares, either by himself or by his Proxy, unless he pols flcs the fame bona fide and in his own Right, and not as the Right or Property of any other Person whomsoever, upon pain of forfeiting the said Share or Shares, and all Benefir, Profit, and Advantage due and to become due thereon, to the Use of the said Company.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before authorized to be raised shall be found insufficient for the making, completing, and maintaining the said Bridge, Roads, and other tire Works hereby authorized to be made, and all needier) Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to ra fe and contribute among themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall feern meet, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds; and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, fubl'cribing towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the said additional Sum to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeiture, and stand interfiled in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to such Sum as he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or ocher Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised as aforesaid, had originally been Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds or any Part thereof by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest, all or any Part of the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds on the Credit of the Rates or Toil* of the said Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the said

[Icc. & Per.] 43 T Undertaking,

3949

possessed of their Shares Two Calendar Months,

tinder pain of Forfeiture of such Snare or Shaiet.

Power to rails amongst themselves a further Sum, if necessary, not exceeding 300,000l.

Or to raise the said joo.ooool. by Way of Mortgage.

395°

FCTm of Mortgage.

Mortgage may he transferred.

Form of

Transfer.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

Undertaking, and the Rates, Tolls, or Sums of Money ar sing or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or to mortgage any Part or Parts thereof (the Colls and Charges of aligning the same to be paid out of such Rates, Tolls, or Sums ot Money), as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustees or Trusti-e, who shall advance the fame; all and every of which laid Alignments or Alignment shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 T)Y Virtue of an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third, intituled, \_here mferi the Title of this AR] 4 We the Company of the said Undertaking, incorporated by and under 4 the said Act, in Confident ion of the Sum of

4 to us in Hand paid by A.B. of Do hereby

bargain, lell, and assign unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administra- tors, and Assigns, the said Undertaking, and all the Works thereto 4 belonging; and all and Angular the Rates, Tolls, or Sums of Money,

4 \cr Part or Parts, as the Caje may he] arfing and piyable to us by virtue 4 of the said Act; and all our Eft itc, Right, Title, and Interest of, in, and 4 to the fame, to ho'd unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, 4 and Assigns, until the said Sum of , with

* Interest for the lame after the Rate of per

4 Centumpir Annum, shall be fully paid and faiisned. Given under our 4 Common Seal this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Assignment or Assignments shall be made, shall be equally entitled, one with the o.her, to his, her, or their Proportion of the said Rates, Tolls, and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Assignment or Alignments mentioned to be advanced, without any preference by reason of the Priority of any such Assignment or Alignments, or on any ocher Account; and a Memorial or Memorandum of every such Assignment, containing the Date, Name or Names, Addition or Additions of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and Rate of Interest, shall, within Twenty-one Days from the Date of every such Assignment, be entered in One or more Booker Books to be kept by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, which Book or Books shall and may be perilled at ail feafunable and convenient Times, by any of the Proprietors or Mortgagees of the said Undertaking, their Represencatives or Assigns, upon Payment for every such Inspection of the Sum of One Shilling; and the Person or Persons to whom any Assignment Hull be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, ih ill and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right and Interest therein, to any Person or Persons, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals; which Transfer shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

* T A. B of in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by C.D. of

4 do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage made by the Company of Pro-

* prietors of " The Strand Bridge," to

* bearing Date the Day of for securing the

49® GEORGII III. Cap. i^i. 395

* Sum of and all Interest now due or to become

* due thereon, and all my Right and Property therein to the said C. D.

‘ his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

1 Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall within Twenty-one Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall cause a Memorial or Memorandum to be made thereof in like Manner as the original Mortgages or Assignments, for which Memorandum or Note the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoinr, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall from thenceforth entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage-, and ic shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons, who shall have made any such Alignment, to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage, or any Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest: of the Money which Mortpjj/m shall be borrowed or raised by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be provided htpudHalf. for and paid Half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, before y,^Jvrence t» any Interest or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors or any Dividend*, of them, shall be paid, made, or divided,

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Per-

Tons to whom ar.y such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made or trans- considered a* ferred as aforesaid, shall be or be deemed to be in respect thereof a Pro- |^.r^etor40^ prietor of any Share, or be capable of acting or voting by virtue of such Mortgage or Assignment at any Assembly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, or for or on Account of his, her, or their having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of any such Assignment.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums Notieetobe of Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage, shall be paid off and dif- f^ort^ioney* charged (save and except with the Content or Consents of the Person or Persons lo advancing and lending such Sum or Sums of Money) unless Three Calendar Months pnvious Notice, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors shall have been givtn to the Person or Persons lending or advancing such Sum or Sums uf Money, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, uf such Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the Firflandother said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution shall be General At held at the Crown and Anchor Tavern in the Strand, in the said County cm ieiu of Middlesex, upon the Thursdoy Eight Weeks after the passing of this Act, or as Don after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon; and all future General Assembties of the said Company of Proprietors (except such Special General Aliembliesas are herein-airer mentioned) shall be held on the First Thursday in the Months of December and June in each and every Year, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, at such Place 11 or

39$?

Chairman of General Assemblies to te appointed.

, j!

Committee to be appointed.

Committee to appoint a Chairman from among themselves.

Au 'itnrs to be appointed.

49? GEORGII HI. Gap. 191.

or Places as the said Company of Proprietors at their preceding General Assembly shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, of which future General Assemblies Fourteen Days previous Notice at kail shall he given by public Advertisrment, to be inferred in Two or more Newspapers usually circulating in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, at their respective General Assemblies, shall direct; and in case no Place or Places shall have been so appointed, then such General Assembly shall be holden where the last General Assembly was holden, and at Inch General Assemblies it shall be the Duty of the Committee of the said Company to reporc to the Proprietors at large the State of the said Undertaking, and their Pioceed-ings in carrying this Act into Execution, which Report shall be fairly entered into the Book or Books of the Company, kept for that Purpose by the Clerk, and a Copy of the same shall be left at the Clerk’s Office for the Perusal of the Proprietors, who shall have Access thereto during such Hours as the said Office is usually open.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, at their respective General and Special General Assemblies, shall and may appoint a Chairman ■, and such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor, or Proxy, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have the decisive or casting Vote.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall at their First General Assembly, or ar. any Adjournment of the fame, elcdl by Ballot Twelve Persons of and out of the said Company of Proprietors, to be a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company, until the next General Afitmbly of the said Company, to be holden on the First Thursday in the Month of December then next enfung, and the Power of the said Committee shall then cease and determine; buc no Person or Persons shall be capable of being elected of and upon such Committee unless he shall hold and be possessed of Five Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking: Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Cor.tract, under the said Company, shall be capable of being elected or of serving upon such Committee, during the Time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, Employment, or holding such Contract.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall and may at every Meeting by them held, during the Continuance of their said Office, appoint a Chairman by and out of the said Committee j and that no Member of any Committee shall have more than One Vote upon any Qurftion that may be agitated in the said Committee, except in case of an Equality of Votes, and in rhat Cafe the Chairman shall havtthe decisive or calling Vote, aithoqgh he may have given One Vote before.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall at their first General Assembly, or at any Adjournment of the fame, elcdl b\ Ballot Three Persons of and out of the said Company of Proprietors to be Auditors of the Accounts of the said Company, and such Persons shall conti' ue in Office until the next General Assembly of the said Company, to be holden on the First Dhurfday in the Month of December then nextenfuingj but no Person shall be capable of being elcdled or of

serving

3953

49° GEORG 11 ITT. <^.191.

serving as an Auditor of the Accounts of the said C >mpany, unless Ji; fh c! hold and be possessed of Three Shares at lealt in the said Undertaking: Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Place, Office, Employment. or Contract, under the said Company, shall be cap ble of being elected or of serving as such Auditor of Accounts during the Time of his Continuance in such Place* Offi.e, Employment, or holding such Cuntraft.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Per fun shall ferre upon the Committee, and as an Auditor of the Accounts of the Lid Company, at Oneand the same Time; and every Pe.son who may be elected upon the Committee, and also an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company, shall immediately resign One of the said Offices.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority at any Gencal Assembly or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose, to remove and displace any Member or Members of the Committee, or Auditors or Auditor, nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act, and fhseupon elect any other Perionor Persons in his or their Room or-Stead; and it Hull and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpos-, to order and dil-pose of the Culfody of their Comnton Seal, and the Ule and Application thereof, and to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders f r the good Government of the said Company, and of the said Committee and Auditors, and of their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and for the whole complete and total Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or any of them, and to impose and inflict such reason.ible Fines and Fo-feitures upon all Persons who shall offend against loch Rules, Bye Laws, or Orders, as to such General or Special General Assembly shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence; and all such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing under the Common Sral of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be printed, and shall thereupon bind and be observed by alii Persons concerned in the said Undertaking, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or F.quiry to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame; provided, that the lame be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of fhvm; and fuel, Rules, Ori!ers, and Bye Laws, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein directed; and the fold Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, to such Place or Pfaces as shall at such General or Special General Assembly be thoughc proper and convenient.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee, so elected, Or the Person or Persons t lested in their Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Office until the First Thursday in the Month of December next after such Election, and on such Day Four of the said Committee shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, and in order to determine who of the said Committee shall go out of Office and crafe to be upon the Committee of the said Company the Clerk of the said Company 2t the General Assembly of the said Com-

[Uf.&JPer. J 43z Pany

N.i Prrf.m to fine cn t lie Committee, and as an A.1-ditoi, it the same Time.

Power to Oe-reral AIR rtf bltes.

Snbsequent Appointment of Committee (by the Fro. prtetors) in the Room of those joins out of Office by Rotatien,

3954

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

pany to be holden on that Day, or fame Adjournment thereof, shall, and he is hereby required to write upon Twelve distinct Pieces of Paper of equal Size, the Name of One of the said Committee on each of such Papers; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Four of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, One by One, and those Four of the Committee, whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, and the said Company shall then elect, by Ballot, as aforesaid, Four Members of the said Company, who shall severally bepofieffed of and entitled to Five Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking, and such Four Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in case of Death or Refofal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced by the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly convened for that Porpose), and no longer; and on the First Thursday in the next succeeding Mourn of December, Four more of the Committee firit elected by virtue of this Act, as Part of the Committee, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company; and in order to determine who of such Eight of the Committee shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, the Clerk of the said Company at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thertof, shall and he is hereby required to write upon Eight distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of One of such of the Committee on each of the said Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel by such Clerk, and Four of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, One by One, and those of the Committee whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office and cetfe to be upon the Committee of the said Company; and the said Company shall then cleft, by Bailor, as aforesaid. Four Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be upon the Committee of the said Company in the Room or Stead of such Four of the Committee; and such Four Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refund to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act cirested, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid), and no longer; and on the Fiift ‘Iburfday in the next succeeding Month of December the Four remaining Members of the Committee first elected by virtue of this Act, or ihe Pc. Ion or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Commiitee of tie laid Company; and the said Company shall, at their General Assembly io be holden on that D-y, or fume Adjournment thereof, cleft, by Bffiot, as aforesaid, Four Members of the said Company, qualified as af ref.id, tube upon the Committee of the said Company, m ffi Room or Stead of such Four of the Committee going out of Office as lait aforesaid, and such Fou Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to rft, or ceasing to b~ qualified in Manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as atoicsaid), and no longer; and on the Firit 1'urfduy in every succeeding Month of December in each and every Year, pour Pci ons ou of the Membeis of the faiU Company, qualified as afore-Taid, fha.t be elected by Ballot as aforesaid, by the said Company, to be

Members

3W

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191/

Members of the Committee of the said Company; and such Four Pet Tons so defied shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displactd as aforesaid), and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the fair! Company of Proprietors again to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, again to be a Member or Members of the Lid Committee.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case on any such First Thursday in the Month of December in any Year, no such Nomination and Appointment of such Four Members of the Committee shall be made, then and in every such Case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Thursday following, for the Purpose of making such Election; and in case no such Nomination and Appointment shall be then made, then and in every such Case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the ‘Thursday following, for the Purpose of making such Election, and so toties quolies until such Four Members of the Committee shall be chosen; but such Four Members of the Commi tee shall not continue in Office, or be Members of the Lid Commi tee lor any longer Space of Time than if they had been elected on rl-.e laid First Thursday in the Month of December as aforesaid; and until such Four Members of the Committee shall he chosen, the Four Members of the Committee going out of their Office shall continue in Office, and shall enjoy the fame Powers and Authorities as the other Members serving upon the said Committee.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in-case any Person or Persons elected by the said Company as a Member or Members of the Committee of the said Company, shall die or refuse to ad in the Execution of this Act, or shall cease to be entitled to Five Shares a: the lead in the said Undertaking, or shall hold any Piace, Office, Employment, or Contract under the said Company, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company toeled at the next General Aflem-bly, or at fotr.e Special General Assembly of the said Company to be called for that Purpose, feme Person or Persons, qualified as aforesaid, to be a Member or Members of the Committee of the said Company, in the Room or Stead of the Member or Members of the Committee so dying or refefing to ad, or ccafing to be qualified, or holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contract under the said Company; and every Person or Persons so elected shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the PeTon or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be fa elected, and shall continue in Office as a Member or Members of the Committee, for such Time and no longer, as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be so elected would have continued in Office.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any such General Assembly there lhati not be Persons present, either as Principals or Proxies, who shall be possessed of or entitled to at least Two hundred and fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, no Choice of any Committee shall be made at that Time, but such General Assembly of the said Company shall be adjourned to that Day Week to be holden at the same Place, and so from Time to Time until there shall be such Persons present at such General

Afftmbly

In cash Committee ate not

appointed on the Oay mentioned, another jlect'ng to he had for that 1’urpole.

Siibfequeirt Appointment ot i he Committee by the Proprietors in the Room ot those who shall d e, refuse to :tcl, nr become ddt{uaished.

General

AJTenbliet for choosing Committee to con lift of 150 Sharea.

3956 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 19*;

Assembly having such Number of Shares as aforesaid, and such Choice of such Committee shall then take place and not before-, and of every such adjourned Meeting Three Days Notice shall be given in Two or more of the London N>wfpapers; and in case of Failure of the assembling of a sufficient Number of Proprietors as Principals or Proxies, having such Snares, at such Genetai Assembly, every Proprietor or Proprietors who fb ill not attend such Second or adjourned General Assembly in Person or by Proxy, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company for every Share which he, she, or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, the Sum 'if Ten Shillings, to be deducted out of his, her, or their next Succeeding Payment of Interred or Dividends or the Profits of the said Undertaking (as the Case may happen); and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Six Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then and in every such Case such Penalty and Forfeiture of Ten Shillings shall and may be levied and recuvered by such Ways and Means as any other Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act may be levied and recovered.

SuMequent

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Auditors so elected, or

Auditors"* '*e Person or Persons so elected in their Room or Stead, by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Office until the said First Thursday in the Month of December next after such F.lection arid on such Day One of the said Auditors shall go out of Office and ceale to be an Auditor of the Accounts of he said Company, and the fame Provisions herein-before made and enacted in respect of the Election of Members to serve upon the Committee in the Room of those going out, by Ballot or Rutation, or who shall die, refuse to act, or become disqualified, shall be applicable to the Election of Auditors of Accounts.

No Person on the Committee, or Auditor, to be concerned in anjr Contraft, &c. under Peuaky*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person being a Member of the said Committee, or an Auditor, shall hold any Contraft or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Act, or be beneficially employed or in any Manner interested or concerned directlyor indirectly in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Company; a d in case any Person being a Member of the said Committee or an Auu 'or shall hold any Contraft, or enjoy any Place of Profit created by ihi- Act, r fh <11 he in any Manner beneficially employed or concerned, directly or 1 directly, in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the la Company,'hen and in every such Case every such Person so being Member of the said Committee or Auditor, shall forfeit and pay f. >r every such Off nec the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to a.iy Person or Persons vho shall sue for the lame, to be recovered n any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or o me Calc, , r by Bill, Plainr, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Pro ftion, r Wager of Law, or more than One Impananc. shall be allowed; and One-half of such Penalty, when recovered, shall '^e paid to the Person r 1 ersons who shall sue for the Pine, and the other Half shall be paid to the said Company, to be applied to the Purposes of his Act; a. d 'he Person or Persons so cunvift shall be absolucely disqualified from acting ai y longer as a Member or Members of the Committee or Auditor of Accounts of the said Company, and no Proprietor of the said Company, or any Member of the Committee, or Auditor of Accounts of the said Curtlpany, interested in any such Contraft, Mat er, or Thing as aforesaid, shall vote in any Question touching or concerni g the nine.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear, that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution a Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be holden, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Twenty or more of the said Proprietors who collectively may be possessed of, and entitled to One hundred Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, by a Nodce under their Hands to be given to the Cle:k of the said Company, to require the said Clerk to give Notice of such Special General Assembly •, and the said Cleric shall and he is hereby required within Fourteen Days from the Receipt of such Notice to give Twenty-one Days Notice of such Special General Assembly, in Two or more Newspapers usually circulated in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct and appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason, Occasion, and Intention of requesting such Special General Assembly, and the Time when and Place where the same shall be holden, which Place shall be within Two Miles of the said Bridge; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice; and such of them as shall be present at such Special General Assembly, shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors, with respect to the Matters fa specified in such Notice only; and all such Acts, Orders, or Determinations of the Proprietors or the major Part of them so met together at every such Special General Assembly, (provided that the Proprietors present, either as Principals or Proxies, shall be possessed of at lealt Two hundred and Fifty Shares in the said Undertaking), shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice as if the fame had been done at any Hated General Assembly: Provided always, that in case the said C'erk shall nor, when so required, call the said General Assembly, it shall and may be lawful for the said Proprietors, by a similar Notice, to call such Special General Assembly, which said Special General Assembly shall have the fame Power, Privilege, and Authority, and be in all Respects considered the same as if it had been called by the said Clerk.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, a Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates and Tolls herein allowed to be demanded and taken, and such other Officers, as to the said Company of Proprietors shall seem proper; and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officers or any of them, and lo nominate and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Hoorn or Stead in Manner aforesaid, taking such Security from every such Treasurrr, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other Officer, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, and granting to them respectively such Salary and Compensation as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and such Clerk or Clerks shall in a proper Book or Books, to be provided by the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said

[Loc, & Per.'] 44 A Undertaking,

3957

Assemblirs of the Pr.jpr e-tors may be fp dally convened.

General Af* fembly to appoint OScerv.

39s8 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors and Committee respectively, and each of the said Proprietors of the said Undertaking shall and may at all convenient Times have recourse to and peruse and inspect the fame, paying for such Perusal and Inspection the Sum of One Shilling and no more, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for every One hundred Words so to be copied the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or Jets Number of Words; and if any such Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall refuse to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors, so interdted as aforesaid, to inspect such Book or Books of Accounts and Proceedings at all convenient Times or Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

For Appoint-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to certin'c ?Ei anc' ^or the Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special Gene-VacYncfca. ral Assembly, as aforesaid, to suspend or remove any Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, or other Officer or Servant of the said Company, by reason of any Negligence, Misconduct or Inability, and in case any such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyov, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors, or of the said Committee, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors at their next General or Special General Assembly, to appoint any other fit Prrl'on or Persons to execute such Office in the Place of the Person or Persons who shall so die, be renioved'from, of quit the Service of the said Company or of the said Committee; and it shall and may be- lawful to and for the Committee of the said Company to suspend any Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company, by reason of any Negligence, Misconduct, or Inability, and to appoint any other fit Person or Persons to execute such Office or Offices in the Room and Stead of the Person Or Persons so suspended from the Service of the said Company* but 'in case any such Suspenfnnor new Appointment 1shall be madefy the said Committee, ' the same shall continue only until the next General or Special General Assembly for that Purpose of the said Projiwtetor.s, when the said Suspension of such Person or Persons front such-respectm: Office or Offices shall either be confirmed or annulled, and in case futib'Sutpenlkm shall be confirmed, it shall and may be lawful td and for the-said Company of Proprietors at such General dr Special General'Assertlbly for that'-pyipose, to d!schatge> such Person dr Persons 'ld lulpe'nded by the said Cortlrhme*, and td Confirm ariv new Appointment Xvhidh fHal} df rtiay have been made by the said Cddimitree, dr to appoint such other fit- Person or Persons: to succeed to such Office' or Offices as the said Proprietors at such General or Special General Assembly for thdt-Porpost maytMdk'prdjpeiV- bril v i qi. r r —

■ !.') > :’r: > dwti bn*; aiitir!) lb •' nojsi cot‘1 micrmoD

Officers, Ac. XX

VII. And hi' itTurthef enactedi That every such Treaffireiy Ensri-to account. nW, Surveyor, Cfcrk, ftoiltfUir, ReWivPrordtfkr OflbitW Servaptof the said Company loito h*'Appointed asffortiaid, shall under hisofttfdr , l&,r ball *- * r.n.VcJ . .1] Hand

3959

y

I!

I

0

It

r,

it

id

ilj

i

tr-

ot

iy

AT

or

if

ot

of

iK

I

I

is

i*

49° GEORGII in. Cap. 191.

Hand or Hinds, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or such Committee shall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to loch Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in "Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his or their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, or other Officer or Servant of the said Company, and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monits as shall remain in his or their respective Hand or Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, ot to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint; and if any such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Person shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint within Twenty*cne Days after being thereunto required by the said Company of Proprietors or by such Committee, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee, or as they shall respectively direct and appoint, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid the said Company of Proprietors may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caul'e to be brought any Action or Actions against the said Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of thb Mhnies that-shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors or by such Committee, or by such Person or Persons as they respfldively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the! County, Ciry, or Place wherein the said Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, (Grilledor, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so begirding or refusing shall be and reside, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caul’e the Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector* Receiver, O’fficer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to be brought before them, and upon his,'her, or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Wav; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties^ or by the Testimony of any credible Witiiefs or Witnesses upon Oath, - it shall appear to fdeft Justices that any of the Monies that shall have betn cdl-ltfted, raised, ot received by virtue of this Act, shall be in thfc Hands‘of such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices1 may and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under f their Hands and Seals, to cause futh Money to be reyfed ky Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fimh-Tmfufter,

Engineer,

39 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Pcifens respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officeis, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the fame; or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall fl ill peifift in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or other Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for such County, City, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or with the said Committee, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee; but no Treasurer. Engineer, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer, or Person so committed for Want of sufficient Distress, shall be confined or defined in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

Power* of the

XXVIII. And be it fuuher enacted, That all the Powers and Autho-

Comnuttee. r;ties hereby veiled in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee, may be done and exercised by the major Part of the Persons present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Five, and every such Committee shall from Time to Time make Report of their Proceedings to the said. General Assemblies of the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions; and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless at all Times to such Orders and Directions as aforesaid) meet at such Times and Places as they shall think fit, and in order to defray the Expences of their said Meetings, the said Committee shall from Time to Time receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted, and settled by the said Company of Proptictors at such General Assemblies, and the said Committee shall and may contract for and agree for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, that may be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Bridge, Road or Roads, or other Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may on the Part and Behalf of the said Company of Piopriecors settle, determine, and adjust all Matters, Questions, and Differences, which shall or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors, and the several Owners of, and Persons interested in, any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall or may be taken and damaged or affected by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and shall and may mike Agreements, Contradts, and Bargains, w th the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned in making, continuing, and completing the said Bridge, Road, or Roads, or other Wotks thereunto appertaining or belonging, and all and every Part or Parcs thereof, and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions of such General or Special General Assemblies as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to airedt and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors; and the said

1 Committee

396x

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

Committee shall by themselves, or the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors, keep a full, correct, and true Account of all Monies disbursed and Payments made by the said Committee, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on Behalf or in reflect of the said Undertaking from any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Tolls, or from any other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed in or having any Concerns, Dealings, or Transactions with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and shall regularly by themselves, or the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company as aforesaid, write, inl'ert, and enter in a Book or Books to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, Notes, Minutes, or Copies (as the Case shall require) of every such Contract, Bargain, Receipt, and Disbursement, and of all their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books dull be deposited with and kept locked up under the Care and Direction of the said Committee, or the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company as aforesaid: Provided always, that evrry Proprietor in the said Undertaking shall have free Acceis thereto upon every reasonable Defre for his or her Inflection, on Payment for such Inl| ection of the Sum of One Shilling: Provided always, that the committee* said Committee shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of and in the share’s to be said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the fame, as forfeited, if they the said Committee from Time to Time shall find wanting and neccf- n8t fary for those Purposts, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Two Months at leaf! from each other; and Thirty Days Notice at lead shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid, by Adver-tisement in One or more Newspapers usually circulating in the County of Middlesex, and in One or more Newspapers circulated in the County of Surrey, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct and appoint; provided that it shall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have paid to the said Company, in obedience to their said Calls or otherwise, the full Amount of the Sum which by his, her, or their Subscription he, she, or they, had undertaken to pay for his, her, or their laid Share or Shares •, and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place, as the said Committee shall from Time to Time order and direct; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed determined by such Committee, or within One Month next ensuing, he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Share they shall have in the said Undertaking; and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then and in every such Case he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit his, her, and their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof; all which Shares so forfeited shall be [Lee. & Per.] 44 B veiled

3 9^2

No Advntange to be taken of Forfeiture without Notice.

StiWcribers to pay their Subscriptions on Calls by the Committee, and on Failure may be iued.

Power to the Proprietors to recover Money paid on Account of any Share or Shares previous to the passing of this Aii.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 191.

vested in the said Compiny of Proprietors in Trust for and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their reflective Interests in the said Undi rt king, or shall, at the Discretion of any of the said Gen-ral nr Special General Aff mblies, be publickly fold for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietors whose Siuies and Interest shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided neverthelcft, That no Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be or be deemed to be incurred, save and except Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing, signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Committee, shall have been given to or left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be known to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Committee, and shall be within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange of the City of London, or until such Notice shall be sent to or left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be known to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Committee, and shall be Ten Miles or upwards d.stant from the Royal Exchange in the City of London, nor until all such Share or Shares shall likewise have been declared to be forfeited at some General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the respective Periop.s who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed, (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of and agreeable to the Powers and Directions of this Act), at such Times and Places, and in such Manner, as shall be directed by the said Committee; and in case any such Subscriber or Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place and Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company ot Proprietors are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity whatever; but in case any fcch Person or Persons shall, upon being sued by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, pav up all Arrears of his or their Subscription, together with full Costs of Suit, such Person or Persons shall be rein-stated in the Share or Shares respecting which he or they was or were so sued, as fully and completely, to all Intents and Purposes, as if no such Action or Actions had been brought.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall, previous to the passing of this Act, have been paid by any Subscriber or Subscribers to the said Undertaking, for or on Account of any Share or Shares therein, to any Person or Persons whom-loever, shall be accounted for by such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as they shall respectively appoint; and in case of Non-payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by the said

Company

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191. 3963

Company of Proprietors, from the Person or Persons to whom or to whose Account the same shall have been paid, in such and in the like Manner, and by such Ways and Means as if such Sum or Sums of Money had been advanced and paid by, or received on Account of the Paid Company of Proprietors after the passing of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought by the Direaing said Company of Proprietors against any Person or Persons who hath or

have subscribed, or who shall hrreafter subscribe or advance any Money call*, for and towards the said Undertaking, or against any Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount to, for such and so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case m3y happen to be), whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action, it shall be only necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants at the Time of making such Call or Calls, was or were an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of (ome Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in fad made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is di-reded by this Act, and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear to be due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds, or was made within the Space of Two Months from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgement shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be flayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgement shall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgement, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with eft’ed; and also if the said Judgement shall be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be mrt-prcjfedy to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Costs adjudged by the said Judgement, and all Costs and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subscriber or Comn,;ttee Subscribers to the said Undertaking shall be minded and desirous to pay or may allow advance immediately into the Hands of the said Committee, or of the

Person or Persons whom they shall appoint to receive the same, the full on Payments Amount of his, her, or their Subscription or Subscripdons for such Share "iadviuce. or Shares for which he, she, or they may have subscribed, or any Part thereof net being a less Sum than Fifty Pounds, without waiting for the said Call or Calls to be made, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Committee to pay to the said Subscriber or Subscribers so paying in 3 Advance

3964 49* GEORGII Ilf. Cap. xgi.

Advance as aforesaid, out of the Funds of the said Company, Interest upon the Sum or Sums so advanced, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum fer Annum upon the Amounr, which such Payment in Advance may be over and above the said Calls, and from the lime of advancing the fame up to the Period of such subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum then in Advance, over and above the Amount of the said Call.

AudiWthe

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Audirors of the Accounts of the said Company shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to meet at fomeconvenient Place Twice at the h alt in every "i ear, for the Purpose of examining the Accounts of the said Company, and at such Meetings all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking, or on any of the Works thereunto belonging, by the Tteafurers, Receivers, Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Parsons whomsoever, employed by or concerned for or under them in and about the said Undertaking, or the Works thereunto belonging, shall be laid before the said Auditors to be audited and settled} and the said Auditorsshall cause a fair and correct Statement of the Accounts to be made out, which Statement shall be laid before the next General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for their Confirmation; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Auditors shall from Time to Time receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted, and settled by the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly.

On the north

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, or before*Shares* ProPr'etors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall happen to •ompieted, die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum or tortnfa*'do Sums to be advanced, on any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall it0." Trustees have been possessed of, or entitled to, without having made Provision by of Luntics, will or ot'nerwife, how and in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how and by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Ca(e the Executor or Executors, Adminifirator or Administrators of every such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunatics, or of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Ellate and Effedb of any such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified again/! all and every such Trustees, Committees, and other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such aeceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191. 3965

for? rf such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustets, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of the Infant or Infants, or other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, in his, her, or their*Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for; and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the rest of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in Trull for and for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be (old and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to *h1’r<ri ma5'1* and for the said several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or °‘ ' their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Efftd following; videlicet:

I A.B. of in Consideration of . Form of

* paid to me by C.D. of do hereby Convene*

* bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C.D. the Sum of

« Capital Stock of and in " The Strand Bridge," being

« of my Share in the said Under-

taking, to hold to the said C.D. Executors,

1 Administrators and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that I held the same immediately ‘ before the Execution hereof: And I the said C.D. do hereby agree to

* take and accept the said Capital Stock or Share of subject

* to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witntls

‘ our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the

* Year of our Lord

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks so the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have testified and indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Tran>fcr, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to n ake such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered, as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Iniertft for such Share or Shares paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

\Loc. £?* Per.'] 44 C

3966 49" GEORGII HI-1 Cap. 191.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such

atfei-a'csil, Money fba'I have been made by the said Commitrte as aforesaid, noPerforj

till tii<- Money or Perkins shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares wh ch he, file, or they, hc 'iiki shall pofle's in the said Undertaking, on pain of forfeiting; h,s, her, or their rr-speftivt S ia-e or Shares 1 herein to the said Company of Proprietors, in I iuft for the Benefit rf all the said Proprietors, unless at the Time of luih Sale or Transfer such Call or Calls shall have been paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietor0, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so foid or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared at a General or Special General Assembly in Manner before directed.

For regulating

XXXVIII. And whereas in Cases where the original Subscriber or Su'o-tiunof sharei. scribers of One or more Shaie or Shares in the said Undertaking shall marry, die, become Iniblvtncor Bankrupt, orgoout of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his Kight and Interest to some other Pe son or Persons, and

no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the said

Clerk as directed by this Act, it may not be in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them Notice or Notices of Calls made on such Share or Shares as is htreby r-quired, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her, or them for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, <or them, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it therefore further enacted, Uy Marriage. That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Picfits arising from the said Undertaking in Right of Marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of tnc Register of such Marriage, or the Eftcft of such Uegifter, shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before One of the Judges t.f His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, ora Master or Maftcis Extraordinary in Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who at hereby authorized and empowered to iwcar any such Pcilon to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company for the Time being, who shall file the fame, and make . n Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Ckik or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Under-nvWiiorin taking; and that before any Person or Persons who shall cla m any P*rt Courst Ot Ad- or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking by virtue of any B qutft or pun.nation, or jn a cour(e of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the

fi.me, the said Will or the Probate thereof, shall be produced anu shewn to the said Cleikor Clerks, orlo mueh of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Administration in case the Proprietor shall have died inteftare, shall be made and sworn to by any Executor or Executors of such Will, or by an Administrator or Admin.stratois of the Estate and EfTefls (as the Case may happen o be) before One of the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at ffcj?min~ Jler, a Mafltr ot Maftirs Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Julhices of the Peate, and shall alho be transmitted to ihe'said Clr k or Chrks, who shall file and er ter the fame in the Manner herein mer-Fv any o htr tioi ed; ard that in all Cases, other than is herein-before mentioned, where Means. t(,e Kight or Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pats from the original proprietor thereof to any other Person

or

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191. 3967

or Pe>fons by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof as herein directed, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons before One of the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of UeCord at Westminster, or a Master or Masters Extraordinary in ChaR-eery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Hating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to Inch other Person or Persons; and the said Judges, Mailers or Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person or Persons to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be iranfmiited to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that he may, and he is hereby required to enter and rrgilter the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the r»egifter Book or Lift of Proprietors in the said Undertaking; and that in all or any of the said Cases ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors at any General or Special General Assembly, after Two Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Person or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and such Person or Persons shall not have paid his, her, or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three Times at the Intervals of Fourteen Days between each Advertisement in Two London Newspapers, or in Two other Newspapers usually circulating in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, to declare the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited, and in such Case the same shall be and become forfeited, and fold and disposed of in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the general Fund of the said Company.

XXXIX. And, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the Namrsof pro. said Undertaking, as to their resprctive Shares therein; be it further en- ®fnd

adrled. That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby their Shares, required, at their first or as loon as conveniently may be at some subse- to bf quene General Assembly, to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to any Share or Shares in >■« Num'ier the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are then t ie«.r d respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry made to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company, and the Number of the Share affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they, is or are entitled in the said Undt rtaking, every such Proprietor pay >ng to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, for every such Certificate or Inibument; and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his, her, or their Executors, Admmiftratot8 and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, buc the Want of such Ctrtificate or Instrument shall not hinder or pievenc the Owner or Proprietor of any of the said Share or Shares from felling cr drfpofing thereof; and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become detaced, worn out, or damaged, or shall be ascertained to have been lost or destroyed, then and in such Case another Certificate shall be

made

3C;63

CVm-*ny to

<t- Mitt

50 ocol in tlis tank.

To n ake

tan n. W.IC. 4.

49® GGEORGII III. Cap.wi

made out, and entered by the Clerk on the fame Terms and Conditions

as af.ielatd.

X L. And be it further enacted, That before any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Hbufefc, Tenements, Wharfs, or Hereditaments, shall be purih. fed or taken by virtue of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and be f re the said Br.dge or Roads and Actefles thereto shall be begun to be ertft d, built, or made, the said Company of Proprietors (halt and they are hereby required to invert in the Three Pounds per Centum Cor.folidated or Reduc. d Bank Annuities, in the Names of Sir Charles Price B,roner, James Shaw El'quire, Two of the Aldermen of the City of London, Samuel Thon.tm Esquire, George Holme Sumner Esquire, and IVitliatn Melhjb Eqi ire, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, which Sum when so inverted, together with all the Interest and Dividends to accrue therefrom, and which are hereby directed to be inverted from Time to Time as they shall become payable in the said Fund, in Accumulation with the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, shall be had and continue in Trust for the Purposes herein-after directed concerning the same; and when and as f.on as it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees for the Time being, or the Majority of them, that the said Bridge and Roads, and the Works conrnft d 'herewith, shall be so far erected, built, and made, that the said Sum of Money so inverted in the Three Pounds per Centum Confuli-dated cr Reduced Bank Annuities as herein-before diiefted, together with the Accumulations as aforesaid, will be sufficient to finish and complete the said Bridge, Roads, and Works, then the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and required to transfer the same to the said Company of Proprietors, or as they shall direct, to be applied for that Purpose; and in case the said Company of Proprietors shall not within Ten Years from and after the passing of this Act, complete the said Bridge, Roads, and Works, then the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, together with the Accumulations before mentioned, shall be applied in removing such Parts of the said Bridge and Works as shall or may be then erected and 1 ft unfinished, in such Manner as they the said Trusttes, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Majority of such Trustees for the Time be ng lhill order and dtreft; or in case the said Company of Pr'prietO's shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, neglect or omit for the Space of Six Calendar Months in Succession, to proceed wi h or make rtafonkbk P.ogress in erecting, building, and making the said B'idge, Roads, and Wo'ks, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trui-t es, or th. Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Majority of such Truf-tecj for the Time being, forthwith to apply the said Trust Funds and Accumulations in remr vi g such Part or Parts of the said Bridge or Works as shall have been eicft-d, built, or made, and which shall have been li) le:t unfinished, in the same Manner as if the aforesaid Term of Ten Yea s had rftually expired; provided that such Neglect or Omtflion to prorec or 'O complete the said Bri. ge and Works, shall not arise from any u mor e fee n Accident or Damage which thay happen to the said Bridge, cr horn any Default of the said Trustees.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be constructed at the North Fad of the said Bridge One, and on the South End Two, convenient Stone Stairs or Plying Places, for the Use of the Watermen and

7 Wherry men

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191. 39^9,

Wherrymen rowing upon the said River of Thames from JVirtdfor in the County of Berks, to Grave/end in the County of Kent, and that the said Watermen and Wherrymen shall have the free Use of the said Stairs, in the same Manner as they have of the Stairs and Plying Places at Westminster Bridge and Blaekfriars Bridge, and which said Stairs and Plying Places shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be upheld, maintained, and kept in good, proper, and substantial Repair, at the Costs, Charges, and Expends of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprie- gfntrei ntd tors in building and erecting-the said Bridge, shall not erect or place more ° ru‘l0"*' than Two Centres at One Time under the Arches or intended Arches of the said Bridge whilst the same shall be building, and shall net begin to erefl any other Centre until One of the said Centres shall have been entirely removed, so that there shall not at any One Time be more than Two Centres or Parts of Centres (landing, being, or remaining under the Arches or intended Arches of the said Bridge; nor shall the said Company of Proprietors cause or permit any unnecessary Obstruction to the Navigation in the Erection of the said Bridge; and in case more than Two Centres or Parts of Centres shall be (landing, erecting, erefled, or remaining at the same Time, or any unnecessary Obstruction made as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors shall remove the fame within Twenty Days after Notice in Writing shall be delivered to them, or left with the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, by or by the Order of the Lord Mayor for the Time bring of the City of London, for that Purpose; and if the said Company of Proprietors shall neglect to remove within the Time fjecified in such Notice, such Centres or Parts of Centres or ether Obstructions, then ic shall be lawful for the said L.ord Mayor for the Time being to remove or cause the same to be removed from Time to Time as the same shall occur, a id the Charges and Expences of any such Removal shall be forthwith paid by the said Company of Proprietors to the said Lord Mayor for the Time being or his Order, together with the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Neglnfl to remove any such Centre or Centres or Parts of Centres or Centre or Obstruction when required as before mentioned, the said Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WedminJIcr.

XLIII. And, to the Intent that the Navigation of the said River Thames Waterway may not be obstructed, be it further enacted, That there shall always be ^hsP^c"of and remain a (ree and open Passage or Passages for the Water to pass and repass through the Arches of the Bridge to be built by virtue of this Act, so as to constitute a clear Waterway of One thousnd and eighty Feet at the lead within the B.it ks, and that each and every of the Arches of the said Bridge shall have a free Waterway of not less than One hundred and Twenty Feet in Width through each and every of the said Arches, and that the said Company of Proprietors shall not make any Embankment or Embankments above or helow the said Bridge, on the Surrey Side of the River, that shall extend more than Sixty Feet in Leng'h above or below the said Bridge, cr or the Middlesex Side of the River, except between Somerset House and Kitchener’s, Wharfs or make such Embankment to / [loc. &Per.'] 44 D ex end

357° 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

extern] into the River within Twenty-six Feet of the nearest Part of either

of the Arches next to the River Banks.

Ballad, Sand,

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Ballast, Sand, Gravel, Earth, or other Materials, as the said Company cf Proprietors or the Persons employed or to be employed by them, shall at any Time raise or take from and out of the said River Thames, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be raised and taken from such Parts of the said River only as the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, as Conservator of the said River, or the Person or Persons acting under his Authority shall, on Request of the said Company of Proprietors in Writing direct and appoint; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

mateaT

XLV. And whe'eas it may happen that the said Bridge, after it shall

or^temper'ry have been completed and used, n-.ay receive such Damage by unforeseen Bridge if Ac- Accidents, that the Passage th. reof may for a Time become dangerous and events hap- impra£ljcablC; be it therefore enacted, That when and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall or may appoint for that Purpose, from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry or Ferries across the said River Thames, or otherwise to erect or build a temporary Bridge at some Place or Places near to the Scite of the said Bridge, and to take and receive for Passage over the R iver Thames, by such Ferry or Ferries or temporary Bridge, such Tolls as are herein authorized to be taken for passing over any or either of the said Bridges: Provided always, that such Ferry or Ferries or temporary Bridge shall cominue for such Term only as shall be necessary for repairing and rebuilding the said Bridge, and until the Passage over the same shall cease to be dangerous or impracticable as aforesaid, and no longer: Provided also, that the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee and Successors, shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, when and as often as Occasion shall require (in case the said Bridge shall become dangerous and impracticable, and a Ferry or Ferries provided or a temporary Bridge erected as aforesaid) be compelled to employ for the working and ravigating the said Ferry or Ferries, the Free Watermen and Wherry men rowing and working on the said River of Thames from Wvidjor in the County of Berks to Gravesend in the County of Kent; and that the said Free Watermen and Whtrrymen shall have the foie Right of conveying FootPalTengers across the said River, and no other Person or Persons whom-loever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

To indemnify

XLVL. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee or any Five or the Cmrp-v y more of them, shall be and they are hereby empowered and required, before ar^Vhcrrj" the said B'id8" shall* completely fimlhed and made pafiable, to agree for men. and letrle rbe Recomptnce fit and proper to be made to the Company of

Watermen, Wherrytnen and Lightermen, for and in respect ofa Moiety of the Sunday Ferries from The Sazcy and the Stairs adjoining or near thereunto, in the County oiMiddlesex, to the oppufite Shore in the County of Surrey; and in caie such Recompence cannot be settled by Agreement between the said Committee and the said Company of Watermen, Whtrrymen, and Lightermen, then the said Committee shall be and arc

hereby

3971

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

hereby empowered and r»qu red, within the Space of Six Calendar Months, to be compiled Ir in the Dry the said Bridge shall be completely finished and made j adable, to proceed to assefs the fame by a Jury or Juries, by the fame Met' od and in the same Manner as herein directed in the Cafe of aff (Ti g the Amount of the Money to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, I erements or Hereditaments, so directed to be purchased by this prefect \ft; and the Verdict of such Jury thereupon shall be binding on all Parties; ard the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and r quired to esufe the Sum of Money so settled, assessed and determined by the Verdict of the said Jury, to be paid out of the Monies intended to be raised for the Purpose of this Act, to the Rulers, Auditors and Adiftams of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, or such Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Six Cal ndar Months after such Verdict shall be obtained, which Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid shall be laid out in the Public Funds by the Ruors, Auditors and Affillants of the said Company of "Watermen, Wherrymen arid Lightermen, and the Interest or the yearly Produce thereof, shall he applied by the said Rulers, Auditors and Assistants ■of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, as the Money arising from such Ferries hath heretofore been applied.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That icshall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, their Deputies, Officers, Agents, Strvants, Workmen and Assistants, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to design, direct, order and build, or cause to be built, and to complete, maintain and keep, with Stone, a Bridge across the said River Thames fi om such Part oft he Precinct of The Savoy, or near or adjoining thereunto, in the said County of Middlefeu, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Saint Mary Lamieth, in the said County of Surrey, as to the said Company of Proprietors shall seem most advantageous and convenient, and for this Purpose only to deepen, widen or contrail: the said River, and cut the Banks thereof, and to dig up and remove any Shelves, Gravel, Sand and Mud Aytes, and other Obstructions in the said River, and to make any Landing Places and Trenches in or upon the Banks of the Lid River, and the Lands near or adjoining thereto, and also to make any new Road or Roads to communicate with the raid Bridge, and to facilitate the Acctfs thereto by Embankment of any Part of the said River SThames near or adjoining to the said Bridge, within the Limits here-in-before mentioned and Specified, and also to make Contrafts, and do all other Acts necessary for building and completing such B idge, and for maintaining, supporting and improving the lame, and the said new Roads leading thereto, (except as to any Part of the said River or the Banks thereof, or any Lands near or adjoining thereto belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, which are herein-afeer specially provided so') they the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Deputies, Officers, Workmen and Servants, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and first making full Satisfaction in Manner herein-after directed to the Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers of and all Persons interfiled in any Lands, Houses, Tenements or other Hereditaments which shall be pulled down, made use of, or prejudiced in or by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and this Act shall be Efficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Clerks, Agents, Servants,

4 Workmen,

Power to build a Bridge,

3972

49° GEORGII III. Cap.T91.

Workmen, and all other Persons, for what they or any of them shall d(J by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

No Hcmfe to

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for Bride'e^exce t Company of Proprietors or their Succrflhrs, to erect or fuSer to be

ToilHoufC', P erected any House or Housesupon the Paid Bridge, other than tuch Gates *c' and Toll Houses as by them the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall be ordered and directed.

Company may

XLIX. And whereas, in order to have a proper and convenient Access make Roada. tQ the said Brjdge on the Surrey Side of the said River Thames, it will be necessary to make divers new Roads and Avenues from the said Bridge to diversPlaces in the Parishes of Saint George Southwark, Chriji Church, and Saint Mary Lambeth, in the said County of Surrey; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to set cut and make a Road from the said Bridge to the Road leading from the East End of Westminster Bridge to the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Parish of Saint George in the Borough of Southwark, near a certain Place called The Obclijk in Saint George’s Fields in the said Parish of Saint George Southwark in the said County of Surrey; and also set out and make another Road from the said Bridge to aceitain other Place called Oakley Street, in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the said County of Surrey, anrl also to set out and make another Road f om a certain Street called Stamford Street in the said Parish of Chriji Church, in the said County of Surrey, into the said first-mentioned Road, and to continue the fame across the said first-mentioned Road into a certain Road calied the Westminster Road, in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in such Manner as they the said Company of Proprietors shall rtcein proper and expedient, they the said Company of Proprietors first m. king Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such Lands, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as they may require for the making and ronftruCling the said Roads in Manner herein-ascer directed, in respect of the Owners of other Lands, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Roads when made shall be deemed Common Highways, and shall be repaired by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the Committee of the said Company, as they shall from Time to Time direct and appoint.

To uke and L* And whereas divers Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Buildings, are use wharfs situated on the Banks of the said River, near and contiguous to the Places iwahsoa from anc* to wtl*c* ,a'd Bridge is proposed to be cre&ed and built,

compenfa- be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and

non. for the |a|d Company of Proprietors to take and use the Lands occupied

by the said Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Buildings, if requisite to be taken and used for the Erection and building of the said Bridge, and to take down and remove such Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Build, ings, upon giving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and first making Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Wharfs, Warehouses and other Buildings, in Manner herein-after directed in respect of the Owners of other Lands; but if the said Lands so occupied by such Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Buildings, are or (hill not be required to be taken and used for the Erection and building of the said Biidgf, then and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

and they are h reby required to preserve and keep a free and convenient AcceL to and from the said Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Building, and not to obfLuft or m rleft the Octupier cr Occupiers of Inch Wharfs,

Warehouses, and other Buildings, in the proper Ufc and Enjjyme.c thereof.

LI. And whereas it may be expedient and necessary to take down and Pow to take remove certain Houses near and contiguous 10 the Places from and to which the lard Bridge is propoted to be ereftrd and buib, for the Purpose |ativnT "* of widening, enlarging, and improving the Acctfv to the said B idge; be it therrtore further enacted, That if shall and may be lawful to and for trite said Company of Proprietors to take down and remove any Hdufe or Houses, Buddings or Erections, mentioned and contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, (except such as belong to Has Majesty in R ght of His Duchy of Le.ncaster as aforesaid), and wh.cn ii may be detmed necessary. and expedient to take down and remove for the Purpose of erecting and building the said Bridge, and for widening, enlarging,-and iinprdv.ng the Accedes and Avenues thereto, upon giving Six Months Notice of such rheir Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier < r Occupiers, of such House or House*, Buildings or Election*, and first making lu:h S.itis-facrion to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Oca-pier , of such House or Houses, Buildings or Erections, in Manner herein-afrrr directed in respect of the Owners of Lands to be taken and used fur the Purposes of this Act.

LIT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Compelling _ Act c> ntalned shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or to

empower the said Company of Proprietors to take any Lands, Grounds, have Houses, Tenements, or Premises for the Purpos s of this Act, or to pro- ;l° b!’sub ceed wi;h the Works herein authorized to be made, until a sufficient icription be-" Number of Subscribers shall have been obtained, who will undertake to sure 'he Pcnv-raise the Sum of Three hundred thou land Pounds, such Subscripuo’ns to be a'recanied proved to the Satisfaction of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace assembled into Exetu-at Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey,'1'0"' and to be subject to all the Provisoes and Enactments herein contained in respect of any other such Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in this Act;

LIII. And whereas in making and conflicting the said Road from the Ajtothe South Foot of the said iniended Bridge, to the said Road front the East- Landslong-end of Westminster Bridge, to the Stones End in Blackman-street in the college. Parish of Saint George, in the Borough of Southwark, near the Obeliflc aforesaid. Part of a certain Piece or Parrel ot Lind now in the Occupation of John- Hanbury Beaufoy and The mis J.mes, extending in Length from North-east to South-wcit Nine hundred and twenty Feet or thereabouts, and in Breadth One hundred and eighty-five Feet or thereabouts, and belonging to the Principal, Fellows, and Schulars of Jesus College of Queen Elizabeth's Foundation, within the City and University of Oxford, mentioned and contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, will be required for the fame: And whereas the said P incipal. Fellows, and Scholars had intended to make and construct a Road through the Middle of the fame, from ihe North-west End to the South-eall End. thereof, and to let the Grounds and Lands on the Sides of such Road- for , [Lee. & Perl] 44 £ bunding,.

3974

At to Pi entile• in the Oc-cup aion of

Xlcilieure Beaufoji and Jam-.t.

• 49° GEORGII III. Cap. l9r.

building, by which Means the said Principal, Fellows, and Scholars would have received Ground Rents and Profits from the Lands and Grounds on each Side of such Road: And whereas by making and constructing the said Road from the South Foot of the said intended Bridge, the said Plan cannot be catried into Effect, and the said Piece or P-reel of Land will be so divided by the last-mentioned Road, as to tender the Remainder thereof unfit for building; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Prin tpal. Fellows, 3nd Scholars for the Time being, to contract for, fell, and dispose of the Whole of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, and thereu' on to grant, convey, alTign, and afiure the said Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof under their Common S> I, unto and to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors and their Stu ceflors; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase and take the Whole of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Value of such Piece or Parcel of Land shall be agreed upon between the said Principal, Fellows, and Scholars, and the said Company of Pro-piietors, or shall be a fie (Ted in Manner herein directed, in respect of other Land.*, Grounds, and Premises to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act; provided that such Value shall be efthnated by what in the Opinion of the Jury who may act’efs the fame, such Piece or Parcel of Land would have been worth if the said Pian for making such Road through the Middle of the same as aforesaid, from the North-west to the South-call End thereof, had actually been carried into Effect, and the Ground let for building as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so agreed upon or afieffed as aforesaid, as the Value of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, shall be depofued in the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, within Three Calendar Months alter such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed upon or assess'ed as aforesaid, and Notice of such Deposit in the Bank of England given by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or their Clerk for the Time being, to the said Principal, Fellows, and Scholars, or their Burlar for the Time being, shall be and be deemed and taken to be a Jsfotice to the said Principal, Fellows, and Scholars to quit and deliver up Possession of the said Piece or Parcel of Land and every Part thereof to the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Date of such Notice.

LIV. And whereas it will be necessary for the Purposes and in the Execution of this Act, to take and use certain Houses, Grounds, and Premises belonging to the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Jefut College of Queen Elizabeth's Foundation, within the City and University of Oxford, in the Occupation of the said John Hanlury Beaufoy and Thomas James, mentioned and contained in the Schedule hertunto annexed as herein-before mentioned, and which are now used for the Manufacture of Vinegar, and the fame being of great Magnitude and Exient, it would be inconvenient for the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James as well as for the said Company ot Proprietors, if the lame should be taken and uled in the Manner herein directed in the Caies of other Houses, Lands, and Ground* to be taken and uled for the Purposes of this Act be it therefore entfted, That the Value of the Imertft of the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, of and in the said Houses, Grounds, and Pic.

S, L mite*.

3975

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

mises, and the Amount of Compensation for all Injury or Damage which they shall be put to or sustain by or in consequence of the Execution of this Act, shall be ascertained and lettled in the,way herein directed in respect of other Houses, Linds, and Grounds to be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, unless the same shall be postponed by and with the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee and the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and ’Thomas James; and the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas "James shall and they are hereby required, upon Paymtnc or Tender of the first Intlalmenc as herein-after directed in respect thereof* of the Sum of Money so ascertained and lettled for the Value of the said Houses, Grounds, and Premises, and the Injury or Damage as aforesaid, or upon depositing the fame in the Bank o England in Manner by this Act directed (as the Case may be), to transfer, assign, and let over the fame Houses, Grounds, and Premises, and every Part thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest therein and thereto, which shall have been so valued and assess'ed as aforesaid, to Two Trustees (one of such Truf-toes to be named by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, and the other of such Trustees to be named by the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James), in Trust to and for the Use and Benefit of the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months alter Payment or lender shall have been made in Manner herein-after directed, of the full Sum which shall have been so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, or the same shall have been deposited in the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed (as the Case may be); and at the Expiration of such Time and after such Payment or Ten* tier, or Deposit in the Bank of England as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall transfer, assign, and set over the fame Houses, Grounds, and Premises, and every Part thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest therein and thereto, unto the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and the fame and every Part thereof shall thereupon become vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors * and if the said Trustees shall neglect or refuse to assign, transfer, and set over the fame Houses,

Grounds, and Premises and every Part thereof, and all their Right, Ti*, tie, and Interest therein and thereto, to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, upon being required so to do by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or their Clerk for the Time being, for the Space of Fourteen Days after being so required as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, peaceably and quietly to enter upon the lame Houses, Grounds, and Premises and every Part thereof, and to take full Possession of the fame for the Putposes of this Act. ,

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Money so herein-before directed to be ascertained and settled, as the Value B-uifoy1 nr* of the Interest of the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, of and •'?"

in the said Houses, Grounds, and Premises, and the Amount of Compen- '° e pai fation for all Injury or Damage which they shall be put to or sustain by or in consequence of the Execution of this Act, shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, to the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, or deposited in the Bank of England^ in Manner determined by this Act

3976 49°^E'ORGII III. Cap. 191.

Act di efted (as the Cale may b-) in Manner herein-after mentioned; (ihil is to say}, One equal Fourth Parc of such Sum of Money, within fifteen Calendar M /ilihj af er the passing of this Act; One oilier equal Hiui/b Part of such Sum of Money, within Twenty-one Calendar Months after the passing of this Act; One otlur equal Fourth Part of such Sum of Money within Twenty-leven Calendar Months after the pilling of this Act; and the remaining equal Fourth Part of loch Sum of Money within Tnitty-three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act-, and the Payment, l ender, or dc( ofiting in the Bank of England as aforesaid, of such last-mentioned equal Fourth Part shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be a Notice from the said Company of Proprietors to the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, and to the said Tiudces, to quit and dvlivei up Possession of th fame Houses, Grounds, and Prrmifts, and every Part thereof, at the Expiation of 1 hree Calendar Months fioin such lad mentioned Payment, Tender, or Drp* fii: Provided always that noticing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to en ble the said Company of Froprtetors or their Committee, to take Possession of the said House>, Grounds, and Premises, or any Part thereof, bdore the Expration of Tmec Years from th* passing of this Act, unFfs by and wi.h tr,e Consent of the said John JJanbury Beau say and Thomas James: Provided alf-i, that nothing htrein contained dead extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the said Company of Propriitors, or their Committee, or such Person or Ptrfor.s as they /hall,appoint for that Purpose, from having full and ablo-Jute Poffcrtion of the said Houses, Grounds, and Premiks, and every Part thereof, if the said Sum of Money so ascertained and lettled as aforesaid, shall have been paid or tendered to the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, or to the Person or Persons whom they shall appoint to receive the same, or depefued in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act dirtfted (as the Case may be) by the said Company ot Proprietors or their Committee, at the Expiration of Three liars from the passing of this Act.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Whole of the said Sum of Monty so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall not be paid or tendeied to the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, or to such Person or Persons as they may appoint: to receive the same*, or depofned in the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed-(as the Case may be) by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, within Six Years after the passing of this Act, the said John Han-lury Beaufcy and Thomas James shall be entitled to the absolute PoflVflion of all their Right, Title, and Interest of, in, and to the fame Houses, Grounds, and Premises, and every Part thereof, and the said Trustees shall upon such Default on the Part and Behalf of the said Company of Pro-, prietors, within One Calendar Month after being so required by the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, ic-assign, convey, transfer*and let over to the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, the fame Houses, Grounds, and Premises, and every Parc thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Iniereft of, in, and to the fame, unto and to the Ule and for the Benefit of the said John Hanbury Beaufy and Thomas James ;. and thereupon the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, It all not be answerable or accountable to ihe laid Company of Proprietors or their Committee, for any Sum or Sums of Money which may have been previously paid by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee,

Xefpering Pieutifcs of '

Mcfteuis & autoy and Jame«.

3977

49* GEORGII III. Cap. i91,

to the said H.mbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, or to any Per Ton or ■Persons on their Behalf, for or on Account of the said Houses, Grounds, and Premises, but such Sum or Sums of Money and every Part thereof, shall be wholly forfeited and lost by the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be kept and retained by the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, as an Indemnification for any Lois, Damage, or Expence they may have sustained or been put unto by or in conftqut-nce of the Operation of this Act, or any of the Provisions herein contained -, and if the said Company of Proprietors shall commence or bring any Action or Suit at Law or in Equity against the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, or either of them, their or either of their Executors, Administrators, or Alligns, the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas fames, or either of them, their or either of their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall and may plead this Act, and the Matters herein contained, and give the fame in Evidence in Bar of any such Action or Suit, and thereupon a Verdict or judgement shall pass fur the said John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, or either of them, their or either of their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, with full Colt* of Suit,

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power to alter for the Lid Company of Proprietors to lower or raise the Pavement of such Part of a certa n Sireet called The Strand, in the County of Middlesex, and strand, to m. ke such other Alterations therein as may be deemed proper for the more convenient and suitable Accels to the said Bridge, upon giving Fourteen Days Notice of such their Intention to the Clerk to the Commissioner* of such Pavement.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to powert* take and fi r the said Company of Proprietors to take and use any Lands,

Grounds, Hous s, Erections, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, A<-ceiirs t» mentioned and contained in the Schedule hereunco annexed, being in the a'idfromth* Line of Road specified and laid down in the Plan deposited with the Clerks Br‘ ee’ of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey for that Purpose (except such as belong to His Majesty in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster as aforesaidj; and which may be deemed necessary and convenient for the mak ng and constructing any Road or Roads, Acceffes or Avenues, to or from the said Br dge, which they the said Company of Proprietors are authorized to make and co. struft, by virtue of this Act, upen giving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and first making Sati faction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or O cupiers of such Lands, Erections, Grounds, Buildings, H uses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Company of P oprietors to retain after rh; Completion of the said Roads, Acceffes, or Avenues, any Lirds m G ounds to be lo t ken as aforesaid, exceeding the Breadth of Twcnti Y rds nor to ere ft ur build upon any Part of the said Lands r G ounds to brio re amed as atcre aid, any Houses or Buildings ex ct t fuc 1 Toll Hi uses at d \Ve;gh:ng Houses as shall be necessary for such R > dv, Acet lies, or Avenues, nor to continue such Toll Hopfes Handing o 1 the said Road', Acceffes or Avenues, for a longer Time than Three M mths after the f me shall cease to be necessary for such Roads,

Acceffes, or Avenu s: Provided also, that the Quantity of Land to be [Loc. & Per.J 4+ F takea

397^ 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

taken by the said Company of Proprietors for the Use of the said Roads, shall in no Part exceed Twenty Yards in Breadth, unless so thereunto required by or on Behalf of the Proprietors of such Land by virtue of the Provisions herein contained in that Behalf.

the'sl'hctu'e

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company of

n •!» rb-U e Proprietors shall and may have full Power and Authority to make and flru6i the conitruct the Accedes and Avenues to communicate with the said Bridge, UnemaJcms- anc) {0 make or conftrU(5t t|ie Roads herein mentioned, in, tarough, across, or over the Estates, Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, or Premises, cf any Person or Persons wltofe Name or Names shall appear to have been intended to be inserted in che said Schedule, and to have been omitted (herein merely by Mistake, such Mistake to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Jury impannelled to aflefsthe Value of such Estates, Lands, Houses, Buildings, or Premises; or that inllead thereof, the Name or Names of feme other Person or I’eifons to whom such last-mentioned Estates, Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, or Premises, do not belong, hath or have been by Mistake inserted therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; slave and except as to any such Estates, Lands, Grounds, Houses, Buildings, or Premises belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster as aforesaid.)

juufc<fn>o'tiq

LX. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, Waters, iare, Tenants Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, stall be set otheMn ’"i out anc* ascerta>ned for building the said Bridge, and for making and con-citatedPerwas structing the Roads, Accelfcs, and Avenues thereto, or any Part or Parts to'wi*and^ thereof, or any of them, (except as to such as belong to His Majesty in convex Lands Right of His Duchy of Lc.ncijler as aforesaid) it shall and may be lawful for the Pur- to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, E clrfiastical or E'idf d 01 ' Civil, Corporations Aggregate cr Sole, and to and for all Tenants for Lde and Tenants in Fee Tail Gener 1 or Special, cr fir Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Pofitlih-n, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, and to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Admirustrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only fur and on Behalfof themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also ftr and on Beliaif of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunaticks, ldi ts. Femes Covert, or other Person or Periods, and to and fur all Femes Covert who are or shall be teifed, possessed of, or intcreftud in, their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, or are, or shall be seised, posselLd of, or interested in, any Lands, Grounds, E'eftior.s, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so ier out and afeertasned for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, and convey the lame and every Part thereof to the said Company of Proprietors; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, which laid Conveyances, Sales, and Aflfurances, shall be kept by the Cieik or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver atcefted Copies thereof to any Person or Persons interestco thtrem requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One hunened Words of each futh-auefttd Copy, and Id in proportion for a y let Number of Words •, ' - io and

3979

49" GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

and every such Conveyance to be made by virtue of this Act, in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custora to the contrary thereof in any ,vise notwithstanding.

LXI. And whereas in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, the said Company of Proprietors may have purchased Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal abfo-Iutrly to grant and convey such Part or Parts of the Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be iV> purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and also to lay and appropriate any Part of the said Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as and for a Road or Roads, Way or Ways, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages; and that all such Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be valid and effectual, any Law, Statute, or Custom to thecmtrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding} and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Pans or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treassurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, as shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts respectively shall be expressed to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, chat the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to any Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the fame, the Price at Which the same shall be refold being adjuited and settled by a Jury, to be summoned as in Cases of Purchases made by the said Company as herein-after mentioned, such Notice to be given in Writing, and left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and Thereupon agree, or shall refus- or neglect to repurchare the fame, or shall not signify his, her, or the r Intention of repurchafing the fame within Fourteen Days after such Offer of Refale, then and in every such Cate an Affidavit being sworn before a Master or Vlafter Extraordinary in 1 he High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be, by some competent Person or Persons, (fating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and svas not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so made, the same shall in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was reiufed by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may b:_).

Company empowered to ri!fell Land* which may nnt be wanted.

39So

The Word*

* (ir^nr, Btr-jrain,and bell, to of.-ri-e a* Covenants foi the rills.

Amplication ' f Pu chafe fe&Jiicy.

For proteiSlirg the Lands of His Majesty jo Right cf Hi» Crown.

Dean and

Chapte of Well n i.iU'1, Sect

S'v’i’g R Tits o» t. e Um-miiiic nei •- f S we if of Wehm lifter and M.d lisle*.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

Lltll. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants and Conveyance to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, under or by virtue and in pursuance of the f.-vtrai Pow. rs and Authorities to rhcm hereby given, the Words " Grant, Bargain, and Sell," shall amount to and be cdnftrurd

a.id adjudged in all Courts of Judicature, to be express Covenants to the Grantee, Ltflee, or other Purchaser, hit, her, and their Heir?, Executors, Ad min dilators, and Assigns, from the said Company Of Proprietors, for tht nalelves and their Successors, that they the said Company of Proprietors, notwithstanding any AS done by them, were at the Time of the Execution of every such Grant or Conveyance, lei fed of the Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted, conveyed, and (old, of an indefeafibie Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from al! Incumbrances, for quiet Enjoyment thereof, against the said Company of Proprietors, their SucctfTirs, and Alligns, and all claiming under them; and that all such Purchasrs shall be indemnified and saved harmless by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall and may be had, received, and taken by the said Company of Proprietors, as the Confidetalion of all and every such Granr, Conveyance, or Sale as aforesaid, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in iuCh and the like Manner as any oth r Sum or Sums of Morey arising or to ar.fc from the Tolls and Rates to be collected on the said Bridge, Road or Roads, by virtue of this Act, is and are hereby directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be constiued to extend to take away, prejudice, derogate from, or in any Measure affect the Rights, Incercfls, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions, or Authorities of the King’s most Excellent Majrfly, in Right of His Crown, in respect of any Lands, Houses, Bui), ings, Tenements, H. reditaments, or Grounds of o: belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Crown, by virtue of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Maj fly’s Reign, intituled, An Act for settling and determining what Part of the Precinct of The Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, fall be u :der the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, and what Parts thereof under the Su' v y of the Duchy of Lancaster, or in any other Act; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall exttnd, 1 r be contlrued to extend to ,.ff dt in any Manner whatsoever, my cf 1 he RigVs - r Privileges of the D.an and Chapter f W"Jlminster, the H'gh S eward for the Time being, or his Deputy, he High Bailiff or hi.' Deputy, Pe B rpeffes or Assistant Burgesses of the C urt hidden by them, or any ol th m within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, to which they or a iy f them may be by Law entitled; any Thing herein contained to tl.c contrary thereof in anywise m twithstanding.

IXVI. p ovid d atw ys, and be i fu ther declared and enacted by the A th n y ,h r I d.Tlut nothing L this Act >onramed, shall extend,me <1 < med ti cm ft rued to exiet d to t rejudice, diminish, or tale away any of the R.glns, lowers, or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers,

for

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191. 39&*

£ r the City and Liberty of Westmittfer, and Ra t of the County1 of Middlesex, and ali the Rights, Powers, and Authorities vrftrdinthem, shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if this Act had not been made.

LXV'II. Provided always, and be it further declared and enabled by the of Oi^Coin-* Authority afor,elaid,:That nothing inch's Act-contained Shall extend or be m (tinner. of deemed or construed to ex end to prejudice, dimipjfh, or take away any of |u*ley °[<i the Rights, Powers, qr Authorities v.ftedin the Comm'ffijntrs of Sewers, Kent, for the Limits extending from Eafi Mouldfey in Surrey, to Ravenjiorne, in the County of Kent; but all the Rights, Powers, and-Author ties vested in them shall be as good, valid, and effectual, as if this Act had not been made.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein fremwe'lnthe contained shall extend or be construeij to extend to enable the said Company occupation ot of Proprietors to take or use, or otherwise to intermeddle or interfere with M'firs Phelps any Wharf, Road, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Premises in the Parish a" ompany* of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, in the Occupation of Samuel Phelps, Richard Troward, and Abraham Bracebridge, trading under the Firm of Phelps and Company, without the Consent in Wricing of the said Samuel Phelps, Richard Treward., and Abraham Bracebridge, fit ft had and obtained for that Purpose any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before the said Chapel in The Savoy, now used by the said German reformed Protestants, shall be taken or uled for the Purposes of this Act, the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, shall make full Satisfaction, in such Manner as the said Chancellor and Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being shall direct, to all Persons whomsoever who may be imereifed in the said Chapel.

LXX. And whereas by reason of pulling down the Houses and making Compensatic* the Alterations in pursuance of this Act, there may be Deficiencies in the any oTminu^ Produce of the Land Tax, and Paving, C'eanfing, Lighting, Watching, and tion that may Poors Rates within the Parish of Saint Maryle Strand, and in the Sums of i’n use Pa°vi'g Money payable to the Rector and Officers of the Church of the same Parish; Rates of saint be it therefore further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee shall, from and after the passing of this Act, make good and pay to the Persons entitled to have, receive, and take the Produce of such Land Tax and Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, Watch and Poors Rates, and Sums of Money payable to the Rector and Officers of the said Parish Church of Saint Mary le Strand aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money yearly and every Year for ever, as shall appear to be the yearly Amount of such Deficiencies respectively, on an Average of the Three last Years next preceding the passing of this Act; and also that in all Cases where any Hoise or Building shall be erected or built in pursuance of or under this Act, upon the Boundary Line of the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall cauie to be made and prefetved Marks of the Boundary Line of the said Parish, and shall notify the said Marks in Writing to the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, to be entered in the Books or ether Records of the same Parish.

■. [Lot. & Per.] 44 G

The German reformed Protestants Cha,iel not t» be nfedforthe Purposes of this Act till Satisfaction i* made.

39*2

Bar preserving

the Taxes and Rate' payable to the Pa-Hit of Saint Clement Danes.

io

' ’ S3

49° GEORGII i Iir. Cap. 191.

LX

XL. And whereas by reason of pulling down the Houses and making-the Alterations in pursuance of this Act, there may be Deficiencies >rt the-Produce of the Land Tax, and the Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, Watch* ing and Poor Rates payable to the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and a'so to the Precinct of The Savoy, otherwise called the Preantl of Saint John the Baptist, Savoy; be it further enactrd. That the said Company of Pro* prietors and their Committee for the Time bring, Ih-all; from an; after the passing of this Act, for ever thereafter yeaily and every Year be subj-ft and liable to make good, and shall pay, allow, and make good to the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and to the said Precinct of The Savoy, otherwise called the PrecinB of Saint John the Baptist, Savoy, all such Sum and Sums of Money which thereafter tha t be deficient in resptft of the Produce of the Assessments for Land Tax, and for Paving, Cleani ng, and Lighting, Watching and Poor Rates, within the said Parishes or Precinct respectively, by reason nr means of the Alterations arising from carrying this Act into Execution within the said respective Districts, or with n any Ddlrift or Place above-mentioned, to them or either of them, in respect of luen Taxes or Rates, or any of them, according to the Produce of fuel) several Rates and Assessments respectively in such respective Difirifts, from Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and eight, to Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall pay the fame accordingly to the several Col-leftors of the said Land Tax and Rates: Provided nevertheless, that when and as soon as there shall be erected on any Part of the Ground or Sod situate within the said Parishes or Places respectively, or within any Parish or Place rated or assessed jointly with such Parish or Place, to which any such Taxes or Rates are to be made good as aforesaid, MdTuages or Tenements, or other Buildings liable to be rated to the said Taxes or Rates, or any of them, then and from thenceforth the said several Parishes and Places in which such Messuages or Tenements, Erections or Buildings, shall befb built, or to which such Messuages or Tenements, Erections or Buildings, shall be liable to be rated, shall not any longer be entitled to receive such Compensation for Deficiency as aforesaid, without first allowing thereout, and such Parish and Place respectively is and are hereby required to allow thereout, against such Amount of Deficiency, the Amount of the Rates and Taxes which such newly erected Messuages or Buildings shall be respectively liable to.

on'°

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every 1 " ‘ Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesialtic.il or Civil,

and Tenant or Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Expectancy, or otherwise, and all Feoffees in Trult, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person or Persons who is or are seised, polTcffed of, or interested in, any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, through, in, or upon which the said Bridge, Roads, Accefies, or Avenues thereto, and other Works hereby authorized to be built, made, and constructed, are intended to be made, built, and constructed, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the said Works herein di-tested and authorized to be made, and also for Goodwill, or for any Injury

95

49° GEORGII III-'-'Cap. igt. 39%$

or Damage whatever that may affect any fWh Person or Pe son% Party or Parties, either as Leaseholder or Tenant at Wil/, or 0 her wife; pr v ded that such Goodwill shall be estimatedby what rrfihe Opinion of such Jury the fame would have been wotfh in rale tire Improvements mtftnded by •his Act had not been in Contemplation, either in grots Sums or by Annual Rents, (except in regard to His MajtWy'hn Risdit of His Duchy of Lancaster, to whom Compensation shall be made in M inner herein-after specially provided; and also except in Cases of Spiritual Persons to whom Compensation for Glebe and Tythes shall be made in Manner herein-after directed), as shall be agreed upon by and between the faitl Parties intended, respectively or any of them, and the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee; and in case the said Parties so interred in the said Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them, and the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be settled and ascertained by the Verdict of a Jury as is hereinafter directed; and all such yearly Rents or Sums as shall be agreed on between the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, and the said Parties so interested in such Lands, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them, or as shall tie so ascertained and settled by such Jury, shall be charged on the Tolls and Rates arising by virtue of this Act as long as the same shall continue, and shall afterwards be provided for in Manner herein-after directed, in respect of the Money to be raised for the Repairs of the said Bridge, Roads, Avenues, and Accedes thereto, and such Rents or Sums shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, either Yearly or Half-yearly, as the same shall be agreed, to become due and payable; and in case the same shall not be paid within Twenty-one Days next after the same shall so become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands, Grounds, Erections,

Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments may happen to lie, upon Affidavit made before them that the fame has been due and payable for upwards of Twenty-one Days, and is not yet paid or discharged, by an Order under their Hands to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Rates and Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, the said Justices taking such Security from every such Person for the due and faithful Execution of his Office as they shall judge proper and sufficient; and every such Person so appointed shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rates and Tolls, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting the fame, and shall be subject to the same Penalties, Rules, and Regulations, and shall receive and retain thereout such reasonable Satisfaction for his Trouble therein, as the said Justices shall respectively determine, in like Manner as if he had been appointed a Collector of the said Rates and Tolls by the said Company ot Proprietors, until such yearly Rents or Sums, together with all Cods and Damages by the reason of the Non-payment thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, it shall and may be lawful to 3nd for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, and Tenant or Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trud, Executors, Adm:-wltrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, and Truf-

tees.

3984 , 4-9° GEORGII III. Cafr.tyn

tres, and all and every ocher Person or Persons to whom fucfl yearly R«nt* or Sums shall be due and owing at aforesaid, to foe for and recover the fame, with full Ctfts of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Court-- of Record at Westminster, or otherwise to ftize and distratn the Tolls and Rates arising by vutuc of this Act, (Information- of such Dftrefs being immediately given to the said Company of Pnpierors by Notice in Writing, delivered at the Office of the Clerk of the said Company, or affixed to fume of their Gates or Toli-houses near to- the Have where such D stress was made), and to detain as much of the said Races and Tolls as shall amount-to such Sum or Sums of Money so due and unpaid as aforesaid, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Distress.

ifpartirtate

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic, thcj nv'y’ Corporate, or Collegiate, liccleftallical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate caul* a jury or Sole, or any Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executor, Administrator, MHedto'de- Hufbaud, Guardian, Committee of or for any Lunatic or ldior, or any c dc the Mat. Feme Covert, or any Person whether Tenanc for Life or in Fee Taft fer- General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether

in Puffcllioh, Remainder, Reversion, Expediency, Or Otherwise, or any Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Committee respecting the Purchase of, or the Annual Rent for any Lands, Grounds, Eredlio"S, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or shall be d.ffjtisfr d w,th any Sum of Money offered by or on Behalf of the Committee for the fame, or with the Satisfaction to be made for any Damag-s that may from Time to Time be sustained by him, her, or them, by the buiMing and erecting the said Bridge, or by the making and maintaining the said Road or Roads, Avenues and Acceffes thereto, or by any Part or Parrs thereof, or by any of the Works thereunto belonging, hereby authorized to be made, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee, within Twenty-one Days after the fame (halt have been made, and requiring a Jury to be summoned for the Purpose of determining such Purchase Money, A mual Rent, or Satisfaction; or if any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Coilctti-ate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or any Fcoffe or Feoffees in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee of or for any Lunatic or Idiot, or any Feme Covert, or any Person whether Tenant for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Re-version, Expectancy, or otherwise, or any Person or Persons lo int relied or entitled as aforesaid, shall upon Notice in Writing to their respective principal Officer, given by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors or of the said Committee, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditament:-, to tie made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall for the Space of 1 wenty. one Days after the Delivery of such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or with their Committee, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented trom treating, or through Disability or Nonage, Coverture or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agrcments as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not wnhin the before-mentioned Space of Twenty-one Day*, produce and fully dilcloie 5 the

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 1^1.

the State of the Title to the Premises which he, she, or they respectively is or are or shall be in Possession of, and the Interrft which he, she, or they respe&rvely may claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Notice by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietor*, or of the said Committee, in cale Security in Manner herein required shall be given, or after the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the Delivery of such Notice by the said C eik, as the Case may be, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriff of the County in which the Matter in Question shall arise, or to the High Bailiff of the Ciry and Liberty of iVefiminster, if such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be within the said City and Liberty; and in case any such Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff, or High Bailiff, or his Deputy Bailiff, shall be one of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office or Place of Profit or Trust under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matter in Question, then to any one of the Coroners of such County or the last Person who filled the Office of High Bailiff, who shall not be so interested as aforesaid; and in case all the said Coroners of the said County shall be so interested, then to the last Person who filled the Office of Sheriff of such County, who shall not be interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner, or such other Person, to impannel, summon, and return a Jury, and the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner, of such other Person is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honest, sufficient, and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for the Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, ro appear before the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner or such other Person, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days nor more than Twenty-eight Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner, or such other Person; and Fourteen Days Notice at the Jeaft in Writing under the Hands of the said Committee or any Five or mere of them, is hereby required to be given to such Owners, Proprio. tors, Occupiers, Corporations, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or other Hereditaments, cr to be left at the respective Dwelling-houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Corporations, or at the House of the Tenant in Pofftffi m of such Lands or other Hereditaments, of the Time and Place of the said Jury being so impannelled, fumtnoned, and returned j and the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner, or fu h other Person is hereby required, out of the Persons so impannelled, summon<rd, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficient Nurr her of jurymen, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner, or Other Person shall return other honest, sufficient, and indifferent Men of the Scanders-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Nugiber of Twelve; and it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Count'd, and Solicitors, to attend and be heard, and to.adduce Evidence before the said Sheriff, Under [Lot. tf Per.} I 44 H Sheriff,

3986

49* GEORGII IH. Cap. 191.

Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner, or such other Person respectively, and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array s and the said Committee are hereby empowered and required, by a Summons or Notice to be signed by any Five or more of the said Committee, either previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Committee may order and authorize the said Jury or any Six or more of them to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in Question, if there be Occasion, and to use all other lawful Ways and Means as well for his and their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner, or such other Person shall think fit; which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff^ Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner or such other Person, or any one of the said Committee, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall enquire of, assess and ascertain the Sum of Money or Annual Rent to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or other Hereditaments, or what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to- such Owners, Occupiers, Or other Person or Persons interested, for or on account of the taking of such Lands or other Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act, or of turning any Part or Parts of the said Road or Roads, Avenues or Accedes to the said Bridge, into, over, or through the fame Lands or other Hereditaments, and also for Goodwill, or for any Injury or Damage whatever that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholder or Tenant at Will, or otherwise, provided that such Goodwill shall be estimated as herein-before directed concerning the lame, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame; and after the said Jury shall have enqu red of, aficrtained, and settled such Damage, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner, or such other Person, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Committee on their Behalf, to the said Owners or Occupiers of, or cther Persons interfiled in the said Lands or other Hereditaments, according 10 such Verdict 01 Inquisition of the said Jury •, and the said Committee shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies, Rent, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict or 1 quisition, Order and judgement thereon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Committee or any Five or more of them, and shall be final, Ending, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming any Elhte in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives in PoflVflion, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their.Heir-s, Successors, Executors and Administrators, Infants, Iffuc unborn. Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, anu under ary other DaLbility whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Pe f ns whomotver, and Hull not be removed by Certiorari or other Frocefs inro any of His Majesty's Courts of Rero d at IV'fjimwJler, or any other Court.; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwith-. Handing: Provided always, that the Value, Rent, or Damages so to be

-j9 ascertained

39s7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

•fcertained and assessed as aforesaid, shall be according to the Value of such Lands, Hereditaments, or Premises, in respect of which such Assessments shall be trade immediately before the passing of this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to His Majesty or His Successors.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Fine upon * Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner, or such other Person so dtrefled to impannel, iummon, and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or nrn for Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for fevery such Offence Dt-

forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action oKDebt f iult' or on the Cafeby the said Company of Proprietors, or by such BodiesPolitick,

Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons interested in the Matter in question; and if any Person so impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid upon such jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall be liable and subject to the fame Regulations, and to the fame Pains and Penalties for such Default, as if he had been impannelled, summoned, and returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts at WeJiruinJUr, to be recovered and levied as hereafter mentioned, in respect of Persons summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury •, and if any Person so summoned *r.d required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or shall not alledge a sufficient Excuse to the said '[Sheriff,

Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff, Coroner or such other Person, for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending, upon Proof thereof made before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Matter in Question shall arise, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Discretion of the said Justice; and in case such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to such Person the Overplus, af.-er such Penalty and the Charges of the Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and every such Penalty which shall be paid by or recovered from any Person who shall be impannelled, summoned, and returned on such July, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall appear to the said Justice to be injured by the; Default of such Person.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person PimUhing

• who, in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Act Prions guilty

• shall wilfully give false Evidence or otherwise forswear themselves before of Per,uiy' any such Jury, or before any Justice of the Peace acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws

in being subject and liable to.

39&S 49° GEORGII ItJ. Cap. 191.

P».Tons re-

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and 5iejft‘tn0Kenter bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Per* into BonH« son or Persons requeuing a Jury to be summoned, shall (before such tion "abide Warrant shall be issued for that Purpose) enter into a Bond with two sufficient the Event. Sureties to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, ias.

a Penalty of One hundred Pounds, with Condition to pay and bear the Cods and Expenses of summoning such Jury and taking such Verdict, in case the same shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum or Bent than had been offered by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, before the itnpannelling, summoning, and returning the saidjury or Juries, for the Putchafe of or as a Recompence for any Lands or other Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Damages, or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages, where the whole Dispute was or wat not done as aforesaid.

Krtice of

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall jp<venJr to° the llct» nor any the111 be obliged or allowed by virtue of this Act, cierki of the to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by

Company*

any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them sustained or suppoied to be sustained by virtue or in confe* quenre of this Act, unless Notice shall have been given thereof by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons to the Clerk of the said Company, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

For making

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That full. Recompence, Satis* faction and Compensation shall be made by the said Company of Proprie-ur yt e!‘ tors for all the Tythes, both Great and Small, of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company for the Pui poses and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the respective P rlons entitled or who would have been entitled to such Tythes, in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of, according to their respective Interclts therein, such Tythes to be estim.ated at the Value of fen Shillings per A ere, and so in Proportion for any.greater or less Quantity: Provided always, th.t ihe Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by vi tuc of this Act, for alt Gleb' Lands and Tythes belonging to Spiritual Persons, shall be made to such Persons by an annual Rent.

Evpence of

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Cafe where ■Wimtflf* and a Verdict shall be given for more Money or for a greater annual Rent, for a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absoluie Sale of any Land , Tenement?, or other Hereditaments of or belonging to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecciefufticai or Civil, or to an) Person or Persons unknown, or as a Compensation for any Damages dot e .-r to be done tosny Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments or QttierP operty, than had been previously tendered by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages where the Dispute is for Damages only, and vhcre no Compensation or a smaller Sum than shall be given by such Verdict had been previcdly offered or tendtred in respect thereof, by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or where by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries or other-impediment or Disability as aforesaid,

39*9

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i9r.

said, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may her legally capacitated to enter into a Contraft with, and make Conveyances* lo and receive Compensations from the Paid Company >.f Proprietors or their Committee as herein-bTore mentioned, then and in all such Case' all the Expences of impannelling and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict, shall be settled by any Two or more or the Justices of the Pc..ce for the said Counties of Middlesex or Surrey (winre such Verdict was taken, as the Case may happen to be), not iritercfted in the Matter in question (who are hereby authorized and requ red to examine into and settle the fame), and shall be defrayed by the said Con piny of Propti tors; but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum or Rent that had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company of Pm rietor or their Committee, or for a It-fs Sum than had been so previously off. red, or for Damages where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in cale of sech Refusal or Neglect to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to or receive Compensation from the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Eccl fiastical or Civil, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provifiuns of this Act or otherwise legally capacitated to treat and convey or receive such Compensations as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases (except where by reason of AbsentC or otherwise any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid), the Costs and Expences of impannelling, summoning, and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict, shall he settled in like Manner by such Justices, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Poitic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiasticai or Civil, or o'lier Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors or theit Committee shall have such Concerns, Dispute', or Controversies; which said Costs and Expences, having been so settled, shall and may bededufted out of the Money foaflefied and adjudged, asfo much Money advanced to and for the Ufecf such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiasticai or Civil, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so afiefled and adjudged; and in case no Damages shall be given > by such Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, such Costs and Expences, after having been so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by this Acr.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices and Juries respectively in their Awards, Determinations, Adjudications, Judgements, and Verdicts, concerning the Value of Land', Tenements, and other Hereditaments, shall separately and distinctly proportion off any particular Estate, Terms, or Interests, and also any Damages sustained or tohefuf-tained by any Body Politic or Bodies Politic, Co'porate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiasticai or Civil, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by or in consequence of the Execution of any Powers of this Act, and shall afffs and adjudge the Value set upon such Estate, Term, and Interest, and the Money assessed and adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, d ftinft and apart from each other (except as to any Lands, Tenements, or other Here. [Loc. & Per.~\ 44.1 * ditaments.

Deternvna-tion < f the Justices or Jury rtfseft-in; the Value cf Lardj and Damage* tobe afeer'ained icporaidy.

399

X.andi to vest absolutely in the Company who may take VoiTeflion on Payment or "Tender ot Purchase Monty or Compensation.

The Chancellor a"d

Council of the Duchy of Lancaster empowered to fell anti convey certain Hoiiics, fcc. to the Coin-pany.

49° GEORGII IIX.- Cap. 191-

ditaments, belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Du by of Lancaster as aforesaid).

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal 1 en-der of such Sum or Sums of Monty, or good and sufficienc Security being given under the Common Seal of (lie said Company, for Payment of any such annual Rent as thall have been contrasted or agreed for between the Parties,or adjusted and determined by any Jury or Juries, for the Purchase or Rent of any such Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompence fur any yearly Produce or Profits thtreof, or as a Compen. fation for Damages as herein-before mentioned, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be inrerefled therein, or entitled to receive such Purchase Money, Rent, or Compen'auon resptfi vdy, or to Ir.s, her, or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for, determined, or assessed, or depositing the fame in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Tenements, ot other Hereditaments rrfpcflively (or before such Payment, or Tender or Security givtn, by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof), and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Eflare, Use, Trull, and Imereti, of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property of the said Company of P< oprietors, to and for the Purposes of this Act, for ever j and such Tender, Payment, or Depofir, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interefi, or Demand, of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all E-llates Tail, and other Estates in Reversion, Remainder, Expediency, or otherwise, of his, her, or their Hue, and of nil and every other Person or Persons interested therein: Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment, Security, Tender, Investment, or Deposit, made or given as aforesaid, shall be made, it shall not be lawful to or for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons acting under or by virtue of their Authority, to dig or cut, or otherwise affect, any Lands or Grounds, or to take down, remove, or otherwise affect, any Tenements or other Hereditaments of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security, for the Purpose of building or erecting the said Bridge, or of making or conflrucling any of the Roads, Accedes, or Avenues, to or from the same, or any of the Works thereunto belonging, without the Leave and Consent of such Person or Persons respectively (except as to any Lands or Grounds, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster as aforesaid).

LXXXII. And whereas it may be expedient and proper that the Chancellor and Council of LIis Majesty's said Duchy, on His Majesty's Behalf, should be aathorized to sell and convey to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belongirg to His Majesty in Right of His said Duchy, as maybe necdTary to be purchased, used, taken down, and removed, for the Purpose of making a proper and convenient Avenue to the said intended

8 Bridge t

4* GEORGII III. Cap. i^i. 399*

Bridge ( be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, to conrraft for, fell, and ciifpole of, any such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which, by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, shall be thought necessary to be purchased, used, taken down, or removed, fur the Purposes of this Act, and thereupon to grant, convey, assign, and assure such Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, in the Name of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of the said Ducbv, unto and to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, at and for such Price or Piices, and upon such Terms and Conditions^ as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Chancellor and Council, and the said Company of Prop ittors or their Committee •, and that upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so settled and determined upon as and for the Price or Consideration for such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the Time being, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings under the Seal of the said Duchy, for and in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant and convey the fame, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors for the Purposes aforesaid, which said Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, Under the Seal of the said Duchy, being enrolled in the Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, within Six Months from the Date thereof, shall be effectual and sufficient to vest in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, any Thing contained in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Her iate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or in any other Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and ThePur-Sums of Money to be paid as and for the Purchase or Consideration Money for the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or be paid to the Ground and Soil of the said River so to be sold and conveyed as last men- Receiver G«* tioned, under and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by the said Com- c^chy. ' ' pany of Proprietors or their Committee or Treasurer, into the proper Hands of the Receiver General of the said Duchy for the Time being or his Deputy, and shall be by him paid, applied, and disposed of, as the said Chancellor and Council in Court of Revenue of the said Duchy shall from Time to Time order and direct, according to the Provisions and Regulations contained in an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy cf Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents and other Rents, and to tnfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Tmber on Lands held of the said Duchy.

LXXXIV. And whereas it will be necessary to embank Part of the North Re(p*fling Shore of cue said River Thames, within the Precinct of The Savoy, in order to the better and mote perfect building of the said Budge, and it will formuiding therefore be expedient and proper that the said Company of Proprietors the Bridg«, should be enabled to embank the famebe it therefore further enacted.

That

3992

As to Binfc between tlx Bridge and Soinf rfet House.

49® GGEORGII III. Cap. 191.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Council of

His Majesty's Duchy of L.ancaster f r t: c Time being, on His Majesty's Behalf, in Manner aforesaid, to contract for, fell, and dispose of, such Part of the said Ground and Soil o' the said River ‘Thames belonging to His Majesty, in Rtghr of His said Duchy, as shall be necessary for the Building of the said B idge, as shall be It ted and adjusted between the said Company of Proprietors or their Commuter, or their Engineer or Surveyor, and the Surveyor of the 1-id Duchy for the Time being, and thereupon to grant, convey, assign, and afTore, such Bart of the Ground or Soil of the said River Thames, in the Name of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of the said Duchy, unto and to the Use of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, at and for such Price or Prices, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Chancellor and Council, and the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee; and that upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so settled and determined upon, as and for the Price or Consideration for such Ground or Sail of the said River, it shall and may be lawful to and fer the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the Time being, to grant and convey the fame, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, in like Manner as is hereinbefore dire died in respect of House?, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to His Majesty in Right of His faui Duchy, and thereupon the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, in like Manner as in resptdk of such last-mentioned Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the said Company of Proprietors and their Committee shall have full Power and Authority, and shall and they are hereby required to embank the said River at lucn Part so conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, any Tiling contained in the said Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Buckingham House, with the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in case Jhe shall survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty's Palace of So-, merfet House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners cf His Majesty's Trea-fwy to fell and aifpoje of Fly House in Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with other Monies, in eroding and ejlabiilh-ing Publick Offices in Somerset House; and for embanking certain Parts of the Rivtr Thames lying within the Bounds of the Manor of The Savoy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, or in any other Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required, within Six Months after receiving an Order or Warrant under the King’s Sign Manual, or an Order made by the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy oiLancaJlsr for the Time being (Service of which Orders or Warrant at the House or Office of the Chief Clerk to the said Company for the Time being, shall be deem, ed good-Service), to commence the Embankment or other Improvement of that Part of the said River Thames which shall lie to the East of the said Bridge, as far as the present Embankment at Somerset House, and to procetd with all pollibic Expedition with such Embankment or other Improvements until the lame shall be completed; which said Embankment, ii such shall be made, shall be of the Height of Three Feet at the least

above

49° GEORG If II r. Cap. iqT.

above High Water-mark, and shall extend to the Distance of Thirty Feet into the said River Thames. accorui g to the Pioviftons in the said Act pafifed in the Fifteenth Ye.tr of the Reign of H s present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Buckingham House with the Appurtenances upon the Qvetn, in case Jheshall survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty's Palace of Somerset House; for enabling the Loras Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to sell and dispose of Eiv H >uf. in Iiolborn, and for applying the Money to arise ly Sale thereof, together with ofher Monies, in erelting and establishing Public Offices in Somrrlet H.ufr; and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames lying within the Bour.ds if the Manor (/The Savoy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned

LXXXVI. And, in order to removq ail Doubts as to the Mode in which Compensation shall be made to the Tenants of His Majesty, in Right of his Duchy of Laniajler, be it further enacted, That for and notwithstanding any Lease or Leafts, or Agreement or Agreements for a Lease, or any Conditions, Provisoes, Covenants or Agreements contained in any such Lease or Leates, Agreement or Agreements, Compenfacion shall be made to such Tenaars, by the said Company of Proprietors, for the Preraifes held by them of His Majesty, in Right of His said Duchy, in like Manner as is herein-bt foTe directd in respect of other Persons interestsd in any Houses, Buildings, or other Hereditaments required to be purchased, taken or uled for the Purposes of this Act.

' ' ' . I i.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, prejudice, derogate, or in any Manner atfeft the Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchtlts, Jurisdietii.ns or Authorities of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right ot His Duchy of Lancaster or otherwise howsoever, in respect of any Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Hereditaments or Grounds of or belonging to His Majesty in Right of His said Duchy, other than and except in the Embankment of the said River, and in the Roads to be made for facilitating the Accefsor Accedes to the said Bridge or Bridges, in Manner heretn-btlore specially provided for.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the nearest Part of the East Side of the said Bride, or of the Road or Way to be used as an Approach or Accel's thereto from the Strand, shall not be wichin a Distance nearer than Sixty Feet to the outside Walls of the Houses or Buildings forming the Weft-fide of Somerset House, or the Buildings and Premises thereunto belonging, the said Distar.ce of Sixty Feet to be measured from the outside Weft Walls of the said Houses or Buildings.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, with the Advice of the Chancellor and Council of His said Royal Highness, to sell and convey to the said Company of Proprietors, under the Great Seal of His said Royal Highness, such and so much only of the Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, as shall be necessary to be made use of by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of this Act; and the Purchase Money to be paid for the same by the said Company of Proprietors shall be paid into th H inds of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy [Lee. S91 Per.] 44 K q£

CompensatTon to TcnrI't of the Duchy.

;!) oT

*. n n.a'i ': : r/f

r a si it

Forproreithijj the Rights of Hisltlijesty in respetit of the Duchy of Lancaster.

Bridge and Avenue shall he at Sixty Feet distance from Somer-ftt House Buildings

To enable the Piince of Wales to fell Lands, Sec.

*994 49° GEORGII III. Cap.fgi.

of Cornwall, before the Ealing of any such Conv. yance: Provided never-theleR, that the fame Purchasi* Monty shall be laid out and inverted by he said Receiver General in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced BaAnnuities, in the Name of the D kv of Corn* wall, and that the Annuities so to b pU'rch'afieit fba 1 not be t a ste red or transferable except for the Purpose of the Redemption ot th- Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuagi s, Lands, Tenements or a y other Revenues of and belonging to and Parcel of the Lid Duth> o* Cornwall, and in the Manner a? directed by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An All- for making perpttu I, Jubj tl to Redemption and Purchasein the Manner thtre n dirt Red, the Jev.eral Sums, of Money now charged in Great Britain as a hand Tax for one Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousai.d seven hundred and ninety-eight: Provided a!so, that the Dividends to be paid from lime to lime upon the Annuities so to be purchased, shall be paid and applied in Manner as directed by the said recited Act.

Com"ah Vfhe And whereas in the making and constructing of the Road from the Proprietor! to South Foot of the said intended Bridge, a small Triangular Slip or Piece make an Ex- of Lanc] wiil intervene between the said Bridge Road and the Estate of uin L»m!»11 His Royal Highness the Prince ‘ of Wales, as Duke of Cornwall, called Ro^Hi t Pence's Meadows, which would prevent a general Communication between n-°ft*hcpfince the Add Bridge Road and the said Estate called Prince's Meadows, so «t Wales. as to benefit or improve the said Elfate, and His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales having confirmed and agreed to give up, assign, transfer,

and fttoverto the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors all the 1, and which shall be required out of the said Ertate, for the making and constructing of the intended Road leading So Stamford Street aforesaid, without receiving any Compensation or Payment for the Value of the fame* in Consideration that the said Company ot Proprietors shall purchase the said Triangular Slip br Piece of L ind herein-before mentioned, which will so intervene - between the said first-mentioned Road and the Lid Estate called Prince's Meadows, and assign, transfer, and fee over the fame without any Compensation or Payment for the Value thereof, unto His Roy. 1 Highness the Prince of Wales, His Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall-, be it therefore further enacted, That the said Company of Piop ietois shall and may, alid thty are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase the said Triangular Slip or P.ece of Land hereinbefore mentioned, being of the Length of Nine hundred and sixty-four Feet or thereabouts, on the Wtfl Side thereof, and of the Breadth of One hundred and Sixty Feet or thereabouts, at the North End thereof, and to assign, transfer, and fee over the fame, and every Part thereof, unto His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Heirs and Successors Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain Part and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall; and His said Royal Highness shall and may, and He is. hereby authorized and empowered, in Consideration of Rich Assignment and Transfer from the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, to assign, transfer, and let over to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, all such Land and Ground, Part of the Estate called Prince’s Meadows aforesaid, as may he required for the making and constructing all or any of the said Roads, and which shall be mentioned and contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and such mutual Assignment and Transfer shall fully and absolutely vert the Lrnds so assigned, transferred, and set oyer, in the Parties to whom the same shall be respectively aflittned,

5 transferred,

3995

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

transferred, and fee over by vir ue hereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Pe son To compel or Pafons, B d. irB dies Corporate or Collegiate, shall be ippl.td to pu^aieUw by or on Beh If of the f.iid Committee, to treat for, f II, dispose of, or convey for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Parc or Putts of any Hcufeot Building in the actual Occupation or One Person, or of several Pa:t.

Perl'ns jointly, and shall, by Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Compary, within Thir y Days next after futh A( plication, signify hi-, her, or their Inclination or Dcliie to treat Lr, fell, difp> fe of, and convey the Whole of such H mfe or Building, some Par: whereof shall be deuned necessary to ue purchased h r the Purpose of this Act; and if it shall happen that th? Hid Committee shall not think proper, or be w iling to pnrthafe the Whole of such Building or Parcel of Lind, then and in every such Case, nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conltrmd to extend, to compel the respective Person or Persons in erected therein, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey Part only or leis than the Whole of L.ch House or Building, with the Olfices, Curtilages, Yards, and Pairages adjoining and belonging thereto.

XC. 1L And be it further enacted, That each and every Verdict so given shall be transmitted to and be kept by the respective Clerks of the copies t» be Peace, or other Person or Persons having the Cuttocly of the Records of Evidence, the Quarter Sessions of the f.iid Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, where such Verdict shall have been given, and shall be deposited wiih, and be deemed to be Records of such Quarter Sessions respectively, to all Intents and Purposes; and the fame or true Copies thciaof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Iufpcftion the Sum of One Shilling, or to have Copies thereof, paying fur every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and lo in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money Purchase

agreed or awarded to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Col- ^mpenf"-

legiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Feoffee in Trull, Executors, Administra- tionsdueto tors, Husbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, or Persons acting as Guardians, Committees or other Trustees for or on Behalf of nors,&c robe any Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trulls, or to J?^e°yf*s0 the any Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements, or oilier Hereditaments are limited in drift or oihcr Settlement, or to any Person under any ether Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase of or the Damages to be done to any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, Application

be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to " his Account ex parte " The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge," to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and wiih the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Pciition to be preferred in a iummary Way, by the Person or j Person*

3996

Under ;o«l. ant! above sol.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 19s.

Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, in the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or affebting other Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Ul'es, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, (or, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, and used as aforesaid, Rood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect j, and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds ■per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be. Ibid.

for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to thi Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, so directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, Trutlee or Trustees, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons ailing as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their re-ipeflive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising

therefrom.

3997

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fa far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XCV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money to agreed or awarded to be psiJ as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Ul'e of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments in Tefpett whereef the same shall be paid, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Com-jnietteof the Paid Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardian', Committee or Committees, Trufbe or Trustees, or other Person or Persons afling as such, to and for the Use and Benefic of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or f Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Committee shall direct the same to be paid, shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be agreed to be paid or shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditamems to be purchased, taken, cr used by virtue of this Act, (except as to any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Duchy of Lancafttr as aforesaid), shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee, or any Five or more of them; or in case the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties inte-rtfted in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, [describing them}> subject to the Order, Conttoul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc ihereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the fama to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Tide or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is or are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what or for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

44 L

Application where the Money it left than, 101-

In case of not making out Titles;

or If Persons cannot be fount), Purchase Money to bepaut irutt the Bank i subject to the Oraer of the Court of Chancery.

\}Lot, (3 Per.'}

3998 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

w>,c cr anV XCVII. Provided al ays, and be it further enacted, That where ?rifci"d.X anV Qudtian shall artfe touching the Title 'f any Person or Persons tue in!t to to any Money to be paid into the Hank of England, in the Name and with pa d^tfae Per* the Piivity of the Accountant General of the Hign Court of Chancery, in lou whoUuH. pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, and WEoiwt'the other Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or I terefl, in any Lands, Time of Pur- Tenements, and other Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance decmetf'emU* thereof, or 10 any Bank Annuities co be purchase i with any such Money, tied'"unkft,'" or the Dividends or Intel eft of any ft. ch Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Monies shall have been lo paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Inicrelt of the Bank Annuities, to be pur- . •chafed wiih such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to (ome Estate or Into, rest therein.

The com XCVIII. P;ovided always, and be it further enacted, That where by tea-R-niiinaWc f°n any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, Expences t> entitled to any Lauds, Tenements, or other Hereditaments to be purchased be paid by the under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall ompany.^ r(-qUjrcj [0 be into the said Courr, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, the said Court shall order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, the lame being first taxed by a Mailer of the said Court.

Tenants at XCIX. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Leflce p1 treHb.n^at'" ^or a Year or f om Year to Year (except as to the Lands, Houses, or TitrreMouths other Hereditaments held under His Majesty in Right of His Duchy of biot.ee. Lanmsler, which are herein specially provided for), shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoinc to take Pufleflion of the fame, upon having Three Calendar Months Notice to quit fi.ch Poffi ffion, from the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them to take such Possession; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Three Cal ndar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, or (o soon after as he, (lie, or they, shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Pof-kffion thereof (such Authority being signified under the Hands of the Committee

3999

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

mittee of the said Company of Proprietors or any Five or more of them); and in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid (all reasonable Satisfaction being fiift made or tendered), it shall he lawful for the Committee of the said Company, or any Five or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County in which the Premises shall be situate, to deliver Pofft (Tion of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sher.ff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Colts as shall accrue from the ilfuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

C. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Three Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal Money, by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Company of Proprietors, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that ihey will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of 1 hree Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then and in such Case, at the End of the said Three Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, adign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trull for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, then and in such Case all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises to be ascertaitjed as directed by thisA£t, then and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Premises so ascertained as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee cr Moirgagees shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as afoiefatd into the Bank of Eng/ancf, at the End of Three Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Kcccipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before dirr&ed in Casts of other Payments iqto the Bank; and thereupon all the Eftn'e, Right, Title, Inter.ft, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand t f the said Mnngagee, and of alland every Person and Persons in Trult for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages.to aii Intents anJ purposses whatsoever.

Mortpreet tv convey.

Cl. And

4000

'Empowering the Coin pan/ to ere t Oates and Turn-pikes on the Bridge aiul lUuus.

?ollt to be t«k=n on the

iBrulge-

49‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietor! or their Committee shall and may erect’and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, and across the said intended Bridge, and all'o one or more Gats or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, and across any or either of the said intended Roads leading from the Surrey Side of the said Bridge to the Onelifk aforesaid, or to Oakley Street aforesaid, or to Stamford Street aforesaid, or to the Westminster Road aforesaid, and also may erect and set up, and cause to beeretted and set up, a Side Gate or Turnpike, or so many Side Gates er Turnpikes, as they shall think proper, across or on the Side or Sidts of any Fait of the said intended Road or Roads where any Highway shall or may join or meet the fame, or at the End or Opening of any other Lane or H'ghway which doth or may open into or upo» any Common or Waite Land adjoining the said intended Road or Reads, together with Toll Houses and proper and necessary Buildings, Conveniences, and Fences near to each Gate or Turnpike, whether across the said intended Bridge or the said intended Road or Roads, or on the Side thereof, or across such other Lane or Highway, or at the Side thereof, or in or upon any Common or Wade Ground adjoining thereto, save and except across or on the Side or Sides of the Road leading from Mount Row through Marsh Street Lambeth, and through Higlers Lane into the Black Friars Bridge Road, near the Magdalen Hospital, and the Road from Marsh Street aforesaid, into the said Black Friars Bridge Road, opposite to Charlotte Street, in the said Parish of Chriji Church, and except as is herein-after excepted; and that the respective Tolls following be demanded and taken of and from all and every or any Person or Persons using the said Bridge as a Footway, and of and from all and every or any Person or Per. Tons passing with and attending any Cattle or Carriage, by such Periori or Persons as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall from Time to Time appoint to receive the same, at each of the said Turnpikes, and also for every or any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other such Carriage which shall pass laden or unladen, not having previously paid through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, and for every or any Coach, Chafe, or other like Carriage, travelling lor Hire which shall pals, b-fore any Horle or Hotfes, Beall or Bealls, Cattle or Carriages, shall be permitted to pass through the fame-, (that is to say),

For each and every Time of passing over the said Bridge:

For every such Coach, Beilin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise.Cal.ifh, 3nd Pleasure Carriage; and for every Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, having Four or Three Wheels, and drawn by Six Horses or other Bealls of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence:

For any of the like Carriages or Vehicles drawn by Four Horses or other Bealls of Draughr, a Sum nut exceeding One Shilling:

For any of the like Carriages or Vehicles, drawn by less than Four Horses or other Bealls of Draught, and more than One Horse or other Beall of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence:

For every Chaise, Chair, or other Vehicle, drawn by oneLIoife or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Carr, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage laden with Hay or Straw, having Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, being horizontal on the Surface of the Tire, and rolling an even Surface, drawn by Six or more

8 Horle*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 19

Horses or other Beads' of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One ShiU ling:

For ivery Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or such other Four-wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by Four and not more than Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Eight-pence

For every such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or other Four-wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by Two or Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Carter other Four-wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Three-pence:

For every Cart, Car or other Two-wheeled Carriage drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Twopence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Foot Passenger, a Sum not exceeding One Penny:

For every Diove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, a Sum not rx:eeding Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hog*, Sheep or Lambs, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for passing along any Part of the said intended Road or Roads so as to pass through any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpike?, or Side Gates, the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years next ensuing the passing of thisActj that is to say.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise, Calalh and Pleasure Carriage, and for every Hcarfe, Litter or other such Carriage, having Four or Three Wheels and drawn by Six Horses or other Bealls of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling:

For any i f the like Carriages or Vehicles drawn by Four Horses or other Beall of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Eight-pence;

For any of the like Carriages or Vehicles drawn by less than Four Horses or other Bealls of Draught, and more than One Horse or other Beall of Draughr, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence:

For every Chaise, Chair or other Vehicle drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draughr, a Sura not exceeding Two-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or such other Four-wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, laden with Hay or Straw, having Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, being horizontal on the Surface of the Tire and rolling an even Surface, and drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Eight-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or such other Four-wheeled Carriage a? hft aforesaid, drawn by Four and not moTe than Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or other Four-wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by T tvo or Three Horses or other Beads ol Draught, a Sum not-exceeding Two-pence;

[E«r. Ss* Per.] 44 M

4001

Tolls to bs raktn on the RjadS’

For

4002

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191-

Tot every such Waggor, Wain, Dray, Car, CaU or other Four-wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Cart, Car or other Two-wheeled Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Penny;

For every Higkr’s or Baker’s Cart drawn by One Horse or Bead, not laden with Hay, or with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, or rolling a Surface not horizontal, a Sum not exceeding One Penny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, a Sum not exceeding Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Toils iiowto CII. Provided nevertheless, That if any Horse, Carriage, Waggon or in ctrta7nlned other Vehicle so passing through a Turnpike Gate on any of the said Roads, Cases. and paying the Tolls hereby imposed for the fame, shall afterwards cross

or pals upon the said Bridge, the Person or Persons with such Carriage, Horle, Waggon, or other Vehicle, upon depositing the Ticket that he, she, or they shall have received at such Turnpike Gate (which Ticket the Keeper of such Turnpike Gate is hereby required to give upon the Payment of such Rates cr Tolls respectively) wirh the G.itr Keeper of the said Bridge, shall be liable to pay only the Difference between the Toll hereby auchoiized to be recrived and taken for parting along any o1 either of the said Roads only and through a Turnpike Gate, and the Toll hereby author Zed tube received and taken for cioffing or parting t he fend Brn ge, which feid respective Sums of Money may and shall be demanded and taken as Toll.

T\> enforce Pav ment of Toll*.

CIU. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gatherer or Gatherers of the said Tolls or any of them, to flop and prevent the Passage of any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, or of the Horse, Bead, Cattle, Carriage or other Thing for or in respect whereof the said Tolls ought to be paid, or it shall ai d may be lawful to and for the said Gatherer or Gatherers to seize and detain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, or such Horse, Bead, Cattle, Carriage or other Thing; and in cale the said Tolls shall not be fully paid and satisfied, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges of making, detaining, and keeping such Distress, within the Space of Fourteen Days, the said Gatherer or Gatherers shall and may sell the same, icndering the Overplus (if any) after deducing such Costs and Charges of making, detaining, keeping, and felling such Didrefs, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

Dispute* re. CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about speaing T 11« the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Costs and Charges of didraining, keep-tobfiatPed in" or ft'llin8 any Distress> ic shall and may be lawful to and for the Colby a justic*. le&or O’- Person so didraining, to detain the Didrefs, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or the Charges of

dtdraining,

4003

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

didraining, keeping, and felling the Didrcfs (as the Case may be) Sha'l be ascertained by feme Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein futh Dispute shall arile, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matters upon the Oath or Oaths of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and Shall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Didrcfs and Sale, and all other reasonable Cods j all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Didrefs, or the Overplus after the Sale thertof, or of any Part thereof.

CV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Liti-gation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said lolls or any of give Evidence, them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Toils.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Rates may be Shall have lull Power from Time to Time, at any General or Special Ge- altered, neral ASTembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Tolls, buc no Reduction of any such Tolls shall be made or take place, unless a Majority of the Proprietors present at such General or Special General ASTembly as herein-before directed Shall assent thereto * and it Shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors in like Manner agam to r.iife the said Tolls to such Sum or Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it Shall be deemed necessary foi the IntercSt of the said Undertaking.

CVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Horses, Cattle or Exemptions. Carriages which shall on the same Day pass through any Side Bar or Gate to be e reded by the said Company of Proprietors on the Side or Sides of any of the Lid Roads authorized to be made by this Act, across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the fame, and through the next Turnpike Gate or Bar on any or either of the said Roads, shall on producing a T lekee in like Manner, be exempt from the other of the fame laSt-mentioned Gates or Bars from so much Toll hereby granted, as Shall have been resptdivtly paid for such Horses, Carriages, or Cattle, at the other of the said Side Gates or Bars which they shall have so previously paSTed through: Provided also, that no Toll hereby granted, Shall be taken in rcl'ped of any Hcrfe, BeaSt, Cattle or Carriage, which shall only cross any or either of the said Roads hereby authorized to be made or pass less than One hundred Yards thereon.

CVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That no Toll General Ex-whatsoever Shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, BeaSt, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, of Bridge.* fetching or guarding Mails of Letters and ExprelTes under the Authority ol His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprtfTes, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame-, or for any Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriages

attending

4004

■Carriages cor--»ry ng Military Stoics 1-ot to be lub. jrft 11 I'enal. ties fur O-vti we gilt.

Toil Gither-trito |iut up Names.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

attending them with their Arms and Baggage, or returning after having been so employed; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carnage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the f<me» which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commi (Tartar or other Public Scpres of or belonging to His. M ijrfty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for any Horle, Bead, Cattle, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants Cent by legal Passes; or for any Volunteers upon their Ma ch or upon Duty, or in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, turnished by or for or belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for aiyd on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any free Burgess of Lancaster, he or they producing a Certificate of such Freedom; or for any Coach, Berlin, Eandau, Chariot, Ca!a(h, Chair, or other Carriage, or Passenger on Horse-back, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of a Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of' Middlesex and Surrey, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or after such Election (had begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take- the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted from the whole or any Part of the several Tolls hereby authorised to be taken, not being, entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons for every such Offence shall f. rftit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings, to be lecoveted and applied as other Fcnaliies are by this Aftxiiitfted to be recoveied and applied.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing. to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage provided for the Service of His. Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other public Stores of or belonging to His Mrqftty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be fuoj ft to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, be (topped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carnage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CX. And be it further enacted, That every Gate Keeper. Toll Gatherer or Collector or Receiver of the Tolls on the said intended B idge or any of the said intended Roads, shall and he and they is and are hereby requited to place his Christian and Surname painted on a Board in white Letters on a Biack Ground in fair legible Characters, of such Size as the Com* m ttee of the said Company of Proprietors or any Five or more of them shall direct, in the Front of the Toll House where he or they shall be Rationed to collect the said Tolls, immediately upon his coming on Duty, and shall continue the fame so placed during the whole Time ne 8 shall

4005

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid in the Manner and during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or le's loll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do determined by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or shall refuse to permit or fuller or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the fame upon having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall give afalle Name or Names upon such Demand, then and in every such Case every such Collector or Receiver shall forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings for every such Offence; and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall go 01 pass with, or ride or drive any Horse or Beast, or ride in or drive any Toll."8 Carriage through or over any Land, Ground, or Place, lying by the Side of or near to any Part of any or eiiher of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land or Ground, the fame not being a Highway, shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer any other Person or Persons to go or pass with any Horse, Cattle or Carriage through or over such Land, Ground or Place, in order and with Intent that thereby the Payment of any Tolls by this Act granted or any Parc thereof shall be avoided; or if any Person shall forge, counterfeit, alter, or shall deliver to or receive of any other Person or Persons any Note or Ticket with Intent to avoid the Payment of any or any Part of the said Tolls; or if any Person or Persons shall unload or cause to be unloaden any Goods or Merchant! zr, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horle or other Beast from any Car.iage, or having passed through any Turnpike shall afterwards add or put any Horse or other Beast to any Carriage, and draw therewith upon any Part of any of the said Roads so as to increase the Number of Horses or other Beads drawing the said Carriage, after the same shall have passed through such Turnpike with Intern to avoid, or shall by any such Means have avoided the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, then and in every such Case every such Person shall for every such Offence Forfeit and pav any Sum not exceeding Fi e Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, to be recovered in like Manner as any other Penalties or Forfeitures can cr may be recovered by virtue of this Act. One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein dncfted to be applied.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprie- Fencing tors shall at their own Costs (within Three Calendar Months after any of the R°1fis again# said Roads or any Part thereof shall have been made and constructed) divide and leparace, and keep constantly divided and separated, the said Road or Roads or any Part or Parts th reof respectively, as shall be deemed necessary by any Two or more Justices of the said County of Surrey, in case there shall be any Doubt or Dispute about the fame, by making or causing to be made sufficient Posts and Rails, Hedges,

Ditches, Trenches, Banks or other Fences, by the Side or Sides of the said Road from the adjoining Lands, Fields or Wastes, Commons or uncultivated Grounds, the same to be set out and made on the Lands or [Lee, & Per.] 44 N Grounds

4006

If C mpany «k> not.

Landholder! kpv, of C<--n \ ally’s Ilx1-pence.

4<J8 GEORGII III. Cap. igi.

Grounds which shall be purchased by, conveyed to, or vested in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid; and the said C ompany of Proprietors shall from Time to Time maintain and support the said Polls and K.<ils, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks or other Fences fd set up and made as aforesaid, and also at their own like Colls and Charges m ike, ertft and set up such and so many convenient Gates or Stiles in, ovei or through all the Hedges and Fences to be by them so made on the Sides of such Road or Roads as aforesaid, of such Dimensions and in such Manner as any Two or more Jollices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey shall deem necessary and direct, in case the'e shall be any Doubt or Dispute about the fame, for the Use of the Owners and Occup.ers of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments adjoining to such Road or Road* or any of them rcl’peclively; and it any Person or Periods shall pull down, or in anvways damige or displace any such Pod, Rati, Hcdg-, Bank or other Fence, or any Put thereof, or shall fill up or spoil any such Ditch or Trench, every Person lo offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, to he levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalties and Forfeitures can or may be levied or recovered by virtue of this Act; and in case the said Company of Proprietors, or their Agents or Servants, shall refttfe or nrglcdl to divide and frparate or to keep divided and separated the f.iid Road or Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof in M mner herein directed, or to make, erect and set up such Polls, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks or other Fences on the Sides of the said Roads or to make, erect and let up such Gates and Stiles in, over and through the Fences on the Sides. of the find Roads, for the Use and Convenience of the refoediive O vners or Occupiers of the Lind , Tenements or other Hereditaments adjoining or near co the Laid Reads or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner as afoiefai I, or ’o maintain and support such Polts, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Bmks or other Fences, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed for those Purposes by such Jo lltces, i after Notice shall be given by or on the Behalf of the O.vntis or Occupiers of any such Lands, Tenements or-other Hereditaments,' who may be aggrieved by any such Retulal or Neglect, then and in every f ich Ca'e it shall and may be lawful to and :1" for any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, who (halt find himself, hc-rfcl’, or themselves a grieved by such Rtfulal or Neglect, to make, creel and set up all such Polls, Kail-, Hedges, Bmks or other Fences, and Gates and Stiles in, througti or over the lame, as such Jollies shall have directed or appointed to be made, trtdled and set up by the Lid Company of Proprietors as aforesaid^ and to maintain, repair and support the said Polls, Ra! , Hedges, Banks or other Fences from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, and all the reaii-.n tble ColL and Charges thereof, to be settled and a.lowed by fjcb (jdices, shall be repaid to the r.spective Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Land-:, Tenements or other Heredir.iments, who shall have so erected and made, repaired or maintained such Works as afore-fzid, by the said Company of Proprietors, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the same shall have been lo settled and allowed, and an Account or Demand in Writing shall have been made thereof, and delivered 'o the Cle k for the Time being of the fai 1 Company cf Proprietors; and in D fault of Payment of the said Coils and Charges within the Time aforesaid, such Justices shall and they are hereby required,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

by. Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Seizure of the Tolls or any of them, or D:ftr< fs and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Pyoptictors which shall be found belonging to the said Company; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall have so incurrrd such Cells and Charges as ajorcl'aid, rendering to the said Company of Proprietors cr their Treasurer or Clrrk, the Overplus (if any) after deducing the r afinable Cha ges of m king such Distress and Seizure or Sa e, to be settled by such Justices, or 11 livail and ntay be lawful to and for such Owners or Occupiers ta recover such Costs and Charges from the said Company of Proprietors by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in any of His Ma-jessy’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, at any p ublic Meeting, if they shall think proper, to order and catife to be built and ert fled at any of the Turnpike Bars or Toll Gates er, sted or to be erected by virtue of this Act upon any Part of any of the said intended Roads, at inch Distance from such Turnpike Bars or Tull Gates as they shall chink, requisite and expedient, One or more Crane or Cranes, Machine or Engines*, with a suitable House or other Building thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons or Carriages conveying any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, and by Notice on a Board for that Porpole to be put up at every such Weighing Machine, to order all and every nr any such Carriage or Carriages which fluil pals loaded through any such Gaieoi Brr, or shall come within the Distance of Fifty Yards, from any Crane Machine or Engine, although the lame Carriage or Carriages shall not have pafYd through any Toll Gate or Turnpike Gate, to be w, ighed, together with the Loading thereof j and it shall and may be lawful to and ror the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, to order any P fm or Persons to receive and take, over and above the Tolls hereoy granted, the following Sums of Money, as additional Tolls:

For every Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred Weight, which any Waggon, Cirtor Cordage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any Weighing Engine ertfted or to be erected by virtue of this Act, over and above the Weights herein-after allowed to each of them respectively; (that is to lay) for the first and l'econd Hundred Weight of such Overweight-, the Sum of Two S o.lings and Sixp nee for each Hundred Weight:

For every such Hundred Weight cf inch Overweight above Two Hundred Weight, and not exceeding Five Hundred Weight, the Stun ol F.ve Shillings:

For evtry such Hundred Weight of such Overweight ahoy<- Five Hundred Weight, and not exceeding Ttn Hundred Weight, the Sum of 1 en Shillings:

For every such Hundred Weigh: of such Overweight above Ten Hundred Weight and not exceeding Fifteen Hunched Weight, the Sum of Twenty- Shillings:

For every such Hundred Weight of such Overweight above Fifteen Hundred Weight, the Sum of Forty Shillings:

4007

Weighing

Machine*.

T !ls for Overweight,

Which.

4W 49° GEORGII III. Cap. igu

Which f.iid additional Tolls or Dues hereby granted and made payable, shall and may be levied and recovered in any of the Cases aforesaid, upon any Person or Persons liable thereto, or upon his, her or their Goods or Chattels, who shall, after such Demand made thereof, refuseor neglect to pay the fame in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty is by, this Act directed to be levied and recovered; anti the Money arifihgfrom such addi-ditional Toll and Duty shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that no Waggon with Wheels of Six Inches i Breadth or mote, apd rolling an even Surface, and together with us L ).>d njr, not exceeding the Weight of Six Tons; nor any Cut with Wheels of Six Inches in Breadth or more, and rolling an even Surface, and with ifS Loading not exceeding the Weight of Two Ton's; nor any W ggOii'wirh Wheels less than Six Inches in Breadth, and wi h its Loading hot ex. eeding'the Weight of Four Tons; nor any Catt with Wheels less than S x I.cites in Breadth, and with its Loading not exceeding the Weight of Ore Ton, shall be liable to pay any of the said last-mentioned Tolis, but th t the same shall be payable by such Waggons and Carts respectively o ly f6r any Weight over and above the said Weight lb allowed to each of them respectively.

Engine Keep. CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of every such Toll Waggoni'f*1 Gate or Bar where any Weighing Engine shall be erected, or any other Sic. under a Person. appointed or to be appointed by the said Company of Pioprierors Penalty. or their Committee, to the Care of any Crane, Machine or Engine, shall and he is hereby required to weigh all Waggons arid Gaits, liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act, which shall pass or shall come upon any Part of any or either of the said Roads within the Distance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine or Engine, without pairing through any such Turnpike Gates or Toll Gates or Toll Bars respectively, and which he shall have reason to believe are of a greater Weight than are allowed to pass without paying additional Tolls; and if any Gatekeepe' or Person so appointed shall permit any such Waggon or Cart to p fs through any such Toll Gate with greater Weight than is allowed as aforesaid, without weighing the fame, and receiving such additional Tolls, every such Gatekeeper or Person so appointed shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding F.ve Pounds; or if any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon or Cart, which shall pass loaded through any such Gates or Bars respectively, or shall come upon any Part of any or either of the said intended Roads, within the Distance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine or Engine, shall refuse to fuller his Waggon or Cart to be weighed, or shall refuse to drive his Carriage upon the Engine, upon being required so to do by the Collector or Receiver of such additional Tolls, although such Waggon or Cart shall have passed beyond the Distance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine or Engine as aforesaid, or shall not drive his Cait upon the Lid Weighing Engine for the Purpose of being weighed, being required so to do, every such Driver bring the Owner of every such Waggon or Cart, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and every such Driver of every such Waggon or Carr, not being the Owner, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties and Forfeitures ate by this Act directed to be recovered.

Connivance vf v- And, in order to deleft the said Collector or Receiver in any frau-Eiuine duknt Connivance or Neglect of Duty in the Matters aforesaid, be it *<5f*1* A enacted.

4009

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Member of the Comm ute or Auditor of Accounts of the lai.i Cim any ol Proprietors for the Time being, Engineer, Clerk, Ttva'surer or Surveyor of the said C mpany, if any of them shall suspect any such Connivance or Neghfl as aforesaid, 10 cause any Carriage liable to be weighed by virtue of th s Act which shall have passed through any Toll Gate, or shall come upon any or either of the said Roads within the Diltance of Fifty Yards from the Place where such Crane, Machine or Engine shall be erected, and shall not have passed or be above One hundred Yards beyond or from such Toll Gate or Weighing Engine, to return to such Weighing Engine, and be there weighed, with the Loading thereof, in the Presence of such Member of the Committee, Engineer, Clerk, Treasurer or Surveyor, upon lequir-ing the Driver thereof to drive such Carriage back to such Weighing Engine, and upon paying or tendering to him the Sum of One Shilling for so doing (which Sum of One Shilling shall be returned to the Person so requiring the same to be weighed, if upon weighing such Carriage and Loading thereof the same shall be found above the Weight hereby allowed); and the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are ■hereby required to inclose from the Lands adjoining to the fnd Roads or any of them, sufficient Ground for the Purpose of erecting such Cranes, Machines or Engines, and House-s or other Buildings and Convenience* thereto, and for the Purpose of making convenient Places for turning such Carriages upon every such Road where any such Weighing Engine shall be erected on such Side thereof, if the Ground will admit of the fame; and if the Driver of any such Carriage being so required to return with his Carriage to any such Weighing Engine shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall forfeit and pay any bum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to or for any Peace Officer or other Person or Persons, being then present, upon such Neglect or Refusal to drive and take such Carriage back to any such Weighing Engine, in order that the fame may be weighed as aforesaid.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of every such Toll Gate or Bar where any such Crane, Machine or Weighing Engine, ihallbe crested, or any other Person appointed by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, to the Care of such Crane, Machine or Engine, shall be and be is hereby made subjeef and liable to the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Collectors and Receivers of the Tollsat the other Turnpike Gates or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act on the said Bridge, or any of the said Roads, are in and by this Act made subject and liable to.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, or any Five or me re of them, and they are hereby authorized to grant their Leave and Licence to any Water Company, as they shall judge proper, to lay and convey any Waur Pipes or Mains upon, over and across the said Bridge, so that the Fme or any Part thereof be not injured or weakened thereby, which shall be ascertained and certified at a Meeting of the Commissioners for that Purpose by any Five or more of them by Writing under their Hands, for a Compensation either in i gross Sum or bvyearly Rents secured upon the Profits arising from the Waterworks of such Company, to be therefore paid by the said Water Company to the said Company of Proprietors, which said Sum or yearly Rent shall be applied and disposed of as the | Loc. y Per.'} 44 0 Rates

CnlleAors at

Weighing Machines to be trader the fame Regulations *6 other Collcuftois*

Authorizing the Company to grant Leave to any Water Companies to lay Pipes upon or ever the Bridge.

4°io‘

Tower to take Gravel, &v. out ot M'aSts, &e.

Bridge and Roads not to he liable to Rates.

A3 not to

aff ct the Towers of Trustees of eertaui Turn. n;ke Roads.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. igu

Rates and Tolls hereby authorized and directed to be taken on the said Bridge are herein after directed to be applied and disposed of.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, Thar it Hi II and may be iawf i! for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Company, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for and dig, gather and take away any Gravel, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other such Materials for making or repairing any or either of the said Roads, or for the Purposes of this Act, in or out of any River or Brook, or out of any Moor, Waste or Common Grounds in any Parish or Place, or in any adjoining Parish or Place, in which any Part of any or either of the said Roads doth or shall he, without paying any Thing for such Materials, such River or Brook, Moor, Waste or Common Grounds being situate in the County in which the said Roads so to be made or repaired doth or shall lie, such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled all Holes or Pits, or otherwise causing the same to be raded or fenced off where or from whence any such Materials shall be dug, taken or carried away, in such Manner as that the same shall not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers whatsoever, and paying for the Damages occasioned by going over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lands or Roads, for or with such Materials as are herein mentioned; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages so occasioned, the Justices of the Peace, or the major Parc of them assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County in which such Lands or Grounds shall be situate, or at the Second General Quarter Sessions at thefi.rtheft, shall and may adjudge and determine the fame, which Determination shall be final.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge and Roads, or any of them, shall not be charged or chargeable with any Parochial Rates or Afteffmenrs whatsoever, which are, shall or may be charged, assessed or imposed upon any Parish, Place or District, in which the said Bridge or Roads, or any of them, or any Part thereof, shall or may lie or be situate for or in respect of the Tolls herein authorized to be taken and received upon them respectively, or for or on any other Account whatsoever.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give to or invert the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, with any R ghr. Power, or Authority, which may at all interfere with the Rights, Towers, Authorities, or Provisions, heretofore granted determined by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Panfhts cf Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; and by an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers cf an Ail of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Parjhes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Soiit wark, Bermondsey and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads-, and also of an Act passed in the Forty-frcond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-• fcnl

4oti

49’GE/ORGII HI. Cap. 191.

pent Majiftf King; George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads l acting from the Stones End in Blackman Streec in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of SurTex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and that where any Road or Avenue hereby directed r atnho'ized to be made shall cross or inier'ecl: any of the Roads already made or maintained by the Trustees fur putting in Execution the said Acts of Parliament of the Twenty-sixth and Forty-seventh Years of the Reign of H;s present Majesty, or either of them, the Part or Parts of the Road or Roads which shall be so eroded or interfered shall remain under and subject to the Authority, Powers, and Jurisdiction of the Trustees for putting trie said Acts into Execution, and shall be repaired by them, and (halt noc be considered as a Part of the Roads or Avenues hereby dfrcded or authorized to be made, except for the Purpose of enabling the Public to pass or cross the fame •, nor shall the said Company be authorized to fee up any Side Gate or Turnpike upon or across any Part of the said Roads already made which shall be so eroded or interltded.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- G.avt!, &«, pany of Proprietor?, their Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall not be authorized, ptrmirted or suffered, nor shall any Thing herein contained authorize, permit, or suffer, or be construed or taken to authorize, permit or luffrr the said Company, their Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, toTearch for and dig, gather and take away any Gravel, Heath, Sand, Stones, or such other Materials for making or repaiting any.or either of the said Roads, or for the Purposes of this Act, in or out of any River or Brock, or out of any Moor, Waite or Common Grounds, save and except for the sole Purpose of making or rep iring such Part of the said Roads as shall be situate in the County in which such River or Brook, Moor, Wade, or Common Grounds shall lie, nor in, from, or out of any private Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, without the Consent of the Owner and Occupier for the Time being of such respective Grounds for that Purpose itrfl had and obtained; any Law, Scatute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful for the said For remetfeg Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed by the said Company of Proprii tors or their Committee, and such Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint f oin Time to Time, to remove all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Encroachments on the said Bridge, or on or by the Side or Sides or any Fart of the said Roads, by any Erections whatsoever within Fifty Feet of the Centre of any of the said Roads, other than Turnpike Houses, Gate. , or Bars hereafter to be erected, built, or let up, by or by Older of the Trustres appointed or to be appointed for putting into Execution certain Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth and Forty-f-venth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads in the several Parishts of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christchurch, in, the County . f Surrey, commonly called The Surrey New Roads, or o:her than Buildings erdzd and built at the passing of this Act, or other than any open Palisade ia From of the Houses on°the

Side

401 2

as*

Penalty o a 11’ rowing RuWbifli on the Rvatls.

4c° GGEORGII III. Cap. l^i.

Side of any or either of the said Road , not exceeding Seven Feet in Height, o: by Timber, Stone or Carriages, or by any Water Trough, Tubs or ether Things for watering Horl'es or Cattle, or for any other Purpose, or by S wpirs. Hovels, Ashes, Rubbish, Stone or otherwise, or by laying or pia ing Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, or other Matters or Things in Front or any of the said Houses within Fifty Feet of the Centre of any of the said Roads, and also co abate and remove all Nuisances within Five Yard., of the said Bridge, or of any of the said Roads, and to turn any Waterrouries, Sinks cr Drains running along, into or out of any of the said Roarts to the Pr<judice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining or near thereto, and make the same as deep and large as they Hull think nccdTary.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owners or Proprietors cf all Tiees, Branches or Buihes (Timber Trees excepted) growing on any of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thtreto, or the Person or Persons subject and liable thereto, shall, upon Notice- to be given to them by the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint from Time to Time, cue down, top or lop, at proper Seasons of the Year, any such Trees, Branches or Buihes (Timber Tiees excepted) and cut and reduce all such Hedges to the Height of Four Feet; and if any such Person or Persons shall neglect-or ret Life so to do fur the Space of Seven Days after the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the First Day of March One thousand tight hundred and ten, make, fir.k or dig, or cause to be made, sunk or dug any new Suks or Drains, or shall suffer or permit such Sinks or Drains to tun into any of the said Roads, or shall throw, cart or lay any Duff, Dirt, Ashes, Rubbish, Dung or other Filth or Annoyance in or upon any of the said Roads, or into the Drains and Watercourses belonging thereto, every such Person and Persons, being convidftd thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceecing Potty Shillings for every such Offence, over and above the Charges of flopping up such new-m.de Sinks or Drains, and removing such Pilch or Annoyance, which the fair! Surveyor and Surveyors is and are hereby authorized to flop up and remove; and all the said Forfeitures, as well as the Chargisof flopping up and removing such Annoyances, which Charges any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Annoyances shall be found is and are hereby authorized to fcitle and afcettai'.i, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or jul'ices of the Peace, who is and are hereby authorized and required to grant the fame, directed to the Constable or Peace Officer for the same Parish where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by D lire's and Sale of the Goads and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus upon Demand (if any), after all Charges paid, to the Person r r Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall be distrained and fold, and in Default of such Distrcfs, or Non-payment of the said Penalty, the Offender of Cffendtis shall be committed to the Common Gaol by any such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Beal ot Hands and Seals, there xo remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time

4013

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months: Provided nevertheless, that all and every Person and Persons so committed, shall, upon Payment of such Forfeitures and all Charges, be immediately released from his, her, or their Confinement.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall draw or cause to be drawn, upon any Part of any of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to trail upon any Part of any or either of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

CXXVI. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, and other Persons under this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and to convey him, her, or them before any one or more of the Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing, and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby respectively empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, and they are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, to cause such and so many Lamp Irons and Lamp Polls to be put up or affixed in, upon, or along the Sides of the said Bridge, and in, upon, or along the Sides of the said Roads, and within Twenty Feet of any Part or Parts of any of the said Road', or upon or against any Wall or Palisade, or any Hou'e, Messuage, or Tenement homing any of the said Roads as they shall think proper, and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed cr put upon such Lamp Irons and Lamp Polls as they shall think necessary for lighting the said Bridge, and every or any Parc thereof, and the said Roads and every or any Part thereof: Provided always nevertheless, that the said Lamps so to beereded and placed on the said Bridge, shall be erected and placed in such Manner as to denote the Centre ot each Arch from each Pier of the said Bridge.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, thfow down, deface or damage any of the Mile Stones or Measuring Stones or Ports, or any of the Watch Houses, Boxes, Benches or other Requisites, to be provided by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall fee such Offence committed to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to affill in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this [Loc. & Per.J 44 P Ad,

Against drawing Timber.

For securh.g

transient

Oilenders.

FixingLatnps,

See,

Penalty on Persons damaging Mile Stones, Watch Hemes, etc.

4014

Penalty for wilfully damaging Lamps.

49" GJb.ORG 11 III. Cap. 191.

Act, without any other Warrant, to eause him, her, or them to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the County where such Offence shall be committed, and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced, to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Patty or Parties accused shall be convictedof all or any of the Offences aforesaid, either by his, her, or their Conftflion, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence to the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee for the Time being, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall also make Satisfaction to the said Company or their Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to leceive the fame, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon Conviction pay such Forfeiture and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commir, him, her, or them to the nearest Bridewell or House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Thirty Days; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall have been so committed, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture and Satisfaction, shall be sooner paid and given.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage or destroy any of the said Lamps which shall be so erected or continued by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or any of the Pods, Irons or other Furniture thereof, or take away or throw any of the Oil from or out of the said Lamps, or eniinguish any of the said Lamps when lighted, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex or Surrey, in which the Offence shall be committed (as the Case may happen to be), and he is hereby required, upon Oath made of the Cominifilon of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties accused, and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoeve: who shall lee such Offence committed to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons, to a (Tiff in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to conyey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to be dealt with as herein-atwr is directed, and the Party or Parties accused being brought before any such Justice, or Oath being made before him that such Party or Parties cannot: be founJ and apprehended, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witncls or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence either by his, her, or their own Con-session, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall, for the Srft Offence, turfeic the Sum of Five Shillings for each Lamp and Oil so broken, damaged, destroyed, taken away, thrown out or extinguished as aforesaid; and for the second Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; and for the third and every other lublequenc Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and full Satisfaction shall also be made to the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or to their Surveyor, by such Offender or Offenders,

*a for

4-015

4^9° GEORGII

III. Cap. igi

for the Damage so by I im, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Juliice before whom such Offender or Offenders (half be convicted is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction for tile County where the Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Lxptrattcu of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and if any Ferro r» shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage, dtfiroy, take away or walte any of the said Lamps or Oil, or any of the Potts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand m ke Satisfaction to the said Company or their Committee, or to their Surveyor, for the Damage by such Person so done, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to be made by the said Company or their Committee, or any Three or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, to summon the Party complained of, and upon his or her Appearance or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was feived with such Summon*, or that the fame was left at his or her Dwelling-house cr Place of Abode, or that he or she could not be found), such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof either by-the Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made, by the Party complained of, and for the Damage so by him or her done, as to such Justice shall appear just anJ reasonable, so that such Sum shall not exceed the Amount of the Damage actually done, and shall cause the Sum so awarded, in case the same shall not be paid forthwith upon the making of such Award, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall penalty on assault, interrupt, hinder or disturb, or cause, promote or encourage to be assaulted, interrupted, hindered or disturbed, the Collectors of the Tolls U tr9’ctc' or any of them, or the Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Person or Persons employed by him cr them, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by the said Committee in the Execution of any Part of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXXXI. And beic further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Oeitroying wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice or the said Undertaking, break, throw down, or destroy any Part of the Bridge to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishment and Penalties as in Cases of Grand Larceny; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to

4-016

That the Budge shall he dcerv>?d to be in Mici-dlesex and Suriey

Directin^ the Application oi the Tollf, and when they shall ieaTe»

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 191.

to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

CXXXII. And in order to remove all Doubts where and before whom Offences committed on the said Bridge shall and may be cognizable, and how and determined by whom the Offenders in such Cases may be punished; be it further enacted, That the Half of the said Bridge, when built, next adjoining to the County of Middlesex, shall be deemed to be in the County of Middlesex, and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes; and the other Half of the said Bridge adjoining to the County of Surrey shall be deemed to be in the County of Surrey, and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth \ but such Bridge shall not be deemed or taken to be a County Btidge, so as to subject the said Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or either of them, to the repairing orsupporting the same.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls that shall be col-

leded and received under or by virtue of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in manner herein-after mentioned •, (that is to say), in the first place, in paying and defraying the necessary current Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, and of keeping the said Bridge, Roads and Ac ceffes in repair, and of lighting and watching the fame; and in the next place, in paying to the said Mortgagees under this Act the Interest to which they shall be entitled in Manner herein-before provided, and the Surplus thereof shall be divided amongst the Proprietors in Proportion to the Amount of their respective Shares, in manner following; (that is to say), the said Proprietors shall be entitled to and receive out of the Tolls hereinbefore allowed to betaken and received upon the said Bridge and Roads, Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the respective Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid from Time to Time upon their respective Shares, by virtue of any Call or Calls of the Committee, for and towards the Execution of the said Undertaking, whichlnttreft shall commence and be computed from iheTime or respective Times of Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or of the Instalments thereof respectively; and from and after the Time when the said Bridge shall be opened for the Passage of Horses and Cariiages over and across the fame, the said Proprietors shall be entitled to and receive an Interest or Dividend upon their respective Shares out of the said Tolls, foas that such Proprietors do not receive more than Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon or in respect of the Amount of such Shares; and when and as soon as the said Tolls shall be more than sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, then the Exctfs shall be in veiled from Time to Time in the Name of the faiu Company of Proprietors, in the I’urchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and the Income resulting therefrom shall be accumulated in the Nature of Compound Interest, until such Excess and Accumulations shall be sufficient to yield by the Dividends thereof Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum to the Proprietors upon the Amount of their respective Shares; and when and as soon as such Excess and Accumulations shall be sufficient for the Purpose last mentioned, the Stock anting therefiom, or the Produce of such Stuck, shall be divided among the said Company of Proprietors in proportion to the Amount of their respective Shares, who shall thereupon t eale to receive or be entitled to any further Proportion of the said Tulls, or any Payment in respect thereof;

4° 17

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

and the said Tolls shall, subject to the Payment of such Expences and Interest as aforesaid, be thenceforth laid out and invested in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and accumulated in like Manner as last herein-before directed, until a Sum shall be raised sufficienr to pay off the subsisting Mortgages under this Act, which Sum, when raised, shall be applied accordingly; and that after such Application as last-mentioned, such Tolls, subject as aforesaid, shall be accumulated in manner herein-before mentioned, until a further Sum, to be called The Strand Bridge Fund, shall be raised sufficient by the Interest or Dividends thereof, to produce the Annual Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, which said last mentioned AnnualSum shall be appropriated towards paying the Expences of repairing, lighting, and watching the said Bridge, Roads, and Accedes thereto, as and when there shall beOccasion; and when and as soon as the said last mentioned Sum shall be raised, the Tolls and Duties, hereby authorized to becoliefted and taken on the fai l Bridge and Roads, shall wholly cease.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Spencer Perceval Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer and Chancellor jjane°r5. of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, and the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, and the Chancellor of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, for the Time being; the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Cajllercagh, and the Right Honourable George Canning, Two of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being; the Right Honourable George Rose, Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, and the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Tune being; Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson Baronet, Comptroller of His Majesty's Navy, and the Comptroller ot His Majesty's Navy for the Time being; William Adam Esquire, Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall, and the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall for the Time being; the Right Honourable Charles A hot Speaker of the House of Commons, and the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being; the Right Honourable Sir William Scott Knight, Judge of the Admiralty; the Right Honourable Sir Arthur Wellesley Knight of the Bath, the Right Honourable Lord Ccchtane Knight of the Bath, the Right Honourable Earl Percy, the Right Honourable Richard Brinjlty Sheridan, the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being; the Reverend William Vyfe Doctor of Laws, Rector of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and the Rector of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth for the Time being; the Honourable Thomas Brand,

'John Bullock Esquire, Sir Francis Burd/tt Baronet, George By tig Esquire, Harvey Christian Combe Etquire, Sir William Curtis Baronet, John Fuller Esquire, Sir Vicary Gibbs Knight, Rear Admiral Eliah Harvey, William Honeywood Esquire, Joseph Jekyll Esquire, Sir Edward Knatchbull Barone',

John McMahon Esquire, William Mtllish Esquire, Sir Thomas Plcmer Knight, Sir Charles Price Baronet, Sir John Saunders Sebright Baroner,

James Shaw Esquire, George Holme Sumner Esquire, Michael Angelo Taylor Esquire, Henry Thornton Esquire, Samuel Thornton Esquire, Sir Thomas Turton Baronet, Thomas Tyrwlitt Esquire, and the Honourable Charles William Wyndham, shall be and they are constituted and appoin ed Commissioners for executing the several Powers herein specially provided and directed to be executed by the said Commissioners, and such Commissioners shall and may appoinr a Secretary or Clerk, with such reasonable Compensation as to them shall seem meet; and such Secretary or Clerk [Loc. fcf Per.] 44 shall

40i B

New Commi (-<j ners ro \>t appointed i«. ftw<* ofihofe dying, etc.

Qualification ot Commis* fioueis.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

shall be paid out of such and the fame Funds as the current Expences of the said Commissioners are herein-after directed to be defrayed.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any of the Commissioners hereby appointed or to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, shall die or refute to act, or on any Account become incapable of ailing, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners cr any Five or more of them, at any Meeting whereof previous Notice, with the Cause of such Meeting, shall have been given in One or more of the London Newspaper', to elect; by baliot One or more fit Person or Persons to be a Commissi >ner or Commissioners in the place of him or them so dying, refusing to act, or become inc; pable of acting, and the Person or Persons so defied shall have the fame Powers and Authorities as the Commissioners herein named.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of this Act, during the Time of his holding any Place of Profit anting out of the Rates to be collected by virtue of this Act, or concerned or interested in any Contraft or Bargain made or to be made for the Purpol'es of this Act, nor unless he shall be leifed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee, at the Time of such his acting, of an Eftaie of Freehold or Copyhold, or both, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or unless he shall be possessed of a Personal Estate, or a Real and Personal Estate together of the clear Value of Three thousand Pounds, nor shall any Person aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, othprwjfe than giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Commissioners, and aciminillering an Oath or Affirmation in the Words following to the other Commissioners, until he shall have taken such Oath or Affirmation before any One or more of the said Commissioners, who is or are, hereby authorized and empowered to administer the lam; •, that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do

* iolemnly affirm] That 1 am truly and bona fide in the actual Possef-

* fion or Enjoyment of the Rents and Profits' of Freehold or Copyhold ‘ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds above all Reprizes, or pcfiefled of or entitled ‘ to a Personal Estate, or a Real and Personal Estate together, to the ‘ Amount or Value of Three thousand Pounds; and that I will, without ‘ Favour or Affection, truly and impartially, according to the best of my 4 Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform the Powers and Authorities ‘ veiled in me as a Commissioner, by an Act made in the Forty-ninth

* Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, ‘ [here insert the Title of this A£f\.

'So help me GOD.’

And no Person shall act as a Commissioner at any Meeting of Com* rrniTioners (except at the First Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, and at any Adj urnment thereof, to be held within One Calendar Month of such Meefing), unless he shall have taken the said Oath at some other Meeting One Calendar Month at leaf! previously to the Time of his claiming to act as a Commissioner; and if any Person, not being qualified as herein-before is mentioned, or hereby made incapable to act as a Commissioner.

4oi9

49° GEORGII III. Ckp.ini.

missioner, shall nevertheless presume to act as such in th? Execution of the Powers hereby given, or any of than, every luc'n P'-rfon for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to the Fid Company of Proprietors, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Person so (lied or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the Fid Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being required on the Part of the Plaintiff, than that such Person hath acted as a Conuniifioner in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, (halt meet fur executing the Powers or any of them herein specially provided and directed to be executed by them the said Commilfkmers, within Three Months after the said Bridge shall be completed and opened for the Receint of Tolls for the P’ffage of H rks or Carriages over and arrofs the Fme, or within One Month, but not le s than Fourteen Days after the General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, which shall be holden after the aforesaid Bridge shall be so completed and opened for the Rectipf cf Tolls, for •which Purpolk immediate Notice shall be given 'in The London Gazelle, and in Two or more Newspapers published and circulated in the said County of Middlesex, that the said Bridge ti or Wes completed, and that the fame was or wiil be opened ort a ceffain Fifty mentioned in such Notice, for the Receipt of Tolls for the Passage of Ifcrfes and Carriages over and across the fame, •which shall' also contain the Day on which the next following General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietoro will be held, and such Notice shall be given by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors; and it shall be the Duty of the Clerk of the said Company for the Time being, and he is hereby required, at the proper Colls and Charge of the said Company, to give Public Notice in The London Gazette, and in one or more Newspaper or Newspppers usually circulating in the said County of Middlesex, of the First Meeting of the said Commissioners within the Time or Times aforesaid, specifyibg in such Notice the Place where such Meeting will be holden, which Meeting shall beholden within Two Miles of the said Bridge, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon, and Two of the Clock; in the Afternoon; and the said Commissioners at’ such and all othefr Meetings shall be attended by the Clerk of the said C-'thj.any for the Time being, or other Person whom the said Company, or rheir Committee, shall or may appoint for that Pmpose, and such Clerk Of Person shall at every Meeting of the Fid Commissioners, enter in a Bb6k to be provided by the said Company for that Purpose, all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, which Orders and Proceedings shall at every Meeting respectively be signed by the Commissioner UnB'shall be Chairman at the Meeting, or by Four other Commissioners; and such Entries shall be deemed original Orders and Proceedings, and shall and may be read in Evidence in all Courts whatlcever; and the Commissioners so assembled shall and may then and at every subsequent Meeting, adjourn themselves from Lime to Time and Place to Place, as the said Coilimiifibnfers or any Five or more of them present at any such Meeting fhdl think convenient: Provided always, thac no such

0 Meeting

Meetings of Commission-ci s Quorum, etc*

4020

New Commissioner« io be eieefed by MAk,t.

How often the

Co:nm»!lion« cr8 aie regularly to meet.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held above the Distance of Two Miles from the said Bridge; and if Five Commissioners shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, then the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or other Person attending the Meeting of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any one Commissioner, shall and may adjourn the Meeting of the said Comm flioners to the same Place, and to the same Day Three Weeks next after the Day when their Meeting ought to have been held, and the Clerk to the said Company or other Person attending as aforesaid shall, at the proper Cuffs and Charges of the said Company, cause Ten Days Notice of such adjourned Meeting to be given in The London Gazette, and in one or more Newspaprr or Newspapers usually circulating in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall have Authority, as often as they shall think fit, to call an extraordinary Meeting at such Time and Place as aferehtid, as they by a previous Notice of Fourteen Days at least, to be advertisrd m The London Gazette, and in one or more Newspaper or Newspapers ulnally circulating in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, shall appoint: Provided always, that no Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or any other Person or Persons anyways interested in the said Undertaking, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the Purposes herein contained, under or by virtue of this Act; and if any PerLn or Persons being the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or being otherwise interested therein, shall ait as a Commissioner or Commissioners under or by virtue of this Act, he or they shall forfeit and lose his or their said Share or Shares, and all Interest he or they may have in the said Undertaking, and such Share or Shares, and Interest, shall become vrfted in the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and that all the reasonable current Expences of the said Commissioners shall be paid by the said Company of Ptoprietors.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any of the Commissioners appointed under or by virtue of this Act shall die or refute to act, or become on any Account incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for the surviving or other Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting whereof a previous Notice of Twenty-one Days, with the Cause of Meetirg, shall be advertised in The London Gazette, and in one or more Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Middlesex, to eh ft by Ballot one or more fit Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place of him or them so dying or refuting to act or becoming incapable of acting-, and the Person or Persons so elected shall have the fame Powers as the Commissioners herein named.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner*

shall and they are hereby rtqmred to meet at least Twice in every Year, or of', ner. as they the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them thall thin!; fit, and Two of the said Meetings fh .11 be holden within One Month, but not less than Fourteen Days after the rrgjlar and accustomed Half-yearly General Afkmblies of the said Company ot Proprietors herein, b.fore authorized jo be held, for which Purpose it shall be the Duty of the

49® G EO RGII III. Cap. it)i.

the Clerk to the said Company within Ten Days after such Half-yearly General Assembly of the Did C *mpany, to give such Notice ot lucfi Meeting of the said Comm fli iners as F herein-before directed in respect of the tint Meeting of the said Commissioners, which shall be held for the Purposes and under the Authority of this Act.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall, and they are hereby required and empowered, at such Half-yearly Meetings as aforesaid, to inspect the Accounts of the said Company of Proprietors, and require that the same shall be verifitd by the Oath or Oaths of the Person or Persons who shall or may have made up Inch Accounts, or of any one of the Au. itors of the Accounts of the said Company, and who shall have audited and settled such Accounts (which Oath or Oaths any one of the Commissioners so assembled as aforesaid is hereby authorized and empowered to adminiltef), in ordei to ascertain thac the said Tolls have been appropriated as hi rein-before directed, for which Purpose the said Commissioners shall have Power and Authority to require such Documents as may appear to them to be necessary thereto; and the said Commissioners at such Meeting shall also have full Power and Authority to inspect any former Accounts of the said Company if they shall deem it expedient and nec.tflary, and if it shall appear to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them at any such Meeting, that the said Comp-.ny of Proprietors have not appropriated such Toils as is hetein-before directed in rd'pcft thereof, or shall have received an Interest or Dividend ot more than Uen Pounds fer Centum per Annum upon their respective Shares, the said Commissioners or any Five or more of than at such Meeting, or any Adjournment of the fame for that Purpose, shall proceed to ascertain to what Amount such Tolls have no: been so appro*-priated, or have been misappropriated by the said Company of Proprietors, and shall f.foceed to make an Order upon the said Company ol Proprietors to pay the Sum so ascertained not to have been lo appropriated, or to have been misappropriated, together with the Sum of Five hundred Pounds as a Penalty and Forfeiture to be recovered by Action ot Debt, or on the case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for and on Account of such Non-appropriation or Mif-appropriation, which Sum so ordered by the said Commissioners to be paid, shall be \ aid out of the next arising and accruing Sum of Money which the Proprietors would otherwise have been entitled to divide as Interest upon their Capital Stock, which Order shall be signed by the Commissior.er who shall be Chairman at such Meeting, and Four other of the Commissioners present at such Meeting; and it shall be deemed sufficient Notice to the said Company of the making such Order, that the fame be delivered at such Meeting of the Commissioners* when made to the Clerk of the said Company, or other Pelion appointed by the said Company to attend such Meeting; and if such Sum to ordered to be paid, be noc justly and truly paid by the said Company out of the next arising and accruing Sum ot Money, which the Proprietors would otherwise have been entitled to divide as Interest Ppon their Capital Stock, or as far as such Sum of Money will go towards paying the fame, and such Payment certified and alcercained at the next eniuing Meeting of the Commissioners under this Act, then and in such C^fe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any F.ve <r more */f them, at such ensuing Meeting, by an O der for that Purpose made, (which Order shall te signed by the CommilScnef who [Lee. & Per.] 44 R shall

4O2I

Powers of the eom-nif Jiotsers.

49' GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

/hall be Ciiairman at such ensuing Meeting and any other Four Corr-jnissioners present at such ensuing Meeting), and shall be placed in legible Characters on each of the Toll Houseson the said Bridge and Road*, and fliqtl also be inferred in The London Gazette, forthwith to take and seize the Tolls which shall and may be received at the said Bridge and Hoads, and to receive the fame and every Parr, thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls so received by the said Commissioners shall be equal to the Sum so awarded as aforesairl by the said Commissioners to be paid by the said Company, and all reasonable Costs and Charges whi< h the said Commissioners may have incurred by reason of such Default of Payment as aforesaid.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, who shall or may be Proprietors of Shares at the Time of such Repayment and Return of the Money originally raised by virtue cf and under the Authority of this Act, or th'-tr Successors, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed a Company, to continue and be Trustees of the said Bridge, and have a Committee, constituted and regulated as before directed, and subject to all other Regulations, Rules, Orders and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before provided in respect of the said Company, or their Committee; and the said Company or their Committee or any Five or more of them, shall have Power and Authority to do and perform all Matters and Things which to them shall seem meet and necessary, in and about the maintaining, repairing, and supplying the said Bridge, and the said Roads, and the several Lamps, Watch Boxes, and other Works, Matters, and Things to be maintained, repaired and luppocted by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as to them the said Company or their Committee oc any Five or more of them shall seem meet; and such Company or their Successors or their Committee, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, by an Order or Draft undtr the Common Seal of the said Ci nq any, or undtr the Hands of at least Five of the Committee, whichSeal or Signatures shall be atiefted by the Clerk of the said Company for the Time btirg, 10 disburse the Interest of the Money herein-before directed to be raised for that Purpose, and called " The Strand Bridge Fund," as rpay be rtquired, and to apply the fame in and about such Repairs, paving, watching, lighting, or any other Matters or Things relating or appertaining to the said Sione Bridge, Roads, Lamps, Watch Boxes, and other Matters and Things to be maintained, repaired and suppoited by virtue of this Act as aforesaid; and when all such Expences, Colls, and Charges of repairing, paving, watching or lighting the said Bridge, or of any other Matters or Things relating or appertaining thereto, shall be fully paid and satisfied out of the Interest aforesaid, the said Company may and they are hereby empowered to make and declare a Dividend of the Overplus or Intercll of such Interest Money as aforesaid among the said Company or their Successors, according to the Shares they may respectively be entitled to.

Company may

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Bridge, or the said |bor fa^iur"* f ^oads or ^’d Gimps. Watch Boxes, or other Wotks to be main-kepata." ° tamed and repaired by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall become and be out of.Rtpair, or if the said Bridge or Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof shall not continue to be watched or lighted in manner herein-before diteded, then the said Company, or their Committee or any *4 Five

Company to continue Tmltfes of the Bridge.

49# GEORGII III. Cap. 191. 40 2 j

Five or more of them, shall forthwith cause the said Stone Bridge and Roads, Lamps, Watch Boxes, and other Works to be repaired, of thfc said Bridge and Roads to be watched or lighted as herein-before directed j and in case the said Company, or their Committee or any Five or more of them shall fail, within One Week after Notice to their Clerk ro thac Effect, to commence such Repairs, or to rause the said Bridge and Roads to be watched or lighted as herein-before directed, that it shall be lawful to or for any Person or Persons to prefer orprosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against the said Company for such Failure; and if the said Company shall be found guilty upon the Trial of such Bill or Bills of Indictment, they the said Company shall forfeit and lose to the Person or Persons who shall have preferred and proi'ecuted such Bill or Bills of Indictment, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for evtry such Failure, and shall be subject and liable to commence such Repairs as aforesaid, or to cause the said Bridge and Roads to be watched and lighted as herein-before is directed, within Twenty-one Days after such Yerdift or Verdicts on such Bill or Bills of Indictment; and in case of failure in the Whole, or in any Part thereof, the said Company shall again become subject and liable to such Bill or Bills of Indictment, and so totiet quoties, until the said Repairs on the said Bridge shall be repaired, or the Pavement thereof shall be repaired and telaid, or the same shall be watched and lighted as herein-before directed.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That if by Fire, Flood, of any other How Bridge Accident, the said Bridge or any Part thereof shall receive such and so i'fdanagrd * much Damage, that it shall appear, from the Estimaces of the Majority of Three competent Persons to be appointed by the said Company or their Committee, or any Five or more of them, upon Inspectioti and Examination thereof, that the Interest of the said Strand Bridge Fund, or the Accumulation thereof, will not be sufficient within the Space 6f Two Ye 1 rs to defray the Expences, Costs and Charges of repairing such Damage, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or any Five or more of them, in order to the more speedy and effectual repairing of such Damage as aforesaid, to raise any Sum that may be wanted for such Purpose upon the Security of the said Fund, by way of Mortgage of the said Fluid; and if the said Company or their Committee, or any Five or more of them shall not be able within Three Months after such Estimate made as aforesaid, to raise the Sum which may be wanted for the Repair of such Damagb, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company or their Committee, or any Five or mi re of them, in manner aforesaid,' to expend and apply the Whole or such Part of the Principal Money of the said Fund as may be wanted for that Purpose to defray the Expence's, Costs, arid Charges of such Damage as aforesaid; and if the Whole of the Principal Monty of the said Fund shall not be found sufficient to defray the Etf- cong'*0"' peaces, Costs, and Charges of repairing such Damage as aforesaid, then Co,?Pa"y it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or tI'u. 'he their Committee, or any Five or more of them, upon giving Fourteen Days Notice thereof in The London Gazette, and in Two or more Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulating in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey* which Notice shall be signed by at least Five of the Committee for the Time being, and whose Signatures shall be arrested and wit-nefied by the Clerk ro the said Company for the Time being, at the Ex-pir.,tion of such Fourteen Days to revive the Tolls herein-before allowed and

directed

4024

To'.ls so re vived, ro continue until, etc-

power of

Company an Committee over revived Tolls.

All Prccetd-ji-gj entered in the Bw.ks of the Company or Com mimonersio be Evidence.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

directed to be received upon the f.iid Bridge, or such Part thereof as they the said Company or ther Committee, or any Five nr more of them, shall deem suffi. ient for that Purpose; and it shall be lawful to and for the said Company or their Committre, or any Five or more of them, to borrow such M mey as they may judge necessary or expedient for the Repair of such Damage as aforesaid on the Security of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, so revived as aforesaid.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That such Tolls so revived, or such Part thereof as the said Company or their Committee shall judge proper, shall continue to be received and taken on the said Bridge until all the Expences, Costs and Charges of the Repair of such Damage as lait af >re!aid shall be fully and completely paid and fatofied, and until all Money received by way of Mortgage on the said Fund, or borrowed on the Security of such revived Tolls, shall be fully and completely paid and dif. charged, and also until the Principal Money of the said Strand Bridge Fund shall amount to a Sum sufficient by the Interest or Dividends thereof to produce the Annual Sum of Seven hundred Pounds as herein-before authorized and directed to be raised for the Repairs of the said B idge, and when and as soon as such Sums of Money as are herein mentioned shall be fully and completely discharged and raised as aforesaid, from such revived Tolls, the Notice to that Efted shall forthwith be inserted in The London Gazette, and Two or more Nrwfpapers usually circulating in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, which Notice shall be signrci by at lead Five of the Committee for the Time being, yrhofe Signatures to such Notice shall be attrfled and witnessed by the Clerk to the said Company for th* Time being; and within Twenty-ene Days after the lniertion of such Notice as aforesaid, such revived Tolls shall ceale and discontinue, and the said Bridge shall again become a Free Bridge, and no Tolls whatever shall from such Time be received or taken thereon.

! CXL.V. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, shall be enabled to reduce and again to raise such revived Tolls, so that they do not exceed the Rates hciein-before authorized to be taken and received, and to do and perform all Acts in respect thereof as they the said Company or their Committee, or any Five or more of them, are herein-before authorized and empowered to do by virtue of this Act; and shall have and polfefs the fame Power and Authority overthe said Tolls as is herein-beforeenacted in respect of the original Tolls herein-before authorized to be taken and received on the said Bridge, and shall be (ubjed and liable to the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures for any Milcondud in respect of such revived Tolls, as is herein-before provided and enacted in respect of such original Tolls; and the said Commissioners shall have and possess the fame Power and Authority over the said Company, and be entitled to examine the Accounts of the said Company, and to make such Orders from Time to Time in respect of such revived Tolls, as is herein-before provided and directed in respect of such original Tolls, as fully and completely as if the fame and every Part thereof Were herein and hereby expressed, repeated, and re-enacted.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Company of Proprietors at their several and relptdive General - or Special General Assemblies, or of their Committee or any Five or more of them at their several Meetings, or of the said Comm flioners appointed

in

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

in and by virtue of this Act, or of any Five or mire of them at their fevc-ral Meeting1!, shall be entered in a Book or B >oks to be kept for such Purposes respectively, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed respectively by the Chairman of such General or Sprtial A (Terribly, or by the Clerk of the said Company, or by the Chairman of such Committee, or by their Cle k, or by the Commissioner who shall be Chairman at such Meeting, or by the Clerk of the said Company or other Person appointed by the said Company attending such Meeting of the Commissioners; and such O'ders and Proceedings respectively shall be deemed and taken to be Originals.

CXLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to exiend to take away, prejudice, or derogate from any of the Rghts, Interests, Privileges, Fran-chiles, Jurisdictions, or Authorities of the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the Cny of London or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Juiifdtftion, which at the Time of making this Act the said Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, as Conservator of the said River ■Thames, did or m ght lawfully claim, use, or exercise, other than and except to remove any Shelves, Gravel, Sand, Mud, or other Obstructions, or to embank, deepen, or widen the said River as aforesaid, according to the several Provisions of this Act for making Roads and Landing Places, and for facilitating the Access or Accedes to the said Bridge or Bridges, and to do and effect every other Matter or Thing wh ch shall or may be necessary to be done and tffcfted fur the erecting, maintaining, and supportirg the said Bridge, as is provided for by this Act as aforesaid.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwlfedirested), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by the Coofession of the Party or Parties offending or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witrcffcs (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administt-r), be levied by D.stress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warranc under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant Yuch Justice is hereby empowered to grant for such Purpose; and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Difl ef$ and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be from Time to Tinte paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Company, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such [Lee. (3Per.') 44 $ Penalties

402 5

M.»\or »i>d Corporation of London inJemtiilifJ.

Pena'ties and F 1 friturei how to be recovered and applied.

4026

Power »i> p*e

Informer Part of the Penalties.

Allowing an Appeal.-

Compiling

W.tnrtfisio

attend.

49° GEORG 11 in. Cap. 191.

Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall befooner

paid or fotisfied.

CXLIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lid Company from Time to Time, if they fee Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons, not being a Witness or Witnesses, aiding or assisting in the Apprehrnsion of any Offender or Offenders therein or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwiihstandings

CL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themfcloes aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Role, Bye Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgement, or Determination, of the said Commissioners, or by any Order, Judgement or Determination, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in th s Ad mentioned or contained, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons may, within Six Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgement or Determination, shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County, Cicy, or Place in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise (fitft giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Narure and Matter thereof), and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Just ce of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with Two sufficient Serurities conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Cou t thereon; and the said Justices shall in a summary way either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General or Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the hear ng thereof to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, City or Place; and the said Justices may, if they fee cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Monty to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Older, Judgement cr Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable.

CLI. And be it firther enacted, That if any Pcfon or Persons who shall be fun.moned as a Witness or Witnesses to attend and give Evidence before any Just.ce of the Peace, touching any Matter of Taft contained in any Informa ion or C mplaint for any Offence against this Act, either on the Part of the Profeiuior or the Person or Persons accused •, or if any Person or P-rfo is who shall be summoned as a Witr.efs or Witnesses to give Evi-dene a any G':n"tal o- Quarter Sessions of the Peace for any County as aforesaid, or any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by viuneef the Act, either Uj on he Pait of the Appellant or Rtlpondenr, shall re-fu'r or neg'eft to appear at the Time and Piace to be for that PurpAfi* appointed, without a reasonable Excuf for his, her, or their Refofal or Neg-kft, O' appearing ih I! re ufo to be examined upon Oath, (or in case of a Q alter i. Q. aneis, on f 1 mn Affirmation), anti togiv e Evidence before such Justic'e of the Peace, or at such Sessionor Atijou.nment thereof, then

4027

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

and in either of the said Cases, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CLII. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against Conviction of this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Juf- OHtn !er»* tices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of

Words to the fame Effect, as the case shall happen; (that is to say),

* T?E it remembered. That on the Day in the Form of Con.

* Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and A.B, Vltll0"-

‘ is convicted before me C.D. [or, before us C.D. and E. f*.] one [of

* Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

* [specifying the Offence and Time and Place when and where the fame was ‘ committed, as the Case shall be.] Given under my Hand and Seal [or,

‘ our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above mentioned.

CI.III. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be Distrefsiiot made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress w.t 0j itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same Form, be considered a TtefpafTer or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Appointment of the Collector or Colltftors, Receiver or Receivers^ Surveyor or Surveyors, or in any other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the said Party or Parties distraining be deemed or considered a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregffarity whion shall afterwards happen to be done by the P^rty or Parties so distraining: in making such Distress; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Spec'al Damage which he, she, or they shall have luftaiued thereby, with usual Ccftt and no more, in an Action of Trtfpafs or on the Cafe, at the Election of the Person or Persons lo aggrieved.

CLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff qr Plain- piiintiiFnoi tiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in tice,°rr after Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at Tender of his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode Thirty Days Amends-before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action •, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action if Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made co him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought •, nor if such Tender or Amends shall be made at any Time after the said Action brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the Time of such last mentioned Tender; but on Proof of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgement as in cases of Norifuit, with Treble Costs, to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant or Defendants mav recover Costs in any other Cafe by Law; or in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by

leave

4028

Lan'tution of At* tons.

Central Issue.

Public Ac*.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money, as he, she, or they shall think fit •, whereupon such Pr cecdings, Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and given in and determined by such-Courr, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Person', Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiare, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months after the Fast committed ■, and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought.and tried in the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey \_as the Case may be], and not elsewhere ■, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may at his, her, or their Election phad specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thtreupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Thirty Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient SatisLftion made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than the said County of Middlesex or Surrey, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontir.ue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be giver, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

[Public Act.]

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE

49° GEORGII nr. Cap. 191

4029

SCHED U L

Of the Lands and Premises required for the Roads to the intended Strand Bridge.

ROAD from the Foot of the intended Strand Bridge in the Parish of St. Mary Lambeth, to near The Obelisk, in the Parish of St. George, in the County of Surrey.

Parish and County. Pi i DESCRIPTION of PREMISES. OWNER of LAND. OWNER of BU I LD INGS. OCCUPIER.

i. Dwelling-house and Freeholder, James Quallett. Stephen Btidge Joseph Fort

2. Yard Ditto Dealt holder, James Hedger Ditto Diito Ditto Mary Brown

3- Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Jane Little

4- Ditto Ditio Ditto Ditto Thomas Drew

5- Ditto Ditto Ditto Joseph Ford Laurence Croft

6. Ditto Ditto Ditto Harknei's William Britton

7- Dirto Ditto Ditto Ditto Robt. Tenniswood

8. Dancing Academy Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditio

9- Warehouse Ditto Ditto Ditto Wil’iam Button

> w 10. Small Dwelling-house Ditto D - 0 Joseph Ford Samuel Young

II. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Elizabeth Mitchell

12 Ditto Ditto Ditto Wheatley Joseph Duke

>3- Shed Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

CA '4- Small Dwelling-house Ditto Ditto John Davis Brown

if- Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto William Dawes

l6. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto John Birdfeye

>< 17 Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto iarah Bly

18. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto George M‘Lachlan

Jo >9 Ditto Ditto Ditto John Drinkwater John Drinkwater

0 20. Glazier’s Shop Ditto Ditto Ditto

u 2 1. Garden Ditto Ditto

CO 22 Dwelling-house Ditto Ditto Wheatley Wheatley

w 23- Yard Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

O 24. Stables and Slied Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

cd 23- Small House Ditto Ditto Heller William Moore

26. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto William Boswell

0 27. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Robert Norton

28. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Thomas Jackson

5 29. Ditto Ditto Ditjto Ditto William Vidler

3°- Ditto Ditto D.^o Ditto Thomas Ashley

CO 3*- Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto H nrv Britain

32- Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

33- Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

35- Blacksmith’s Shojr Ditto Ditto Ditto

36- 37- Wayin front of House? Small House Ditto Ditto Ditto

33- 39- Back Y ards of Houses Workrtiop Ditto Ditto Bayles Joseph Swan

40. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

4«- Dwelling-house Ditto Ditto Ditto

42. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

43- Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

44- 45 Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Bayles

•i ^—-2 Ditto Ditto Ditto 1 Joseph Swan

aa T

4°3°

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191

The SCHEDULE- continued.

Pari lli c DESCRIPTION OWNER OWNER

and e of of of OCCUPIER.

County. £ PREMISES. LAND. BUILDINGS.

47 Way to Chapel and

48 Chapel Place Dweliing-house John Branfcomb John Branfcomb . Martin

4P Ditto Ditto Robert Cox Robert Cox

5° Ditto Ditto John Branfcomb Andrew Nichols

Ditto William Towzer James T riptree

5a Ditto Ditto Ditto William Shelford

53 Ditto James Hedger Ditto Empty

54 Chapel Ditto Ditto William Towzer

55 DtvelIing-liou(c Ditto Ditto Ditto

56 Walh-hottfe, See. Ditto Ditto Ditto

17 Dweliing-house Ditto James Hedger John Thompson

5* Ditto 4 Ditto Ditto Richard Branfcomb

59 Ditto Ditto Ditto William Pellatt not'

John Brown

60. Vacant Ground John Branfcomb Ditto —

Robert Scotten John Dickson now

William Swaine

62. Ditto Ditto Ditto George Connett.now

Henry Langley

63- Ditto Ditto Ditto Herrington

64. Ditto Ditto Ditto Robert Humphries

W 65. Gardens behtndHoules Richard Humphries

cd 66. Small House James Hedger Ditto

04 67. Ditto Ditto Ditto Robert Horford

j | 63. Ditto Ditto Ezekish Meredith,

| fT now Richard Cousins

0 69. Ditto Ditto Ditto John Ealing

70. Ditto Ditto Ditto Thomas Aflhorp

H 71. Ditto Ditto Ditto Richard Humplirys

1 S5 72. Workshop Ditto John Willis Fanlkener George Watson

g 73. Small House Ditto James Daria Joseph Davis

O 74- Ditto Ditto Ditto now Sam, Burchmori

75- Ditto Ditto Ditto nowG orge Stephen!

W O 76. Ditto Ditto Ditto Mary Larigham

77 House and Garden Ditto John Willis Falconer 1 homas Squire

cd 78. Ditto Ditto Ditto William Loving

0 79- Ditto Ditto Ditto John Smith

80. Ditto Ditto Ditto George Watson

81. Ditto, Grocer’s Shop Ditto- Ditto john Weftley

F-> 82. Small House &Garden Ditto William Johnson John Bigneil, now

2 Thomas Conway

<3 83. Garden Ditto John WilltR Falconer John Weft ley

H- Small House &Garden Ditto William Johnson Noah Mullett

85. Road—Webber Row

86. Road—Ann’s Place

87. Public-house&Garden James Quallett Me firs. Elliot & Co. —

88. Ditto, D° Old George City of London Ditto Henry Frampton

89. Dwelling-house and Ditto John Willis Falconer James Preston

Garden

90. Ditto Ditto Ditto James Meadows, non

* John Smith

91. Garden Ditto -

92. Vacant Ground McflVa. Elliot and Co. -

93- Dweliing-house and City of London Oliver Barron James Thomas

Garden

94. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Joseph Collin

95- ffitto Ditto Ditto Ditto Benjamin Kelsey

96 Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ann Morgan

97- K oad opposite Barron's

98. Buildings Dweliing-house and Temple Well George Noakes John Hamer, now

G rden William Woodcock

99. Coal Shed & Workshop Ditto Ditto Ditto and William

Woodcock

49° GEORGII III. Cap.tqi

4031

The SCHEDULE- continued.

Parish d! DESCRIPTION OWNER OWNER

and g of of of OCCUPIER.

County. A PREMISES. LAND. SOILDtKOS.

too. Dwelling—house and Temple '.Yell James Bower man Thomas Robinson

« Garden

Odd at, at 073 W '23 IOI. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto John James

102. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Edward EJwards

and Work (hop

i°3- Dwelling liouie and Ditto Ditto Nathaniel 1’otcary

H 5* Z a *—l 3 <? O IO4. G arden. Ditto Ditto Dit 0 William Cross William Cross

$<-> IOJ. Dwelling-house and Ditto Ditto Thomas Cope

Garden

106. Common Sewer Cornmil. of Sewers

107. Garden Ground Mr:Croker, copy holder Tito. Wall, leaseholder Charles Hickinbottom

109. Dwelling-house and Th ur it on Bailey Thurston Bailey l'hurftcn Bailey, now

Garden Ann Swan

no. Ditto Ditto Richard Baker Richard Baker James Mason

i 11. Ditto Ditto John Howard John Mitchell John Mitchell

112. Ditto Ditto - John Batterby John Batterby

"3- Ditto Ditto Richard Baker Richard Baker George Johnson

1 *4- Cabinet Manufactory Ditto George Johnson Ditto

Il6. Dwelling-house and John Howard Ann Mason Ann Mason

Garden

"7- ] Dwelling-house and Richard Baker Richard Baker Edward Donnedy

w I l8. 3 back Premises

u9. Vacant Ground John Howard - John Batterby

P . 20. Small Dwelling-house Richard baker George Mitchell Allwood

C/D 121. Ditto Ditto Richard Baker —

122. Ditto Thurston Bailey Thurston Bailey Henry Cox

0 12-?. Small Dwelling-house Peart ree-street Ditto

>* E ia4. 125. His Grace the Arch Thomas Staines Mark Watson

Small Dwelling-house

p bishop of Canterbury. Ditto

0 126. Ditto Ditto Read

10 ;27. Ditto Ditto John Howard now L uifa Maddocka

* a 128. Ditto Ditto Ditto Tarries Turner '

129. Ditto Ditto Ditto Matlock

130. Ditto Ditto John Cathie Ann Stortings

« >3* Ditto Ditto Ditto Geoj ge Mosely

s 132. Marsh Land Ditto - Edwards Sc Cooke

<2 •33 Garden Ground Do. and Sir Wm East - William Curtis

>34 Road

'35- Garden and Water Ditto ... Messrs Beaufoy & Co.

t3S. Shrtlbbery Ditto - Ditto

< '37- Road on Messrs. Beau- Eeaufoy

s iov Sc Co’s Premises

.38. Vinegar Yard Jelus College, Oxford - Ditto

z *39- Vinegar Manufactory Ditto Melirs. Beaufoy V Co. Ditto

I4O. Part of Y ard . Ditto - Ditto

141. Warehouse Ditto Dit‘o Ditto

142. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

'43- Entrance Yard His Grace the Arch - Ditto

bishop of Canterbury

144. Garden Jelus College, Oxford Ditto

'43- Sheds His Grace the A rch-bishop of Canterbury Jesus Cullege O fore Ditto Ditto

r Dwelling-house Ditto Ditto

'47- Vacant Ground His Grace the Arch- - Ditto

bishop of Canterbury Henry King

148 Dwelling-house Yard Ditto William Stillwell

Ditto Ditto Ditto Edward CrofTwell

rco Ditto Ditto Ditto Henry King]

t'sh Ditto Ditto Ditto Daniel ' avqr, row

Ditto' J Henry King

'57 Ditto Ditto Joseph Muffelwhite

4032 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 191.

The SCHEDULE- continued.

Pd’-ifTi DEECRIPTION OWNER OWNER

and 0 of of of OCCUPIER.

County. £ PREMISES. LAND. BUILDINGS.

J53 Dwelling-house Yard His Grace the Henry King Thomas Whitehorn

Jg Ditto Abp. of Canterbury Ditto Ditto Joseph Winterbrown

155. Public House Ditto Mr. Martinean. William Workman.

.56. Road cailed Narrow

V° Wall Mrs. Hearn

jr 157. Garden Archbishop of Can- - "

<* 3 so [58. Wharf trrbury Ditto Ditto

C/3 I>TQ. River Tham»s

Road to near Stamford Street.

160. Garden Ground His Royal Highness a Hugh Burness

•5 the Prince of Wales

E £ 161. Way to Narrow Wall Ditto

% t Garden Ditto -

3 163. Ditto Ditto - - - Mrs. Alhley

164. Tenter Ground Ditto - Sophia Burness

J2 165. Workshop Ditto Sophia Burfoot Ditto

2 S Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

c 0 Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

•«u CO 1G8. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

169. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

170 Small House & Garden Ditto Thomas Hawes Thomas Brown

if'o . on fide Thomas Turpin

171. Ditto Ditto Ditto. Ditto

V = t 4± 3 => . — 0 C/j 172. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto John Lovett

Road to Westminster Bridge Road.

>74. Vacant Ground Jesus College, Oxford - MefTrs. Beaufoy

>75- Garden Abp. of Canterbury - William Baling

• and Sir Wm. Eall.

176 Garden Ground Ditto . Ditto

177. Timber Yard Ditto .... Ditto

w 1)8. Dwelling-house Dit;« Mr. Dean Andrew Black

erf 179. Ditto Ditto William Basing John Leaver

180. SkiLtle Ground Ditto . ... Phillis Cooks

CO 181. Dwelling-house Ditto Robson William is umbel

182. Ditto Ditto Ditto Co V

c 183- Ditto Ditto Ditto Stephen Carter

> .84. Garden Ditto - Phiil s Cooks

tH 185 Coal Shed and Garden Ditto John East John Eatt

is 1X6. Meadow Ditto - Ditto

187. Garden Ditto - Sweetland

CJ 188. Ditto Dito .... David Carter

189. Garden Mr. Cooper - Fife

E JQO. Timber Yard Ditto -

H >9‘ Shed & Timber Yard Ditto Meltrs. Adam & Ro- MefTrs. A dam and

CQ binfon Robinson

2 1 Qfc, Large Shed Ditto Ditto Ditto

< >»• Covered Saw Pits His Grace the Samuel Sanders Samuel Sanders

: I") Abp. of Canterbury Ditto

CO IQ4* «T Timber Yard Ditto Ditto

>• *95* Stables Ditto Thomas Gillian Thomas Gullan

196. Coach-house Ditto Ditto Ditto

2 107. Deal •Shed Ditto Samuel Sanders Samuel Sanders

;y8. Shed and Ride Ditto Thomas Gullan and Thomas Gullan and

h CO Samuel Sanders Samuel Sanders

199. Stables Ditto Richardfoa Richardson

Stable Yard Ditto .... Ditto

20.1. Stables add Counting Ditto Richardson Ditto

202. Garden Ditto - " - Ditto -'

4°33

49° GEORG011 III. Cap. 191*

The SCHEDULE- continued.

Pai dh DESCRIPTION OWNER OWNER

and 0. of of of OCCUPIER.

Cjuiuv X PREMICE3. LAN D. BUILDINGS.

4 * £ E 3 Roc id to Oakley Street.

A A Garden Ground Croker - Charles Hickinbottom

»*° O B. Ditto Ditto - Ditto

C. Dwelling-house and Ditto William Watkins Jette Collier

a § Garden

4-. 0 D Ditto Ditto Ditto Edward Watkins Edward Watkins

E. Oakley-ft reel

Road from the Foot of the intended Strand Bridge to the Strand.

I. Stable His Majesty, His Majesty Marsh

by Right of the by Right of the

Duchy of Lancaster Duchy of Lancaster.

2. Yard to Houses in Ditto Ditto -

Somsrfet Place

3* Coach-house Ditto Ditto His Mdj?fiy by Right of the Smith

s 4- Ditto Ditto Ditto Duchy of Lanc.iiier. Thompson

5- Yard to Chapel Ditto Ditto Saiah Schalch

6. German Reform Ditto Ditto Trustees —

c/3 Chapel

7- Small Dwelling-house Ditto Ditto Ditto Sarah Schalch

QSx 8. Vacant Ground Ditto Ditto —

Q O 9 W orkshop Ditto Ditto His Majesty Thomas Fentham

by Right of the

C/3 Duchy of Lancaster.

b IO. Shed Ditto Ditto Ditto

II. Yard Ditto Ditto Ditto

12. Workshop Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

'3- Passage into Strand

Q< 14-14. Stable & YVorkshop Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

■3- Dwelling-house Mrs. Joye Messrs Cadell & Davis William Craig

16. Ditto Ditto M Kelly M: Kelly

17. Ditto Ditto P. F. Wingrave P F Wingrave

co H . 18. Ditto His Majesty Thomas Lingham Thomas Lingham

wz by Right of his

Duchy of Lancaster

>*? i9- Ditto Ditto Ditto His Majesty Thomas Ffntham

Ch r by Right of the 1

Duchy of Lancaster.

20. Stable & Shop above Ditto Ditto Di to Ditto

21. Dwelling-house Ditto Ditto Ditto Thompson

22. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Messrs Ottridge Sc Son

< 23- Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Messrs. Cross and

Hampton

H- Workshop Ditto Ditto Ditto Messrs. Ottridge i. Son

A. Part of the River His Majesty, by

Thames virtue of the aforesaid

Att of the 15th year of

His present Majesty.

B. Ditto Ditto ’

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

[Lee. y Per.]

44 U v

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Gap. 192.

An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford in the Parish of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[20R fane 1809.]

WHEREAS Sir Oswald Mojley Baronet, is Lord of the Manor of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And whereas the said Sir Oswald Mojley is possessed of and intitled to certain Waterworks and Reservoirs anciently constructed for supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester aforesaid and the Neighbourhood thereof, with Water from the River Medlock at Holt Town, within Ancoats, in the Parish of Manchester: And whereas the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, in the said County, have of late Years become very populous, and the Number of Houses, Buildings, and Manufactories within the same have greatly increased, by reason whereof the aforesaid ancient Waterworks and Reservoirs, according to their present Plan and Con (I ruction, are incapable of affording a fitfficient Supply of Water to the Inhabitants without considerable Additions, Alterations, and Improvements being made therein: And whereas the said Waterworks and Reservoirs, an ! the Additions, Alterations, and Improvements to be made therein, would be better and more effectually made, constructed, maintained, and carried on, and the beneficial Pur-posts aforesaid more fully answered, if the fame were veiled in a Company of Proprietors to be united for that Purpose: And whereas the . - ' \Loc. & Per.] 44-Y eiecting

4038

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

erecting and making of such Additions, Alterations, and Improvements in and to the said ancient Waterworks, Aqueducts, and Rcfervoirs, for better supplying the Inhabitants aforesaid, w. u.d tend t<» promote the beneficial Purposes before mentioned: And whereas Sir George Wright Baronet, Samuel Hill, Henry Wright, and Richard Hill, Esquires, anc the fevt-ral other Persons herein-after named, on the Ac plication and with the Consent of the said Sir Oswald Mojley, are willing nd desirous to undertake. and do hereby undertake, at their own Expence, to erect and make such Add i ion'. Alterations, and Improvements, and othei Works requisite and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; but a* the lame cannot be effected without 'he Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be eracted; and be it enattrd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, #r,d Commons, in this present Padiament aflVrabled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Sit George Wright, Samuel Hill, Ilenn Wright, and Richard Hill, together with Sir Henry Mainzvaring Mauiwuring Baronet, the Reverend Sir John Head Baronet, the kevtrend Rowland Hill, IWliam Bcrradaile, George Bridges, Edmund Co.terell, Thomas Chatteris, Bryan Corcoran, Thomas Edwards, Abraham Favcnc, Francis Freeling, William Forsteen, Samuel Gofneil, John Hill, Daniel Ilinley, Samuel Houhton, John Hanks, Samuel Jackson, William Mainwaring, George Boulton Mainwaring, Richard Mytton, John Ord, Edward Penny, William Stones, John Skelton, John Smith, William Wichings, Thomas Twem'.ow, Francis Twemlow, Temple West, John Weft, Samuel Wright, Thomas Wright, Robert Wright, and Nathaniel Wright, Esquires, and such other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, as they or the major Part of them present at any General or Special General Assembly to be holden for the Purposes of this Act shall nominate and appoint, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Ad. rniniftraturs, and Afiigr.s, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking to be executed by this Act, shall be and they are hereby united into a Company for the making, completing, improving, and maintaining the said Waterworks, Aqurducts, Reservoirs, and other Works necessary for the Purposes of this Act, hereby authorized to be made, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after expressed, and shall for that Purpose be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Thth style. Manchester and Salford Waterworks and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall or may sue and be sued.

r wer to pur-

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, chaie LaeUs, successors and Assigns, shall have full Power to purchase Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments in Fee, or for any Term or Terms of Years, and subject to any Chief or other Rent in respect thereof, or other-wile to them their Successors and Assigns, sufficient for the Use of the said Undertaking, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

nuy r<e,iny And furt^cr enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and

among them- for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst them-of Men-^ ot *e'ves» 'n Proportions as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums exceedingn° of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds ‘°*°®h 5 , (except

4°39

GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

(except as herein-af cr mentioned), which said Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied, in the fi. ft Place, in discharging the Expect;es of obtaining and p flirg this Act, of the Plans, Surveys, and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards d e making, completing, improving, and maintaining the said Reservoirs and Aqueducts, and other requifuc W rks and Conveniencirs thereto, and for otherwise carrying the frveral Purpi fes of this Act into Execution; and the said Sum of Sixty thou End Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and Rich Shares shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the several Persons and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate so subscribing and contributing to the fame, and their several and respective Executors, Admindlrators, S icctffors, and Assign', and to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, %pd Collegiate, and all Persons whosoever, their several and respective Suc-ceffars. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who final! severally fub-scribe so One or more Share or Shares, or such Sunn or Sums of Money as shall bs called for and demanded by virtue of this Act, for carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money io by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors, by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiaie, and Person having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein-afer directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares of and in the said Und.rtaking, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed and taken to be personal Estate, and trans-mifiibic as tuch, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of January next ensuing, no Proprietor shall be deemed qualified to vote, who has not posselled his or her Share or Shares, and been entered in the Books of the said Company as the Possessor and Proprietor of such Share and Shares for the Space of Two Calendar Months; and that no Proprietor who has not possessed his or her Share or Shares for the said Space of Two Calendar Months shall be entitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, under Pain of forfeiting his or her said Share or Shares to the Use of the said Company: Provided also, that no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote for any Share or Shares unless he or she pofEffes the fame Iona fide, and in his or her own Right, and not as the Right or Property of any other Person whom-ibever, upon Pain of forfeiting the said Share or Shares to the Use of the said Company.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before authorized to be raised shall be found inefficient for the making, completing, and maintaining, of the said Reservoirs and aqueducts, and other the Works hereby authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful

Shares to be

Personal

Estate.

Proprietors net entitled t® v. te unless possessed of their shares Two Ca endaf Mouths,

Power te raise among themselves a further Sum if necessary.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietor* to raise and contribute amongl themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in iuth Sharrs and P. portions as to them shall seem meet, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for < rnnpieting and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Su-n of Fifty thousand Pounds; and every Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and every Person being a Subic iber towards raising tuch further or ocher Sum of Money, shall he a Proprietor in the Lid Undertaking, and shall have alike Vote by thi-mselves, hitnlclf, or herfcif, in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the said additional Sum to be raised (but not exceeding Eight Votes in the Whole), and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures and (land interelUd in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Sum they, he, or (he shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised had originally been Part of the said Surri of Sixty thousand Pounds, any Thing herein conc.ined to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall be desirous of raising the said Sum [of Fifty thousand Pounds or-any Pjrt thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Pa~c of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and to align the Property of the said Undertaking, and the Sums of Money arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (rhe Cells and Charges of aligning the same to be paid out of such Sums of Money), as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be bor-rowid, with fnrereft to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trufiee or Trustees, who shall advance the fame j all which said Alignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors in the Form or to the Effect following; (chat is to say),

‘ U? Y virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third, intituled, "An Act [here insert the Title ‘ of this AliJ We, the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking,

‘ incorporated by and under the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

to hs in Hand paid by A.B. of do hereby, bargain, fell, and assign, unto the said ‘ A.B. his Executors, Admimlliators, and Aligns, the find Undertaking ‘ and all the W’oiks. thereto belonging, and aii and Angular the Sunu of ‘ Money arising and payable to us for Water, by virtue of the said Act,

‘ and all our Estate, Right, Title, and Intcrelt of, in, and to the laine,

* to hold unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns,

‘ until, the said Sum of with Interest for the lame

‘ at er the Rate, of per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid

and fatitfied. Given under our Common Seal, this ‘ Dry if in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And all Persons to whom such Alignment shall be made shall be equally entitled one with the other to their Proportion of the said Sums and Pre-mi es, according to the respective Sums in such Alignments respectively

mentioned

49° GEORGII * XII. C&p. 192.

mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of any such Alignments, or on any other Account; and a Memorial of every such Alignment, containing the Date, Name or Names,

Addition or Additions, of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed and Rate of Int.-rest, shall within Thirty Days from the Date of every such Assignment, be entered in One or more Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, and shall and may

be perufedat all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors

of the said Undertaking, and any other Persons intcrefled therein, without

Fee or Reward; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment which Mo>t.

shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled tb the Money due gaeenuybe

thereon, shall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their air‘sned

Right or Interest therein to any P. rfon or Persons, by Writing under his,

her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which Transfer shall and

may be in the Form or to the Eff.dt following11; (that is to say),

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of Form of

» paid by C.D. of do hereby A.fcgame»t»

* transfer a certain Mortgage, made by " The Company of Proprietors

« of Tie Manchester and Salford Waterworks," to

* bearing Date the Day of

for (Vcuring the Sum of and all Interest now due and

4 to become due thereon, and all my Right and Property therein, to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assign«. Dated this 4 Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof be produced to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof in like Manner as the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which Memorial the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall from thenceforth entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage-, and it shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall ha^e made any such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage, or any Money thereby fccuicd, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which inters to be shall be borrowed or raised by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be provided for raiti n,lf-and paid Half Yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, before any yearIy’ yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided.

IX. Provided always, That no Person to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgagee*'

Alignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a C°°*

Proprietor of any Share, or be capable of acting or voting by virtue of Proprietor! of such Mortgage or Assignment at any Assembly or Meeting of the said shar«-Company of Proprietors, for or on account of his or her having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of any such Assignment,

[LocM Per.-] 44 T

X, Pro-

4©Va 49* GEORGII III. Cap. i92.

Notice to be X. provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Mo*

ney so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and discharged ney.° ° (five and except with the Consent of the Person or Persons so lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money) unless Six Calendar Months previous Notice, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors shall h^vebcen given to the Person or Persons lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his, her, or their last or ufua’ Plate or Places of Abode, of such their Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

Shares may be

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fold. for the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their ref.

ptftive Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; the Conveyance of which Shares (Hall be in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet:

I A.B. in Connderation of paid to me by C.D. of

‘ do herthy bargain, fell, assign, and transfer to the said C. D.

* the Sum of Capital Stock of and in ‘ The Manchester and

* Salford Waterworksbeing Part [cr, the Whole, as the Cofe may he]

* of my Share or Shares] in the said Undertak ng, to hold to the said

■* C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the lame Conditions that

* I held the lame immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said

* C- D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock or Share

* subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As

•* Witness our Hands and Seals, the Day of

And on every such Sale, the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Shate or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for his, her. or their Security, after the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entertd in a proper Book or Books to be kept for thac Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Ul'e of the said Company, and shall have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of S tie or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid to the said Clerk, and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Me-r, morial shall have been made and entered as above directed,|such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Prt firs of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Snares paid co him, her, or them, or any Vote in rt-lpeft thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking; but upon such Entry bting made, such Purchaser shall become entitled to all the R'ghis, Privileges, and Advantages of a Proprietor in the said Undertakirg.

No Share shall

XII. And be it further enacted, Thar af er any Call of such Money shall have ^Cn mac^c by the Directors appointed by virtue of this Act, in Man-Muncyi$ paid, ner by this Act directed, no Person or Persons Pnall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall pc (Pels in the said Undertaking, on pain of forfeiting his, her, or their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, in Try ft for the Benefit of

49° GEORG 11 Iin 1 Cap. 192. 4°.f?

of Ihe said Company of Proprietors, unless he, she, or they, at the Time of such S le or Transfer, flaall have pair) and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Sha e lb fold or tran*-ferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared at a General or Special General Assembly of the said Company in Manner by this Act directed.

rxill. And whereas in Cases where the original Subscriber or Subscribers ^Vie "ro-"' of One or more Share or Shares in the Lid Undertaking shall die, become p, (etorship of insolvent, or bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his, her, or their Right and Inrerrft to some other Person or Persons, and no Register shall be made of the Transfer thereof with the said Clerk, as directed by this Act, it may not be in the Power of ne said Company of Proprietors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them Notice or Notices of Caiis made on such Share of-Shares as is hereby requited, and to maintain an Action or Actions, against him, her, or them for the Recovery of the fame, cr for the Purpose of lately paying to him, her, or them, the Interred or Dividends to which he, she, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; he it therefore enacted, That in all the Cases aforesaid, where the Right and Property in One or mote Sh-ire or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pals from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, as herein diredetl, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons before a Mailer or Mailers Extraordinary in Chancery, or before One of H s Majesty's Justices of the Peace, (fating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons; and such Affidavit shall be (ranfmiuec! to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that he may, and he is hereby requ red to enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or Lift of Proprietors in ihe f.,id Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the said Clerk •, and that in all rr any of the said Cales it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General Meeting, after Three Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Person or Persons, claiming by such Affidavit to be Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, in case such Person or Persons shall not have paid his, her, or their Proportion of the Money becoming due and payable by virtue of any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three Times, at Intervals of Fourteen Days between each Adverdfement, in One or more of the Man-chtjier and London Newspapers, to declare at any General Assembly or Specia' General Assembly, the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited; and in such Case, the same shall be and become forfeited and fold, and dif-pbfed of in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said^Company.

XIV. And for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the said R-oprictfr. Undertaking, as to their respective Shares therein; lie it further enadsd, and Number That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required °o heentoed* to cause the Names and ptoper Additions of the several Persons who in a Boole.

shall

4-°4f

first and otter General Afltoibliet.

C ficers of the Company and Court of Director).

49° GEORGII III. Cap. f91.

shall1 hen be entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the

Number of the Shares which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proptr Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fail ly and dillinfily entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors; and after such Entry made, the said Company of Proprietors shall cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be dili-vered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or fne is entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the said Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more for every such Certificate or Instrument} and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his or her Executors, Adminin.strators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Wane of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevenc the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof} and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced, worn out, or damaged, or shall have been lost or destroyed, then and in every such Case, another Certificate or Instrument shall be made out and entered by the said Clerk on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution, shall be holden at the Royal Oak Inn, in the Town of Manchester, upon the Second Thursday next after the pifling of this Act, or as loon after as conveniently may be, ac the Hour ol Eleven in the Forenoon, and all future General Aflfemblics of the said Company (except such Special General Assemblies as hrrein-after mentioned) shall beholden upon the First Thursday in the Months of January and July in every Year, at the Miur or Eleven in the Forenoon, at i’uth Place or Plates as the said Company of Proprietors ac their pitcediig G neral Asseru-blies, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, of whuh future General AflVmbT.es Twenty Days previous Notice at leatt shall be given by pubhek Advertisemt nt, to be inserted in One or more of the Man beJer and London Newspaper>, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors at their respefbve General AflVinblies shall direct; and at such General Assemblies ic shall be the Duty of the Directors of the said Company to report to the Proprietors at large, the St^te of the said Undertaking, and their Proceedings in carrying this Act into Execution, which Report shall be fairly entered into the B ioks of the Corporation, by the Clerk, and a Copy of the lame be left at their Head Office, for the Perulal of the Proprietors, who shall have Access thereto during such Hours as the said Office is usually open.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their First General Assembly, or at any Adjournment of the fame, nominate and appointfry Ballot Thirteen Peribnsof and out of the said Company of Proprietor', to be Directors for conducing the Business of the said Undertaking, until the General Assembly of the said Company, to be holden on the First Thursday in the Month of January then next ensuing; but no Person shall be capable of being choion or of acting as such Direffor, unless he shall hold and be possessed of Ten Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking: Provided always,

mat

4°4 5

40* GGEORGII III. Cap. 19*.

.• 1 ’ I

that fio Person holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contrail under-the fa‘d Company, shall be capable of being chosen or acting as a Director during the Time of his Continuance in such Piace, Office, Employment* or holding such Contract, except as herein-after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, at their General and Special General Assemblies, shall and may appoint a Chairman, and such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor, bur in case of an Equalicy of Votes, shall have the decisive or catting Vote.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Thirteen Director* so nominated and appointed, or the Person or Persons appointed in their Room or Stead respectively, by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Office until the F rft Thursday in the Month of January next, after such Nomination and Appointment-, and on such Day Four of the said Directors shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company; and in order to determine who of the said Directors shall go out or ,;nce and cease to be Directors of the said Company, the Clerk o; the la. i Company, at a Meeting of the then Directors of the said C irnpany, l'werity-one Days at lead previous to the said General Assemb.y, to be holden as before menuoned, shall, and he is hereby required to write upon Thirteen distinct Pieces of Paper, of equal Szr, ihe Name of one of each of the said Directors; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Four of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel, by such Clerk, one by one; and the Four D redors who. Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall po out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Company; and the said Company shall then nominate and appoint Four other Members of the said Company, who shall severally be pol-sessed o and entitled to Ten Shares at the lead, in the said Undertaking, and such Four Persons so appointed shall continue in Office for the $.>:. ;■£ of Three Years (except in case of Death or Reftifal to ad or to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed) and no longer; and on the Fird Tkterfday in the next succeeding Month of January Four more of the Directors fird nominated and appointed by virtue of t ;s Ad, as T.rectors, or the Person or Persons nominated or appointed in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of liieYaid Company; and in order to determine who of the remaining Nine original Directors shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Company; the Clerk of the said Company, at a Meeting or the then remaining Nine original Directors of the said Company, Twenty-one Days at lead previous to the General Assembly to be holden in the said Month of January lad before mentioned, shall and he is hereby required to write upon Nine didinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of One of each of such Nine Directors; and all loch Papers shall be rolled of in the fune Form, as near as may be, and put into a Box or Wheel by such Clerk; and Four of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one; and the Directors whole Names shall be upon fjch Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out of Office and cease to be Di-[Loc. Idf Per.} 44 Z rector,-

Chairman to be appointed.

Subfequeat Appointment O! Director* (bjr the Proprietors) in the Room of those going out of Oihce by koUtiou.

4046 49* GEORGII hi. Cap. 197.

rectors of the said Company; and the said Company shall then nominate and appoint Four other Members of the said Company, qualified at aforesaid, to be Directors of the said Company in the Room or Stead of Xuch Four Directors; and such Four Persons (b nominated and appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed) and no longer; and on the First Thursday in the next succeeding Month of January the Five remaining Directors first nominated and appointed determined by virtue of this Act as Directors, or the Person or Persons nominated or appointed in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and ceale to be Directors of the said Company; and the said Company shall, at their General Assembly to be holden on that Day, nominate and appoint such Five other Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be Directors of the said Company, in the Room or Scead of such Five Directors; and such Five Persons so nominated and appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case o( Death or Kefufu! to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed) and no longer j and on the first Thursday in every fuccerding Month of ’January in each and every Year, four or Five new Directors, as the Cale may require, out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be nominated and appointed determined by the said Company, in the Room of the Four or Five Directors whose C mtinuance in Office shall have expired \ and such Four or Five new Directors shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case ot Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act d.rected) and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietcus again to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons, so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, to be a Director or Directors of the said Company.

Tn case Directors not appointed on the Day mentioned, another Meeting to be had for that Purpose.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in C3fe on any such Thursday in the Month of January in any Year, no such Nomination and Appointment of such Four or Five Directors shall be made, then and in every such Case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Thursday following, for the Purpose of making such Election; and in case no such Nomination and Appointment of such Four or Five Directors shall be then made, then and in every such Case another Meeting of the said Company fn.di be holden on the ‘Thursday following, for the Purpose of making such Eiedion, and so toties quoties, until such Four or Five Directors shall be cholen; but such Four or Five Directors shall not continue in Office, or be Directors of the said Company, fur any longer Space of Time than if they had been cltded on the said Fiift Thursday in the Month of January as aforesaid.

Anointment

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons ot Directors nominated and appointed by the said Company as a liiredor or Directors (by the Pro- of the said Company, shall die or relufe toad in the Execution of this Act, tlicRoomof or ^all not be, or cease to be entitled to Ten Shares at the lead in the those who said Undertaking, or shall hold any Place, Office, Employment, or Connie to^act*"or tra<^ under the said Company, then and in every such Case it shall and become dif- jliay be lawful to and for the said Company to nominate and appoint, at ‘‘u#liicd* 5 tome

4047

49* GEORGGIt III. Cap. 192.

some Assembly of the said Company, some Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid to be a Director or Directors of the said Company, in the Room or Stead of the Director or Directors so dying or refusing to act, or ceasing to be so qualified, or holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contrail, under the fame Company; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Person in whose Room or Stead he shall be so nominated and appointed, and shall continue in Office as a Director for such Time, and no longer than the Directo1-, in whose Room or Stead he shall be so nominated or appointed, would have continued in Office.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any such General Assembly

there shall not be Ten Persons present who shall be possessed of or entitled cho0fing Di-unto at lead Two Hundred Shares in the whole in the said Undertaking, reitorstj such General Assembly of the said Company shall be adjourned ro the sh"?^.01 2°* next Thursday, to be holden at the same Place, and so from Time to Time until there shall be such Ten Persons present at such General Assembly having such Number of Shares as aforesaid; and in case of Failure of the assembling of a sufficienc Number of Proprietors having such Shares at such General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such second or adjourned General Assembly, shall forfeit and pay to the fail Company for every Share which he or she shall poflVfs in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Five Shillings, to be deducted out of his or her next fucteeding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking, as the Case may happen; and in calc no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to Inch Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then and in such Cale such Penalty and Forfeiture of Five Shillings shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as any other Penalty or Forteiture imposed by this Act may be levied and recovered: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Directors to remit any Fine or Forfeiture incurred by any Proprietor for Non-attendance at such adjourned General Assembly, if they shall think fit (b to dc.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Director shall hold any Con- No ntreotor, tract, or enjoy any Place of t rofit created by this Act, or be beneficially ^.to^bc employed, or in any Manner interfiled or concerned, directly or indirectly, any contract, in supplying any Articles or Materials f ir the Use of the said Company, 5ic-except such Stone Pipes as shall be made Use of by the said Company for conveying Water and otherwise effecting the Purpoes of this Act; and in case any Director shall hoid any Con r dt, or enjoy any Place of Profit created by

this Act, or shall be in any Manner beneficially employed or concerned, directly or indirectly, in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Company, except as aforesaid, every such Director shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record ac Westminster, by Act'.on of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoian,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of such Penalty when recovered shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame, and the other Moiety

(halt

4°45 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

shall be paid to the said Company, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Person or Persons so convicted shall be absolutely tiifqua-fified from acting any longer as a Director or Directors of the lan.; Company; and no Director interested in ar.y such Contract, Matter, ci Thing as aforesaid, except as before excepted, shall vote in any Question touching or concerning the same.

Pow«-« to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprie-

General tors shall have Power and Authority, at any fuel; General AlLmbly, to

Ai.emuiei. remove and displace any Director nominated and appointed by vi ue of this Act, and from Time to Time to nominate and appoint another Person or other Persons in his or their Room or Stead; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special General Assembly, to order and dispol'e of the Custody ot their Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof, and to make 1 ch R les, Bye-Laws and Orders, for the good Government of the said Company, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and from Tune to Time to alter and repeal the said Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or any of them, and to impole and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against the lame, as to Rich General or Special General Assembly shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any One Offence; and all such Rults, Bye-Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company, and printed, shall be binding upon and obRrved by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the lame, provided that the fame be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this net contained, or to any of them; and all such Rules, Bye-Laws, and Orders shall be subject to Appeal] in Manner herein directed; and every such General and Special General Assembly shall have Power to call for, audit, and settle all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on Account of the said Undertaking, by the Treasurers, Receivers, or Collectors of any Money for the said Company, and other Officers by th> m appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, employed by or concerned for or under them, in and about the said Undertaking, and the Works thereto belonging } and the said Company shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places as shall at any such General or Special General Assembiies be thought proper and convenient.

(^Proprietors

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear

may be that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be holden, it shall be lawful for any Five of the said Proprietors, pois-ffing in the Whole One Hundred Shares in the said Undertaking, to cauic Fourtetfi Days Notice at lealt to be given of such Special General AlitnibR, in One or more of the Manchester and London Newspapers, or in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any Central Assembly direct cr appoint, specifying in Rich Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting such Special General Assembly, and the Time when, and the Place wiiere, the same shall be holden; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as

shall

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192. 4049-

shall be preffnt ac such Special General Assembly, shall proceed ro the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to ;h said Company erf Pro-p• Grots, with respect to such Matters alone as shall be specified in such Notice*, and all loch Acts, Orders, or Determinations of the Proprietors, or the major P^rt of them so met together, ar every such Special General AflemHiy, (provided that there be Ten Proprietors present who shall be p-.ffefled of ac lead Two hundred Shares in the said Uundertaking), shall bea< valid with respect to the Matters Ipectfitd in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at any dated General Assembly.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said o*crr»Mfht Company of Proprietors, at any General A(fembly, to nominate and ap- Corjuw t^> point u der the Common Seal of the said Company,- a Treasurer of Trea- e W01011 furers. Engineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors,

and such other Officers as to them the said Company of Proprietors shall ferm proper, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasur-rs, Engineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clerk', Collector or Col-left r<, r other Officers, or any of them, and to nominate and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead in Manner aforesaid, r-'king such Security from every such Treasurer, Engineer,

Clerk. Collector, or other Officer, for the due Execution of their respective Offi es, and granting them such Salary or CotnpenfaMon as the said Company ot Proprietors shall think proper; and such Clerk or Clerks (h ill, in a proper Book or Books to be provided by the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Un. dei-raking, and of the frveral Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owt ers and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares theren, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Tranl’actions of the said Company of Proprietors and Directors respectively; and each of the said Pro pnrior* of the said Undertaking shall and may at all Times have recourse toandperufe and inspect the lame, and also the Book or Books to be kepe by the Chief or oihcr Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, paying the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied •, and it any such Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall rfulV to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors so interested as aforesaid to inspect or pirfule such Book or Books of Proceedings at all convenient’

Times and Sea'ons, or reiufe ro make any such Copy or Copies at the

Rate or Pr.ce aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

any Sum noc exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful lo For appoint

ar.d for the said Directors to suspend or remove any Treasurer, Engineer !n*

Clerk, Collector, Officer, or Servant of the said Company, fur aoy°Neg- vacanc.w! lent, Misconduct. or Inability, and to appoint fume other Person in their

r< spec.ive Plaers, anc also to fill up the Vacancies that may occur by Death, Resignarion, oi otherwise; but in case any such new Appointment shall be made by the said Diteftors, the same shall only Continue* until the next General or Special General Afltmbly of the said Propriety. g when the Appointment of such Person shall either be confirmed, ur such other fii Person shall be appointed to succeed to such Office as the said £L«, & Per.] 45 A " p 0.

40 5°

49e GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

Proprietors, at such General or Special General Assembly, shall think proper.

officers, &c.to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer, Engi-

account, neer. Clerk, Colledoir, and all other Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall under their Hands at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or the said Directors shall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how mi ch thereof hath been paid and dil-burlrd, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint; and if any such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer, or Person, shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons_ as they rei'pedi.vely shall appoint, within Twenty Days after being, tjiereunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Directors, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Powei:. relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refute or ntgled to pay such Monies a« ppon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be iq respective Hands, to the said Company of Pro-pnetors, or to the said Diiedors, or as they respectively shall dirtd or appoint, then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may, and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or caole ro be brought, any Action or Actions against the Treasurer, Engineer, Cl rk, Collector, Officer or Offi ers, Person or Persons, so neglecting 1 r refusing, as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in'he Hands of such Teaturer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Offi r-rs, Person or Persons respectively j or it Complaint shall be made by the ie d Company of Proprietors, or by the said Directors, or by such Person or P, rfon6 as they respectively shall appoint for tnal Purpose, of any such Rcfuial or Neglect as aforesaid, to any 1 wo or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Ciry, or Place wherein. the said. TresE rer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person pr Perkins so negedingor refusing shall be or reside, luth Juthces may, and they aic hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warranty under their Hards and Seals, to cause the Treasurer, Engineer, Cltik; CuHcctqif, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting ;to be brought bef e them, and upon his, he', or their appearing, or having been summoned . no not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a luminary Way; and if, upon the Co fession of the Pa tv or Pa ties, or by the Tefiimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses up. n Oath, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the-Hands ul such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Offices, 7 Pa ion

A

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

Person o-P rfons, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized ami jequired, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Srals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no G ods or Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and fati'fv the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the fame, or it such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall (till perfilt in re-sufi >g or neglecting to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as afi rrldtd, to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the fair! Directors, or as they respectively shall appoint, then, and in any of the Cases afore-fiid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol (or such C lunty. City, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mffnprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or w th the said Directors, and shall have paid such Com-P fi ion in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give i>a 1 faction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the fain Directors: Provided always, that no Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer, or Person so committed, for want of sufficient Distress, shall be confined 01 detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space than Three Calendar Months.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Direibr shall have more than One Vote at any Meeting of the said Directors, except ihe Chairman, who, in case of an Equality of Votes upon any Qucffion, which may be agitated at any Meering of the said Directors, shall have the calling Vote; and all the Power' and Authorities hereby veiled in, or directed to be exercised by the said Director', may be done and exercised by the major P»rt of them present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being le(s than Three; and the said Directors shall, from Tune to Time, make Reports of their Proceedings to'the said General Assembiies, and if required, to tlesaid Special General Aiumbltes of the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions; and the said Ditedlors shall (subject, nevertheless, at all lime', to such Orders and Directions as aforesaid) meet at such Times and P aces, and shall, from Time to Time, adj >urn themlclvesto such other Times and Places as they shall think fit and the said Directors shall and may contiait for and ag'ee with any Body Politic, Corpo ate or Collegia e, or any Person or Pctfons, being Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or intertH d therein, and willing to fell or let the fame for the Putchale or Rent of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, that may be wanted for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, and the Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may, on behalf of the said Company cf Proprietors, Iwtle, adjust and determine ail Matters, Qi r(lions, and Differences, which shall or may arile between the said Company of Proprietors, and the several Owners of and Persons in-ten lied in any Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments, vvnich may be wanted d imaged, or ufleited, by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby oranre. and shall and may n ake Contrails, Agrectn- nt', and Bargains, with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned

Powers of Directors.

4° 5*

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 192,

Cfrned in making, completing, or continuing the Works belonging to the said Undertaking, and all and every Part or Parcs thereof} and the said Directors shall (subject, nevertheless, to the Orders and Directions of such General or Special General Assemblies as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to direct and manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors} and the said Directors shall, by themselves or the Clerk ro the said Company of Proprietors, keep a full and true Account of all Money disbursed, and Payments made by the said Directors, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on behalf or in *espect of the said Undertaking, from any Collector or Collectors, or ocher Officer or Officers, or from any other Petfoa or Persons whomsoever, employed in, or having any Concerns, Dealings or Tranlactions with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and shall regularly, by themselves or rheir Clerks as aforesaid, write, inlert, and enter in a Book or Books, to be from Time to lime provided at the Expence of the said Company of Pro. prietors for that Purpose, Minutes or Copies (as the Case shall require) of every such Contract, Bargain, Receipt, and Dish irlement, and of all other their Orders and Proteedings; which Book or Books shall be deposited with and kept locked up, under the Care and Direction of the said Directors ;Provided always, that every Proprietor shall have free Access thereto, upon every reasonabf Desire, for his and het Inspection } and the said Directors shall have power, from Time to Time, to make such Call or Calls for Money from the Subscribers to, and Ptopiiecors of, the said Undercaking, to defiay the Expences of, or to ca ry on the fame, as the said Directors from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon each Share} and such Calls shall not be made but ac the Diltame of Thirty Days at least from each other, and Twenty-one Days Notice at the lraft shall be given of all such Calls a-, aforesaid, by Advertisement, in fomc Newlpapet or Newspapers usually circulated in Manchester, and the City of Lcndtn, or in such other Manner as the said C nnpany ol Proprietors shall, at any General Assembly, direct and appoint; pruvied that it shall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Proprietor& who shall h.ve paid to the said Company, in obedience to the lam Calls or otherwise, the iull Amount of tin- Sum or Sums, which by his, her, cr their Subscriptior, he, she, or they had undettiken to pay so< ho, her, or their said Share or Shares} anti every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, he, or their rateable Pr-portions- f the Monies to be called for s aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at inch Time and Place as the said Directors shall from 1 irae to Time - rder and direct; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to piy his, her, or their r 'teable or proportionable Part of thefnd Money id called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place app tinted by the said Directors, or within Thirty Dayspiext enfoing, he, fh.-, or they so neglecting or retufing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten S ihings < r every Share h , Ihe, ortiiey shall have in the said Undertaking; and f Ju h Person or Pulons hull continue n neglecr or refute to pay ins, her, or the r ra cable Cali or Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of 1 hrte Calendar Mouths next after the Time f t appointed for Payment, thereof, then hr, fne, or they so neglecting cr refuting, shall forfeit his, her, oniieir respective Share and Shares in the said Undo taking, and all the Profi.s *,d Benefits thereof; all which Shares so forfeited shall be verted

in

49° GEORGII III. Cap. iq*.

in the fail! Compnnyof Proprietors, in Trust for and for the Benefit of a!T the •rt-fl of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall ac the Discretton of any of the said Gcneaf o Special General Assemblies, be publicly fold for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietor^, whose Shires and Inrereib fhdl not ha^e been forfeited as af > eld'd: Provided nevenhclels, lhac no Advsnt ge shall be taken bfWy Forfeiture of any Share or Share?, until Ten Days Notice ih ill be-givro to or left ar the usual or la(f Place or Pi ires of Abosfl* of the Owner or OwnersoffuchSiareorShsri.srespectv.-lv, provided tu.hPace or Patesof Abode shall be known to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, nor 0 'til the fame Share or ShS’es shall like wife have been de-<cl-.red to be forfeired at forne General or Special General Assembly of the iatd Company of Proprietors.

XXIX. P ovid.ed always, and be it enacted, Thar the respfclive Persons who have fu feribrd, or who shall hereafter subscribr or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Poprieto'S < f any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall and they are hereby requi ed to pav the Sum or Sums by them rc-spetlively fobfer bid, (or fuel) Part anti Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the Directors of the said Company of Pro-p'ictors, by virt e of he Powers and Directions of this Act), at such Times and I'laces, and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Directors ■, and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect nr refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place, and in Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to fuc for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought by the said Company of Proprietors against any Person or Persons who hath or have fu.iscribed, or who fit ill hereafter fubl'cribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or against any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to rtc ver any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company of Proprietors, for or by reaion of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and allege rhat the Defendant or Defendants, being an Owner or Owners, a Propr'e or or Proprietors cf such or so many Share or Shares in the said Und rtaking, is or arc indebted to the said Company of Proprietors, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount unto, for so much or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of M<mey, upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the f.iid Defendant or Defendants, (as the Case may I e) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Acr, without setting forth the special Matter; and oti the 1 tialof such Action it Ih'all only by necessary to prove thac the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time ct making such Call or Calls, was or were an Ownef or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertakinu, and that loth Call or Calls was or were in Fift made in punuance of The Directions of this Act, and that such Norice thereof was given as is directed by this Act p and the said Company of Proprietors shall thereupon been-tirled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any ftrch Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds

45 B or

4°55

Subfer ber< to pay their Sutr-feriptiens.

Directing the Proceedings in Actions for Calls.

4054

On the Death «f Subferiber* their Executors may complete the Payment of their Share*.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 192;

or was made within the Distance of Thirty Days from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid j and after Judgement shall be given for the said Company of Proprietors in any such Action, Execution thall not be flayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unit is such Defendant or Defendants fh .11 with Two sufficient Sureties, first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgement shall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the said Gotnpa.iy of Proprietors by such Judgement, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Elicit; and also,if the said Judgement be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-prossed, tofatisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Cofts adjudged by the said Judgement, and all Colts and Damages to be awarded for Delay otExecution.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum or Sums to be advanced on any Share or Shares, which he, she, or they shall have been possess'ed of or entitled to, withe ut having made Provision, by Will or otherwil'e, how and in wr-at Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what M am the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in lu. h C ate the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person 01 Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all and every other Prfon or Pe fons whomfuever, for or on A count of his or her having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when cal ed for as aforesaid to complete every such Subscription •, and it such deceastd 0*ner or Owners shall not hive left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executors < r Admini-stracors, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or C mimictetS, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer loch Calls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be and they are hereby authorized and requtrrd to admit any o'her Person or Persons 10 be Proprietor or Pruprittors ot he Share or Shares of such deceased Ownrr or Owners, on Condition that he, she, or they so admirted, do and shall, on or before such Admilfi >n, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deccated Owner or Owners, or to the 'I rullee cr Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Intams, or to any other Pctfun or Person' who may be entitled to his her, or their EffeCb, the full Sum or Sums ot Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her, or their Lite-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Sh-re or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Monty as the fame can be sold for; and in case no Person or Persons shall be fuund who is or or are willing to be admitted on such Condition as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the rest of the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in Trust for and for the equal B nefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in prop rtion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject ;o be fold and dilpcfed of in Lke Manner as other forfeited Shaies may be fold and disposed ot by vuiue of this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.\gi.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it (ha 1 and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and thei* Successors, by themselvei, their Deputies, Officers, Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Assistants, to milt-, complex, and maintain Waterworks, Aqoedufts, Reservors, Water Wheels, Steam Engines, and other Engines, Pipes, and other Work , neerssary for the Purposes of this Act, in the said Towns of Man-thtsier and Salford, by Means of such Works, for supplying the fame respectively with Water from the River Medlock, at or near Holt Town, and not higher up the Srrram of the said River Medlock than the Place where the sljhtcn Canal now crosses the fame near Holt Town aforesaid; and the said Company are hereby fully empowered by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to supply the said intended Waterworks aqueducts, Relervoirs, and other Works, whillt the same shall be making, and at all Times for ever after the same shall be made, with Water fom the River Medlock, at or near Holt Town, and not high r up the Scream of the said River Medlock than the Place where the Ajbion Canal now crosses the fame, and to make such and so many Feeders, Tunnels, and Shafts, and to make, erect, and fee up such and so many Sluices, Weirs, Engines, Steam Engines, and other Machines, for supplying the said Waterwoiks with Water, and for any other Purposes, for the making, maintaining, and using of such Waterworks, as they the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, shall from Time to Time think proper and expedient; and for the Purpose of diffributing such Water to the different Inhabitants, and effectuating the several Purpose* of this Act, ir shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and to and for their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to dig and break up the Soil and Pavement of any of the Roads, Highways, Footways, Commons, Streets, Lanes, AHevs Paffige.s, and public Places within the said Towns, and to fink and lay Pipes, Trunks, and other Conveniencies, for the Purposes afore-laid, and to pu: Stop Coeks, or Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, Trunks, and other Conveniences, in such Places and in such Manner as Hull be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and from Time to Time to alter the Pofidon of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Trunks, Stop Cocks, and Plugs, and to do all such Afte, Matters, and Things, as they the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, fh dl f om Time to Time and at any Time thi k necessary and convenient for co nplcting, amer ding, repairing, improving, and dfing the Works auihotized oy t/iis Act to be done and provided, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to make such Engines, Houses, and other Works, and ad such Citterns, Ponds, Basons, Main Pipes, Rider Pipes, Hand Pipes, Stand Pipes, Service Pipes, Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Cocks in common. Stop Cocks, Valves, Eire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks, Mains, Feeders, Pampers, and Pumps, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think requisite for the several Purposes of the said Undertaking; and also from Time to Time to divert, alter, repair, widen, enlarge, amend, and discontinue the fame, they the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Deputies, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, doing as little Damage as may be in Execution of the Powers hereby granted to them, and making full Satisfaction for any Damages thereby occasioned.

4°55

Power to compete

Waterwo rki.

4^5 6

The Maney

belonging to miv Bodiej Pot tic, etc. how to heap-plicii in case above seal.

If 1' Ts than ~ the Sum of aoot. anti abate 20I.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sum or Sams ftf Money which shall be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thtreof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Sum or Sums of Morey Hull, in case the 1, me shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed pe paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, ro be placed to his Account there ex parte " Eh; Company of Pr prietors of ike Man. lifter and Saiftrd Watn works", to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Pennon to be preferred in a fom-mary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been eftrit'ed to the Kents and Profits of the said Lartcs, Tenements, arid Her. dir.me T', in the Redemption or Put chafe of the Land Tax, or toward; the DHchurge of any Debt or Debts, cr Inch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, at the said Court shall auther ze to be paid, affecting the Line Lands, Tenements, or Heredit imems, cr affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fe ttled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, a d PurpoLs; or whtre such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inveded. u d r the like Direction and Ap-p ob men of the fam Courr, in the Purchase of othr r Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled t , for, and upon such and the I ke Ul'es Truss, Intents, and Purposes, and in Hie same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Huedirarm nts which shall he so purchaltd, tak n, croud as aforesaid, Itood tctrled or limned, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement final 1 be existing, undetermintd, and capable ot raking Elicft; and in the Meantime, and until lu> h Pu chale lha I be m ine, me said Money Hull, by Ordrr of the said Court ot Chancery, upon Application thereto, be tn-vrlled by the Lid Accountant General, in h s Name, in the Pi ictiafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consol dated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the Meantime, and umil tiic iaiu link Annuities shall be ordered by the said lou t to be f Id, for the Pur-pcf'cs ah resaid, the Dividends and annual Produ e of the Lid Consolidated or Reduced Bark Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Ped n or Persons who would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the la d Lands, Tenements, ano Hereditaments lohe eby dirtfted to be puichai'cd, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money to be paid for any Lands, 1 elements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or ufed1 for the Purposes of this Act, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person cr Perfors under Disability or I cap city as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pound', and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cates the Lrr.e shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being cntiiled to the Rems and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trusttts, or other Person or Petii ns acting as such, to be signified in Writing under their rtlptclive Hands, be paid into the Bank

of

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

of" England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant Gemra! of the High Court oi Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Perl’on or Perfms making I'uch Option, and approved of by Two or more of the said Company of Proprietors, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends aiifing therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein.before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purport's of this Act, as the said Company of Proprietors or any Two or more of them shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, and to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively j and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Proprietors shall direct the same to be paid, shall be sufficienc D.scharges for the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premil'es, to the Satisfaction of the said Company or any Two or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Ptr-fons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company or any Two or more of them, to order the Lid Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into th- Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court, which the said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Wav of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Courtshall Lem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to oriiqr Distribution thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, find to make such other Order in the Premiss as to the said Court shall seem jult and reasonable; and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and ate hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for

[hoc. Ssf Per.3 45 C such

4057

The Application thereof if less than aou

In case of not miking out Titles, Scc»,

4 °5S

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

wher^c^H^

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any ?'sYo Title, Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be l'(ow the P*ur- paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivuy of the fliilUie Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this A cl, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities, to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Inrereli of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in PuiTclurm of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully intitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Pcfltffion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and alto the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Pcflclfion was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully intitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Inerclt thertin.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by

Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame (halLbe required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uies in pursuance thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Steam Engine XXXIX-. And be it further enacted, That the Furnace of every Steam t°n°Srackeit* ^nc'ne to be erected by the said Company of Proprietors shall be con-'v " e‘ llrudted upon the Principle of conluming its own Smoke.

Private lands, XL- Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall autho-*c- not to be rize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Per-•ut'conftnt* fonsadling by or under their Authority, to make any Aqueduct, Tunnel, Feeder, or other Works, for the Supply of Water, across, or over, or to enter into or upon the private Lands and Grounds of any Body Politic, Corporaie, or Collegiate, or of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or to injure or affect the Rights or Privileges of any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors, entitled to a Participation in the Use of the Water of the said River Medlock, or pclfcfled of or entitled to any Mills, Dye Houses, Collieries, or other Works, or of any Person or Persons, Proprietor or 5 Proprietors,

The Court

may o*der reafoiiabk Exfences ot Purchases t*> be paid by Proprietors.

49® GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

Proprietors, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on either Side of the said River Medlock, without the Contenc of the 0.wher or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

XLI. Provided always, That whereas there now are within ornear unto the said Town of Manchester, several Closes and Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, in which or Part of which there are several Streets, called o-known by the Names of Camp Street, Charles Street, St. John Street, Byrom Street, Great John Street, Little John Street, Atherton Street, and fevcial other Streets or intended Streets, which said several Closes and Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, and the said several Streets or intended Streets are the private Lands and Grounds, and Property of Henry Atherton Esquire, Ann his Wife, and Eleanora Byrom Spinster; be it enacted.That nothing in this Act contained,shall authorize orempcwir the said Company of Proprietors, or their several SuccdTurs, Eixecutors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to make any Aqueduct, Tunnel, Feeder, Pipe or Pipes, or other Works whatever for the Supply or Conveyance of Water across, over, and under, or to break up, dig up, or by any Means enter into or upon any of the said Closes and Pieces or Patcels of Land or Ground, or the said Streets or intended Streets, without the Consent In Writing of the aforesaid Henry Atherton, Ann his Wife, and Eleanora Byrom, their respective Heirs and Assigns, first thereunto had and obtained.

XLII. And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, is Lord of the Manors and Lordships of Pen-hulton and Salford aforesaid: And whereas by a Lease bearing Date the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred, under the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, the said Manor and Lordship of Salford, and all Waste Lands and Commons to the said Manor and Lordship of Salford belonging or appertaining, and ether Hereditaments in Salford and Penhulton, are granted and derriled by His Majesty to John Partington of Garrell, within Manchester aforesaid, Dyer, for the Term of Thirty-one Years from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred, or some other Term or Terms of Years under the several yearly Rents in the said Lease mentioned; be it further enacted, That it . snail not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, to dig and break up the Soil of the said Waste Lands and Commons within the said Manors or Lordships o i Salford or Penbutcn, or either of them, or any Part of either of them, without the Consent of His Majesty, to be signified under the Seals of the said Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, or by the Order of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy in Court of Revenue assembled, and without the Consent in Writing of the said John Partington, his Executors, Administrr.tors, or Assigns, or other Leflce or Lessees of the said Manors or Lordships of Salford or Penhulton, or Wastes within the same, during his or their lubfifling Interest in the said Lease; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas the said Sir Oswald Mojley for some Time past hath bten accustomed to take from the River Medlock One hundred and twenty thousand Ale Gallons of Water per Diem, or thereabouts, fer the Use

4059

Company not to enter the private Streets or Grounds of Henry Atherton Esq. Ami his Wife, and Eleanora Byrom, without Content.

Company not to break up

the Soil of the Wattes in (We Manors of Salford or Penhulton, without Con. sent.

That the Company of Proprietors thall not take mote than.

4060

3 20,o»o Gallons per Day, imless the Water in the Duke of Bridgewater’s Canal is running over the Waite Weirs.

Company of Proprietors not to take more than tie,000 G I-lom per Day, nn'eis, &c.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

Use of the said Waterworks, and the taking of a greater Quantity therefrom might be attended with great Loss and Injury to me Devices in Trust of the Canals of the late most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, situate in the several Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, their Heirs and Assigns, inasmuch as the navigable Communication between the Towns of Manchejlsr and Liverpool, might thereby be greatly interrupted for Want of a sufficient Supply of Water, to the great Injury of the Publick, and efpecully of Persons carrying on Trade beeween Manchester aforesaid and Liverpool aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Sir Oswald Mojley or the said Company of Proprietors hereby created, their Successors or Assigns, to take any greater Quantity of Water from the said River Medlock in any One Day than the said Quantity of One hundred and twenty thousand Ale Gallons, unless nor until the Gates and Sluices hereinafter mentioned, and hereby required to be made and ertfted, shall have been erected and made in Manntr herein-after mentioned, and then only at such Time or Times as the Water of and in the said several Canals of the late Duke of Bridgewater shall be running over all the several Wastes or Waste Weirs of and belonging to the said Canals; any Thing herein contained to the contrary'theretft in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIV. And, for the more effectually preventing the said Sir Oswald Mojley and the said Company of Proprietors hereby created, their Successors or Assigns, from taking or diverting more than the said Quantity of One hundred and twenty thousand Gallons of Water per Diem from the said River Medlock, unless at such Time or Times as the Water of and in the said several Canals of the said late Duke of Bridgewater shall be running over all the said several Waites or Waste Weirs of and belonging to the fame, be it further enacted, That the said Sir Oswald Mojley, and the said Company of Proprietors, and their Succtlfors and Assigns, shall, and they are hereby required within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from and after the paffirg of this Act, to erect, make, and place, or cause to be erected, made, and placed, such and so many Gates or Sluices in, upon, and across, any and every Trough, Watercourse, Aqueduct, or Feeder, now made or hereafter to be made and used for the Purpose cf conducting the Water from and out of the said River Medlock to the said Waterworks,

shall be proper and sufficient for effectually preventing the Water of the said River Medlock at all Tunes from flowing from and out of the said River Medlock into any such Trough, Course, Aqueduct, or Feeder, and to maintain and keep the lame at all Times hereatter in good and sufficient Repair for the Purpose aforesaid, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Devisees of the said Canals of the late Duke of Bridgewater, their Heirs or Assigns, or their Agents or Servants, to shut down or flop the said Gates or Sluices at all Times, by Day or by N'ght, w hen the Water of and in the said several Canals of the said late Duxe of Bridge-water shall-not be running over all the several Waft s or W lte Weirs of and belonging to the said Canals, and for that Purpose to enter into and upon any of the Premises of or belonging to ti e said Company of Proprietors, their Successfors or Assigns, and 10 remain and continue therein for the Purpose aforesaid during the Remainder of that Day whereon such Entry lba‘11 'be made, unless the said Company of Proprietors, their Sticccffors or Assigns, shall then and there produce and Ihevv forth to

the

4061

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

the said Devisees, their Heirs or Assigns, or their Agents or Servants, good and fuflkient Proof to their Satisfaction, that the Company of Proprietor', their Successors or Assigns, for the Time being, have not taken the f jd One hundred and twenty thousand Gallons of Water from the said River Medlock on that Day whereon the said Devisees, their Heirs or Assigns, or their Agents or Servants, shall be minded or defnous ro shut down and (top the said Gates or Sluices, or shall require the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, to (top or (hut down the fame; but in case the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Agents or Servants, shall produce and shew (orth to the said Devisees, their Heirs or Assigns, or their Agents or Servants, such good, sufficienr, and satisfactory Proof as aforesaid, in which case it shall not be lawful for the said Devisees of the said several Canals, their Heiis or Assigns, or their Agents or Servants, to (hut down or (top the said Gates and Sluices during that Day, or until the said One hundred and twenty thousand Gallons of Water shall have been taken or diverted by the said Company from and out of the said River Medlock in the Course of that Day.

XLV. And for the betier and more effectual Security of the several ’Enginfer91 O whers and Occupiers of the Mills and Manufactories upon the said be appointed River Medlock, be it further enacted, That one Engineer shall be ap- companyfrom pointed by and on the Bthalf of the said several Owners and Occupiers taking more of the Mills and Manufactories upon the said River, and another such "’e®0 Engineer by the Company of Profrietors, and that such Engineers (0 Day'"Jnkft, to be appointed shall and they are hereby required to ai'certain and etci determine the Place or Places where a proper Guage or Guages shall be placed upon the said River, or the Aqueduct or Feeder conducting the Water from thence to the said Waterworks, and the Plan, Nature, Construction, Dimensions, and Levels of such Guage or Guages for the Purpose of discharging the said Quantity of Water into the said Waterworks from the said River, and for preventing a larger Quantity than the Lid One hundred and twenty thousand Gallons per Diem from being taken from the said River (except as herein-after is mentioned), and also to ascertain and determine the means of guarding and protecting such Guage or Guages j and if the Two Engineers so to be appointed as aforesaid shall not within Six Calendar Months from the passing of this Act agree touching the Plan, Situation, Nature, Construction,

Dimensions, and Levels, of such Guage or Guages respectively, and the Means of guarding and proteding the lame, then the said Engineers shall ■and they are hereby required within the Space of Twentt-onc Days afterwards to refer the Matter in Difference to some other Engineer to be by them appointed for that Purpose, who shall and is hereby requited to determine and lettle the lame within Three Calendar Months after he shall be so appointed.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Forpre*»nt Guage or Guages shall be to fixed and construded as not in any Case to i«g mors than permit more than One-fourth Part of the whole Current of the Water p"rt ofuic' of the said River Medlock to flow to the said Waterworks, to the Intent Water being and Purport that in dry Seafcns the said Company of Proprietors, their d y

Successors and Assigns, may not take more than the said Quantity of One-fourth Part of the said Water, or any greater Quantity of Water than [Loc. 13 Per.] 45 D the

4062

Company entitled to take the Flood Water out of t he Rivci Med-1 jck.

Engineers to ascertain the Quantity of W a ter need-fary for til e Mills, etc.

In case of x\©n-appointment Company to ap-po nt their ownE» gineer

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 193.

the said (Quantity of One hundred and twenty thousand Gallons ol Water fer Diem hereir-before audiottzed to be taken by the said Com[ any of P.opi ictors.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, at alt Times when the Water in the said River Medlsck shall by Floods or the Downfall of Showers, or from any other Cause be raised or increased beyond the Quantity which may be n.-ccfTaiy for the amp'e Supply of the several Mills and other Manufactories upon the said River, and shall be running over the Waites or Waite Weirs of the several Canals if the said Duke ot Bridgewater, to take such further and other Quantity of the Surplus Water from the Lid River Medlock as may be necesiary fur the Purposts if this Act.

XLVIII. And in order to ascertain the Quantity of Water in the said River which will be necessary for the ample Supply of the said several Mills and other Manutaftoriec, be if funher enacted, That one Engineer shall be appointed by and on Brhalf of the Owners and Occupiers of the said fcvetal Mills and other Manufactories, and another Engineer or other proper Person by the lakh Company of Proprietors, and that such Persons lo to be appointed, shall and they are hereby required to ascertain and determine the Place or Places where a propsr Guage or Weir shall be placed upon the said River, so as to admit of such F ood or Surplus of Water as may flow over the Guage or Weir, lo to be fixed by the said Engineers or Engineer, into the Aqueduct or Feeder leading to the said Waterworks and the Flan, Nature, Conftri'ction, Dimensions and Levels of such Guage or Weir, fur the Purpose of admitting the Flood or Surplus Water to flow into the said Waterworks from the Lid River Medlock, without Injury to the fai l Mills or Manufactories, an l also to afiertain and determine the Means of guarding ami protecting such Guages or Weirs; and if the: Two Engineers or o'her Fer-fons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall not agree touching the Plan, Situation, Nature, Construction, Dimtnsions, and Levels, of such Guages ir Weirs respectively, and the Means of guarding and protecting the fame within Six Months from the passing of this Act, then the Lid Engineers or other Persons shall, and they are hereby r. quired within the Space ot Twenty-one Days afterwards to refer the Matter in D fference to fume other Engineer, to be by them app unted for that Purpose, who shall and is hereby required to de ermine and settle the fame within Thrtc Calendar Months alter he shall be so appointed.

Xi.IX. Provided nevertheh-fs, and be it further enacted, That in ca'e the Lid Owners and O-tupiers of Mills and other Manufactories on the fai l River Meetlock, shall not within Three Calendar Months appoint <.n Engineer for the s afirclaid; then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the fair! Company of Proprmors, and they are he>cby required to appoint their own Engineer for Rich Purpos s: And it shall be lawful fot such last-mentioned Engineer alom, and he is hereby ttquired to fix and regulate such Guages as aforesaid, in the Lme Manner as if the lame wtie fixed and regulated by such Engineers as aforesaid, jointly and together.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 197. 4063

• L. And in order to fecore and indemnify the said Devifces of the said late Duke oi Bridgewater. their Heirs and Assigns, of, f rom, and against than'f .'0,000 ail Lass or Damage which might arise from taking or diverting a greater Gallons

Quantity of Water than the said One hundred and twenty thousand &c‘' u’ U" * Gallons per Day from or out of the said Kiver Medlock, when the Water of and in the said several Canals of the said late Duke of Bridge-water shall not be running over the Wastes or Walle Weirs, of and belonging to the several Canals, be it further enacted, That if the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Alligns, after Notice given or less tn Writing at the Works of the said Company of Pit prTrors, that the Water of and in the said several Canals of the said late Duke of Bridgiwaler is not running over all or any of the said ’Wailcs or Wafts Weirs, belonging thereco, shall not forthwith shut down and stop, cr cause to be (but down and Hopped, the said Sluices or Gates* made or to be made in Manner herein-before required, in, upon, or across any Trough, Watercourse, Aqueduil, or Feeder now made, or hereafter to be made, for the Purpose of conducting the Water of the said River Medlcck to the said Waterworks, or then and there produce and shew forth to the said Dtvifecs, their Heirs and Assign', or their Agents or Servants, who shall give fetch Notice as aforesaid, good and 1 efficient Pioot that the futd Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, had not during that Day whereon such Notice shall be so given as aforesaid, uftd, taken, or diverted from or out of the said River Medlock One hundred and twenty thousand Gallons of Water; or it the said Company of Proprietors, their Succdfors or Assigns, shall not keep and continue me laid Gares or Sluices so shut down or flopped in pursuance cf such Notice for the Remainder of such Day, or until the Water of and in the said kveral Canals of the said late Duke of Bridgewater shall be running over the said several Wastes or Waste Weirs,"of and belonging to the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obllrudl or prevent the said Devisets, their Heirs or Assigns, or their Agents or Servants, from entering in and upon the Premises of the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purpose of shutting down or flopping the said Gates or Sluices when the Water of and in the said several Canals of the said late Duke of Bridgewater shall not be running over the Wastes or Waste Weirs thereof, or fijom remaining and continuing thereon for the Remainder of that Dav where on such Entry shall be made, or until the said Water of and in the said It-veral Canals of the said late Duke of Bridgewater shall be running over the Wastes or WaftcWeirs thereof; or if the said Company of Proprietors, their Sure (Tors or Assigns, thall knowingly or wilfitlly, take or divert, or permit,* or fuller to be taken or diverted from or out of the said River Medlock any greater Quantity of W"ater that the said One hundred and twenty thousand Gallons in any one Day, unless at such Time or Times as the Water of and in the said fever,1 Canals of the said late Duke of Bridgewater shall be running over the Wastes or Waste Weirs thereof, or it the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or any Agent or Servant: of the said Company, shall knowingly or wilfully produce, or shew forth to the said Devisees, their Heirs or Assigns, or any Agent of Servant of the said Devisees, who shall dc-fire to shut down or flop, or who thall require the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors or Assigns, to shut down and stop the said Gates and Sluices, when the Water of and in the said several Canals of the said late Duke of Bridgewater shall not be running over the Wastes or Waste Weirs thereof, a fake and unjutl Account of the Quantity of Water taken and diverted by the said Company of Proprietors from and

out

4064

Or Special Damages.

Mill Owners may pnvent the Company fr. m diverting more than 120,000 Gallons p r Diem from ihe Kiver Medlock, unless, etc.

Pro; tietors rot to life any Water taken fr in the Med-1 ck;or any o her Purpose than supplying the Town of M audit I'lcr, et:. with Water.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

out of the said River Medlock on that Day whereon the Lid Account shall be l’o produced or shewn forth, then the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, and each and every Person respectively so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Devifces, their Heirs or Assigns, the Sum of Fifcy Pounds, which shall and may be recovered by the said Devifces, their Heirs and Aflicns, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, with Double Costs, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Protection, nor mure than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Devifces,their Heirs or Assigns, cither to foe for the Recovery of the said Penalty of Fifty Pounds in Manner herein-before mentioned, or in lieu thereof, to commence an Adbon at Law against the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons for the Recovery of the special Damages which the said Devisees, their Heirs or Alliens, shall or may fufliain, by reason c-fany Act, Matter, or Thing done by the said Company of Proprietors, or by any such Person or Persons, contrary to the Provides herein contained.

LII. And for the more effectually preventing the said Sir Ofwet'd Mo/~ ley and the said Company cf Proprietors hereby created, their Successors or Assigns, from taking or diverting more thin the said Quantity of One hundred and twenty thousand Gallons of Water per Diem, from the said River Med'ock, unless at such Time or Times as the Water of the said River Medlock by Floods, or the Downfall of Showers, or from any other cause, be raised or herafed beyond the Quantify which may be necessary for the Supply of theicveral Mills and other Manufactories on the said River Medlock bclcw the said Waterworks, be it further enacted, That the said icveral Owners and Occupiers of the said several Milis and Ma-nufadtoiies or their Servants or Agrnts, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities s are hetehy given to the said Devifces of the said late Duke of Bridgewater, their Heiis or Alfgns, or their Agents or Servants, for preventing the Lid Company cf Proprietors from taking any great: r Quantity than the said One hundred and twenty thousand Gal-ions p:r Day, unless at such Time or Times as the Water of the said Canals of the said D k»- of Bridgewater shall be running over the Wastes or Waste Weirs of the said Canals; and that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and their Agents and Servants, shall be iiable to the same Penalties und Forfeitures, as they are hereby made liable and subj-ct to in respect of the said Devifces of the la;e£Duke of Bridgewater, their Heirs and Affigm, in all respects as it the said Powers, Autnoci-tits. Penalties, anu horfcituits were herein particularly repeated and enumerated.

LIII. And for the mme efr dually preventing the using or diverting the Water of the said Rivei Medioek, to or for any other than the Purpose of supplying tfv Inhabitant < f the said Towns of Manckefler and Salford with Water in he ordinary and accnltomel Maine', be it further enacted, That it shall no: be lawful lor the Lid Company of Proprietors of the said Waterworks, their Succ flors or Assigns, at any Time or Times hereafter, to take or divert the Watrr of the said River Medlock to or for any Putpufe whati nr, ether than for supplying the said Inhabitants with Water ic the usual and accustomed Manner j nor to supply or agree to supply 7 any

4065

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

any navigable Cut, Canal, or River with Water, or to make, or permir, or fuss'er to be made any Communication whatsoever between the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, or Aqueduds thereunto belonging, and any navigable Cut, Canal, or River whatsoever, any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIV. And whereas, a Map or Plan describing the Line of the intended Map or Plan. Aquedud and Conduit and the Lands through which the lame are intended to be carried, and the Situation of the intended Reservoirs, and a Book of Reference containing a Lilt of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers respectively of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palacine of Lan-cajier, be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Ctistody of the said Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, or his Deputy, and all Persons shall at any seasonable Time have Liberty to insped and peruse the fame, and have a Copy thereof, or such Part t.rereof as such Person or Persons shall require, such Copy or Copies to be made by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, on being paid the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight-pence for every such inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies, and that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall not, in laying and making such Aquedud and Conduit of the aforesaid Water, deviate more than Three hundred Feet from the Line or Course so described, nor make any Wells, Cdtcrns, or Reservoirs in any other Lands, Grounds, or Situations than so described, without the Co.nfent inWriting of the Owner or Owners of the Lands or Grounds in which they shall so deviate, or make such other Wells, Cisterns, or Reservoirs.

LV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Inhabitants of the Towns aforesaid as shall be desirous of having Water from the said Waterworks laid into their Houses, Buildings, or other Premises, may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own Expence, having first obtained the Consent in Writing, under the Hand of such Person as shall be authoriz'd by the said Company of Proprietors or their Directors to give such Cor.sent, and with the Consent of the Owners of the Premises through which the Pipes shall be conveyed, to open the Ground between the Company’s Aqueduds or Main Pipes, and the respective Houses, Buildings, or other Premises of such Inhabitants, and to lay any leaden or other Pipe or Pipes (the Bore thereof to be ascertained and fixed by the said Company of Proprietors) from such respective Houses, Buildings or other Premises, to communicate with the said Aqueduds or Main Pipes, such respective Inhabitants paying to the said Company of Proprietors Yearly,

Quarterly, or Monthly, such Rate or Rates, or Sum or Sums of Money for such Water as shall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default of Payment of any such Rate or Rates, or Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to cause the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating with the Aqueducts and Main Pipes belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, to be fe-parated from the said Aqueducts or Main Pipes, and to cause the Water to be (lopped from ilLiing or running into the House, Buildings, and other Premises of every Person making such Default, and that the Rate or Rates,

[Lee. & Per. j AS & Sum

Owners and Inhabitants of Houses, etc. may lay Pipes to those of the Company.

4066 49° GEORGII IB. Cap. 192.

Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due and in Arrear from such Person or Persons ro the said Company of Proprietors, shall and may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors by Distress and Sale of the Coeds and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the fame, in the same Manner as Rents reserved on Common Demiles may by Law be recovered: Provided always, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have laid any leaden Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, shall be at liberty to remove and take away such Pipe or Pipes, and the Cock or Cocks to such Pipe or Pipes belonging.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when, and as often as any Ground shall or may be opened or broken up, either by the hid Company of Proprietors, or by any other Person or Persons, for laying, taking up, or repairing any Aqueduct or Main Pipe, or Communication Pipe, by virtue of this Act, then and in every such case the said Company of Proprietors or other Persons respectively shall fill, or cause to be filled, in such Ground, and the Rubbish occasioned by the opening or breaking up the same to be carried away as soon as conveniently may be, and in the Meantime to cause such Ground to be fenced or guarded, lo that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle: Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or in any such other Person or Persons in taking up or repairing any of the said Aqueducts or Main Pipes, or any or the said Communication Pipes, or in filling in such Ground, or removing the Rybbish thereby occasioned, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors and such other Persons lo offending respectively, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Day during the Continuance of such wilful or negligent Delay.

For preferring LVIF. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall bathe in

ckanand' any RelcTvoir, Aqueaidt, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, being the Pro-vHio'ltfoir.e. perty of the said Company of Proprietors, made, maintained, orsupported by vntue of this Act, or walh any Dog or other Animal therein, or throw or caff any Dog or Cat, or any Filth, Dirt, or other noisome or offensive Thing, or walh or cleanle any Cloth, or any Wool or Leather, or the Skins of Sheep, Lambs, or other Animal, or any noisome or offer, five Thing in any such Reservoir or Aqueducts, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, or cause or suffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain, to run cr be conveyed into any such Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder or Pond, or cause any other Annoyance to be done to the Water contained in any such Reservoir, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, whereby or by Means whereof the said Water, or any Part therof, shall or may be foiled, fouled, or corrupted, then and in each and every such Case every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Vot to hinder

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Persons trom contained shall now or hereafter be construed to prevent the Water o( the fSthe Pur-*' R|VCr Medlock being taken by Millers, Dyers, or any other Person or pose 01 Trade- Persons, for the Purposes of Trade, Manufactories, Works, and Occupations, by any Pipes or Drains, Sewers and Watrrcourses, or from being again returned to the said River, through the fame, but that all Person or Persons

Ground broken up for laying Pipes, to be ienced.

4067

49e GEORGII HI. Cap. 192.

Persons shall nowand hereafter have and exercisethe fame Right and Pii-viiege of taking Water from, and returning the same to (he said River, in such Manner as mighc have been lawfully exercised before the passing of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or ule, or cause, permit, or suffer to be taken or u:ed, any Water from or out of any Reservoir, Aquedudf, or Pipe, which shall be made or laid by virtue of this Act, without the previous Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, or if any Person or Persons supplied with Water by virtue of this Act shall supply any other Person with any Part of such Water, or if any other Person or Persons shall wilfully let off, or cause to run to wade any Water from any such Aqueduct or Pipe, then and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit, to tal^e or cut off the Water so supplied by the said Company of Proprietors, from the House, Building, or other Premises of the Person or Persons so offending.

LX. Provided neveytheless, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to subject any Person or Persons whcinfoevtr supplied wiih Water by virtue of this Act, to a Penalty or Forfeiture for supplyng any Person or Persons whomsoever with any Quantity of such Water in case of Fire, or during any Time that the Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Cocks, belonging to any Person or Persons ffpplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors, shall or may happen to be out of Repair, such Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Cocks, nevtr-theless being repaired as soon as may be after any Damage shall happen thereto.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for an Engineer, cr any other Pci Ion or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Directors, at all reasonable Times in the Day Time, upon giving Twenty-four Hours previous Notice of their Intention, to enter into any House, Building, or other Premises Supplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors, in order to inspect and examine if there be any Wade, undue Diversion, or improper Appropriation of the Water so supplied by the said Company of Proprietors; and if such Engineer, or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the Lid Company of Proprietors or their Directors, shall at any such Time or Times be refused Admittance or Entrance into any such Dwelling House, Building, or other Premises, for the Purpose of mak'ng tuch Imptdlion and Examination as aforesaid, or on being admitted (Rill be obstructed in or prevented from making such Inspection and Fx-mination as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to cut and turn off, or cause to be cut and turned off, the Water supplied by the said Company of Proprietors from such Hoiffe, Building, or other Premises.

For hindering Persons supplied <rom supplying others, Lc.

Except in certain Cases,

For enabling ihe Company 10 enter Premises, to fee that there is no waste of Water.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

LXII. And to prevent as much as possible the wilful and negligent Waste of Water; be it further enacted, That each and every Person lup-plied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to provide a proper Cillcrn or Citterns of Lead, Stone, Brick, Wood, or other Materials, to receive and hold such Quantity of Water as shall be by him or them deemed sufficient for his, her, or their Consumption, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby required to provide a Ball and StopCock, and to fix, or cause to be fixed, the same to the Pipe conducting the Water from the Main or Service Pipe belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, to such Cittern or Citterns, for the Purpose of preventing the Water running into such Cittern or Cil-terns from running to watte, when the fame shall be full; and in case any Person or Persons supplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors thall neglect to provide such Cittern or Citterns, and also a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix, or cause to be affixed, the fame in Manner aforesaid, for the Purpose of'preventing the Water from running to walte, when such Ciltern or Cilterns shall be filled as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful ro and for the said Company of Propricors, or of their Directors, 1 or any Person or Persons acting by virtue of or under Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, to cut and turn off the Wattr by such Ways and Means as to him or them thall seem right or proper, from the House, Building, or other Premises of every such Person, until such Ciltern or Citterns, and Ball or Stop Cock shall be provided, and such Ball or Stop Cock added in Manner aforesaid.

Penalty on

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person thall throw any fn^eLodc".' ’^rave'» Stones, or Rubbish into any Part of the said Waterwoiks, Reler-or Sdoine othe'r voirs, aqueducts, Trenches, Watercourses, or Feeders to be made by Damage to the virtue of this Act, or thall wantonly or unnecessarily open or cause to Vatciworks. opened, any Lock, Gate, Paddle, Valve, or Clough belonging to the said Waterworks, or thall snare, angle, or rake any Fish out of the fame, or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully flulh or draw off, or cause to be fluffed or drawn off, the Water from any Part of the said Waterworks, or thall leave any of the said Valves or Cloughs open and running belonging to the lame, or thall draw, or cause to be drawn, any Paddle, Valve, or Clough, in any of the Locks, Scop or Clew Gates, on the said Waterworks, so as to mif-spend or waste the Water thereof, its Courses or Feeders, or shall wilfully obstrud, hinder, or prevent any Person in the Execution of this Act, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Penalty on

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Works'118 knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw downj damage, or destroy

' 1 any Banks or other Works erected, made, or maintsined by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be trar.sported for the Term of Seven Years, or in mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

4068

Ciltcns to be provided.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

LXV. P.ovWcd always, and be it enacted, That every B-'dy Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and every Person or Persons being a Propriety' or Proprietors of any Share or Slnres in the said Joint or Capital Stock, shall be entitled to vote at the several General or Special General Aflcm-blies or the said Company of Proprietors of the Mnnchester and Salford Waterwoiks, in respect of fiuh Share or Shares in the Proportions following, (that is to say): If a Proprietor of lei's than Five Shares to One such Vote, if a Proprietor of Shates and less than Ten Shares to Two such Votes, if a Proprietor cf Ten and less than Fifteen Shares to Three such Votes, if a Proprietor of Fifteen ard less than Twenty Shares to Four such Voies, if a Proprietor of Twenty and less than Thirty Shares to Five sikh Votes, if a Proprietor of Thirty and leis than Forty Shares to Six such Votes, if a Proprietor of Forty and less than Fifty Shares to Seven such Votes, and if a Proprietor of Fifty Shares and upwards to Eight such Votes, which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, confirmed under the Seal of such B?dy Corporate or Collegiate, or under the Hand of the Proprietor constituiing the said Proxy, every Inch Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal had voted in Person, and every Question, Matter, or Thing which shall be proj ofed, difculfed, or considered, in any General or Special Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Adjournment thereof, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present in the Proportion before mentioned, provided that the Members present be not less than Ten, and be possessed of nut less than Two hundred Shares; and the Appointment of such Proxy may be made according to the Form following; (that is to say),

I A.B. of' One of the Proprietors of the

1 Mambejkr atvlS.ilford Waterworks, do hereby nominate, constitute ‘ and appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy in my Name,

* and in my Abfeoce to vote or give my Afientcr£)iffent to any Business, ‘ Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, in such Manner as

* he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and Judge -

* ment for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or«tny Thing appertaining

* thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand (or Seal)

* the Day of

LXVI. Provided always, That if any Subscriber to the said Undertaking shall be minded and defircus to pay or advance immediately into the Hands of the said Directors, or of the Person whom they shall appoint to receive the lame, the full Amount of his or her Sublet iption for such Share or Shares, for which he or she may have subscribed, or any Part thereof, not being less than a Sum of Fifty Pounds, without waiting for the said Call or Calls, then, and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Directors to pay to the said Subscriber or Subscribers out of the Funds of the said Company, interest upon the fame, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ilpun the Amount which such Payment or Advance may be over and above the said Calls, and from the Period of the Call immediately preceding such Payment or, Advance up to the Period of such subsequent Call respr£tively, according to the Hum then in Advance and above the Amount of the said Cali.

45 F

4069

Directirghow Proprietor, of Shares (halt

AOte, tic-

Form of Proxies.

Directors may allow Interest to iroprietors for Payment in Advance-

[Lee. /Vr.]

LXVn. And

4°7°

Questinni at General Af*

£ mbli's 40 be d«te< mined by Ballot.

Companies empowered to re-fell Lands that may not be wanted.

The Word* grant, bargain, and fell, to operate as Covenants for the Title.

Application uf

Purchase

Money

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if at any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Adjournment; thereof, any Question or Questions Shall arile touching or concerning the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company of Proprietors, cr any Matter or Thing relating thereto, ftjch Question or (Questions shall, upon the Request- of any Proprietor or Proprietors then prelenr, being possessed in his, her, or their own Right of Twenty Shares in the said Undertaking, be determined by Ballet.

LXVIII. And whereas, in order more effectually to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Act, the said Company of Ptoprietors may purchase Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments, which or Part whereof may afterwards be considered as unftccessary to be made Use of for the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks, to sell and dispose of,* and by Indenture under their Common Seal absolutely tograne and convey such Part or Parts of the Lands, Buildings, or Herediraments which shall be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors of the Manchfsler and Salford Waterworks as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposts aforesaid; and all such Conveyances fresh the said Company of Proprietors shall be good, valid, and effectual, any Law, Statute, or Customto the contrary thereof in ar.ywife norwith-standing; and upon Payment of the Money which shall a'ifc by the Sale or Salts of such Lands, Buildings, or Premises, or any Parts o- P..reels thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treassurers for the Time being .10.the said Comply of Proprietors, CofigB and give R ceipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be fuffid nt Difi.h..rges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which the said Lands, Buildings, or Premises shall be fold, cr for so much thereof as in such Receipt shall be expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not be answeralTe for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

LXIX. And be it furthtr enacted, That in all Grants and Conveyances to be made by the said Company ef Proprietors, under, or by virtue, or in purfuar.ee of the several Powers and Authorities to them hereby <iiven, the words " Grant, Bargain, and Sell," shall amount to and be construed and a judged in all Courts of Judicature to be express Covenants to the Grantee, Lessee, or other Purchaser, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrator?, and Assigns, from the said Company of Propri-eio.s, for themitives and their Successots, that they the said Company of Ptoprietors, notwithstanding any Act done by them, wtre at the Time of the Execution of every such Grant, Lease, or Conveyance, seized of the Hereditaments and Prem fcs thereby granted, conveyed, and fold, of an in-deftafrble Eiiateof Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances for quiet Enjoyment thereof, against the said Company of Proprietors, rheir Suecclfots, and Alii ns, and all claiming under them, and all such Purchasers shall be indemnified and saved harmlels by the said Cumj any of Pioptietors and thetr Successor-.

1

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be had, received, and taken by the said Company of Proprietors as the Cuniideration of any such Sales as aforesaid, shall be

paid

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

paid, applied, and disposed of in such and the like Manner as any other Sums ot Money arising or 10 arise from the said Waterworks respectively, are hereby directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and

Fines rmd

feitures imposed or inflicted by this Act, or which snail be imposed er in- Forfeitures, Sifted by any Rule, Order, or Bye-Law to be made in pursuance thereof, ^overedlnd* the Manner of levying and Recovery whereof is not particularly herein applied, directed, shall in case of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal cf any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or reside j which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue upon the ConfdTion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible WiinefsorWitnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer), and ail Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties (the Application whereof is not herein particularly directed), shall be pa d into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, and the Overplus of the Money raffed by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the Expence of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained, and for want of sufficient Distress, and in Case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it snail be lawful for such Justice by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, or'House of Correction, there to remain withouc Bail or Main-prize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, Hull be kroner paid and satisfied.

LXXI . And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Con* Form 0y viflion shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Conviction. Act, or agai-ft any Order of Sections, or against any Bye-Law, Rule,

Order, or Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following: (that is to say),

* BE it remembered, That on this Day of

4 J in the Year of the Reign of yf. B. is

convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of having [as the Conviction shall be\ and I [or,

4 We] the said do adjudge him [her, or, them] to

forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of . Given

under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals]] the Day and Year 4 aforesaid.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall AiWinj an think himself, herle'f, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgement '°

made or given in pursuance of any Ru'e, Bye Law, or Order of the said SeiliJus^ ue. Company of Proprietors or Dreftors, or determined by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justic.-s of the P.ace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in every such

Cffe

4072

Prose clings nor to be qu .(lied for Want of Form.

Distress rot

to be-deewed

unlawful for Want of etc*

plain! fl ret to r^covei iffuf-

ficiem Anxflus ofrer-d.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

Cafe such Person or Persons may, within Three Calendar Months next after such Ordci, Judgement, 01 Determination shall have been madcorgiven, appeal toiheJuftuescfthePeaceattheGene al or QuarrerSi fiions of the Peace to be holden in and f >r the Ciuntv, City, or Place in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, (first giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal, to the Person or Persons appealed again!!, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeai, and to abide the Order and Aw: d c f t!ve said Court thereon); and the said Justices shall, in a luminary Way, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General or (Quarter SeUior'S, or if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the Text Gcnrtal or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, City, or Place; and the said Justices may make such Determination in such Appeal, and award such Coils to either of the Parties as they shall judge p open; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture, or Pine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Order, Judgement, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Saurfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge rtafouable.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgement, Conv.dtion, or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Offence again!! this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Wiit or Process whatsoever into any of His Ma-jelt) ’s Courts of R. card at Westminster\ any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defcdt or Want of Form in the Infoimation, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties dil-training be deemed a TtefpafTer or Trespassers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be altenvards done by the Party or Parties lo distraimng; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

1 XX

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Pei fops fur any Thing cone in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing ilvall have b en given to the Defendant or Defendants, cr left at his her, or them last or usual Place of Abode Fourteen Days bef.re such Adti »n shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for 1 h PI lint iff or Plaintiffs) specifying the Cause of Action, nor ft,all the Plaintiff 01 Plaintiffs iecover in such Action if Tender of sufficienc Amends shall I ave b rn made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Bvlialf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been madn, it shall 8 "• and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

and may be lawful to and for the Defendant o* D feridants in any such Action, by leave of the Court wh re such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fir, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions that shall or may be brought against the said Company of Proprietors, for any Offence or Offences by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, Agents, Officers, Servants, and Workmen, that shall or may be committed against this Act, it shall and may be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to serve, or cause to be served, the Original Process in every such Action on the Chief or other Clerk of the said Company, and such Service of Process shall be and be deemed to be of the like Force and Effect in Law, as if such Original Process had been served on the Head Officer or Officers of the said Company.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, tvery such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed i or in Cafe there shall be a continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceal'ed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County or Place where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants} or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Adion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer, or otherwise. Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have double Cods, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Custs of Suit ia other Cases by Law.

LXXIX. Saving always to the King’smost Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as well in Right of His Crown as in Right of His Duchy of Laruofler, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators relpedivtly, other than and except such Right for which Compensation is herein-before made and provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Compenfition is made and provided, all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interest as he, they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, [Lee. CS* Per.] 45 G

4073

In Anions

against the Company, Procef* may be served on the Chief or other Clerk,

Limitation of AAion3.

General

Saving,

4°74-

PublkkAct.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 192.

or out of any Lands or Hereditaments whatever, before the passing of this \ft, or could, might, or oughc to have held or enjoyed in calc this Act hau not been made.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as 1'uch by ail Judges, Justices and othtrs, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 18C9.

