A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Porty-seventh Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD:

v'

Being the FIRST SESSION of the THIRD PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty* ft

1807.

- v-. i»:

Wfc i-;, lo

III 0 &3 *Tf. _JL.

.2TD. Dljaus

adi ni absm: baan\s oii*is j»nq7aq 3&1 ins 5viv3x of fiA M / «i

n«iir.(«j}aK < - I? •. .* ,'HsV. ir.ab-! r\ '.0 issY bnoyil .'-f

ri -.vtjI 07 c i if 'i.< ino . xjcol

wit gfliiiDsqzs 10I bus

'i»Y sdi *>> V.&im3. *tb. vft r^fiS ?aup»h*3 .1

•osvsl £> Hid .1: . ni . juO

floqu zsin/fl^n^w <"Tl o) gniituri’} fcn -7: nr Lvi' .5 A aA Ml

-iiud idgiS r tiodl ar.0 i*j7 dj 1q aairoS 3 i j\.. > a ri Vf.

* i» j

iiioilna*! no (iud i.'(IbjsM ol . qnioliboc * ,.iA aA .71

JljAJ <.*;* jrsjiiiQ

- d dq d

- 1: -■ V

arl: jnibnafitn rl'; »•; _• :/j. Ler/pc.

Y«G s4; Ibua :'.j .>orii tol baumil eaanF

sr!jto ziivibc: ’. b-..., a;-.. . vnirirtO. lv/<0 u ztion#'^.

dW . .!*■•- . be 7 rr.»; sd; 9&

- L nyvol one baxhnijii id^i.*

ah X'J a A

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

T- AN Act for extending the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the City of Welt minder, Esquire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with fevc-ral Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance. 3

2. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-

fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon. 9

3. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth and Twen-

ty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashborne, in the County of Di rby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Plrce called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby. 2 t

4. An Act for extending to Sums of greater Amount than Forty Shillings, the

Provisions of Three Acts, passed in the Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, for the Recovery of Small Debts v/ithm ;he Hundreds of Blackheath, Bromley and Beckenham, Rokcfey other wise R uxley, and Little and Leffness, in the County of Kent, and of Wallington, in the County of Surrey, and for amending the said Acts. 29

5. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Tenth

Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Christopher’s Bridge, in the Borough of Thciford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-Ealt End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge. 41

6. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Honiton Turnpike

Road, near Yard Farm, in the Parish of Upottery, in the County of Devon, to the Uminster Turnpike Hoad, near the Village of Horton, in the Parish of llminster, in the County of Somerset. 53

7. An Act to enlarge the Powers, and extend the Jurisdiction, of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Wejiniinjier, and Part of the County of Midd/efex. , 8 5

8. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-cndc-Frith, to, or near to, Entvrclough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the County Palatine of ChcJler. 109

9. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixth and

I'wenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mucklcy Corner, to Walsall and IVedncfbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads in the County of St a ford, so far as the fame relate to the Two first Diitridls of Road therein comprized. IOI

ic. An

(Local y Personel, to he judicially noticedj 47* CEO, III.

10. An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in thq Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chcrtfey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof, and building a Vestry Room near or adjoining to the said Church, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act, * 17

ix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Fife, and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads in thfe said County. 121

12. An Act for further regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said County. 133

13. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour, in the Counties of Refs and Cromarty, and that Part of the County of Nairn, which is locally situated in the County of Ross; and for more clfeftuatly making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the same; and for making and maintaining the great Post Road from the Confines ■of Interne! \ lb ire to the Con. fines of the Shire of Sutherland. 161

14. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Pewm of gn Act, passed in the

Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for the more ee.fy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham and Hamlet of Deri-tend thereto adjoining, in the County of WaroAck, 18 5

15. An Act for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to the Parish of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the use of the said Parish. 204

16. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Port hue thwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Angle fey, 221

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fffon, In the County of

Northumberland, 237

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corfenf.de, within the Manor of Ridsdale, in the County of Northumberland, 257

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of irfield. In the County of Norfolk, 2$ 1

co. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty or Township of Buford, in the Parish of Cheddletonip the County of Stafford, 297

21. An Act for vesting in new Trustees certain Trust Estates comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Venables Lord Vernon, with pouifa Barbara Lady Vernon his late Wife. 3 9

22. An Act for amending, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, to the respectiva Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thane/, in the said County } and for reducing, for a limited Time, the Tells and Duties pow payable a<

C Sandwich

A TABLE of /&■ STATUTES.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. An Act for naturalizing Tebaldi Monsoons.

2. An Act for naturalizing Jean Jacques Schenck.

3. An Act to relieve Francis Lord De Dunjlanville from certain Disabilities and Penalties, in consequence of his having fat in the House of Peers during a Debate therein, without being duly qualified by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration prescribed by Law, and subscribing the fame respectively.

4. An Act for inclosing a certain Tract of Commonable Land, in the Parish of Cifftngtm, in the County of Somerset.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Downbatbcrlcy, In the County of Gloucester.

6. An Act for naturalizing Alme Lallemand.

Jt. An Act for naturalizing John Vanden Kerch hove.1

8. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Duerr-

9. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Fleming.

1 o. An Act for naturalizing David Constantine Zacharias.

11. An Act for naturalizing John James Overbeck.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Abie, in the North Riding of the County of York,

13. An Act for inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Mid* die, in the County of Salop.

14. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Amalrie and Francis Amalric an Infant.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Membury, in the County of Devon.

iC>. An Act for inclosing Lands in the P. villi of Stalbam, in the County of

L.rfolk.

>7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ringveood, in the County of Southampton.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in Ov.ndel, and in the Hamlet of Ashton, in

the Parish of Oundel, in the County of Northampton.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Iiopemanfel, in the County of Hereford.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish o! West Bagborough, in the County of Semcifet.

10

2 2. An

2«. Aji Act for inclosing Westwosd Common, in the Parish of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of llchester, Stoke-under-Hamb-den, Tintinbull, Ashlngton, and Lymington, in the County of Somerset.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Backwell, in the County of Somerset.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cofe Mullen, in the County of Dorset.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Salford, in the County of Bedford.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Fritwell, in the County of Oxford.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Queenhill, in the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

29. An Act for naturalizing Francis William Fagel.

30. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham.

1U

'11 <yv.

m

JNDES

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII III.

Britanniarum Regis,

QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Fifteenth Day of December, Anno Domini 1806, in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith:

Being the FIRST SESSION of the THIRD PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

4

Powers of former Act eenrioued.

The Ticket* *1 ready sold to be deemed

47° GEORGII III. Cap. t.

subject to the Terms. Provisoes, and ReflricHons therein mentioned: And whereas it is by the said Act declared, That the Money to' be raised by way c.l such Lottery should not exceed Sixty-nine thousand Three hundred Pounds.; and that the Number of Tickets should not exceed Twenty-two thousand, to be numbered from One to Twenty-two thousand respectively both iriclusive, and that the said Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with the said Copies of Hume's History ol England then unfold, should be divided and allotted according to the Schedule to the said Act annexed: And that the One thousand four hundred and fifty-one Prizes therein mentioned should be determined by the Drawing of any State Lottery that should consist of Twenty-two thousand Tickets or upwatds, which should be drawn in London, between the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five and the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six, in purfusnee of any Act or Acts of Parliament which might thereafter be palfed for that Purpose, if any such should be paged; and that if more than One such Lottery should be so appointed to be drawn within such Period, then by such of the said Lotteries as should be chosen by the said Robert Bcwyer, and notified in the London Gazette Forty-two days, before the Drawing of such Lottery; and that the first; k ne thousand four hundred and fifty-one Numbers that should be drawn in such State Lottery, were they either Blank or Prize, the Numbeis whereof should respectively correspond with any Numbers of the T ickefs of the Lottery authorized by that Act, should respectively be the Prizes in the Order in which the said Collection of Paintings, Draw. ings, and Engravings, and the said several Pieces compiling the fame, and the said Copies or Hume's History of England then unfold, were divided and allotted in the Schedule to that Act, and the several Holders of the Twenty thousand five hundred and forty-nine unsuccessful Tickets should be intitled to and receive Engravings aggregately of theeftimated Value of Three Guineas for each and every Ticket in the said then intended’ Lottery remaining after the Drawing of the said One thousand four hundred and fifty-one Tickets, according to and in the Manner prescribed in and by the said Schedule: And whereas Four State Lotteries were drawn between the said First Day of August One thousand tight hundred and five, and the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six: And whereas it was the Intention c>f the said Robert Bowyer to have determined the Prizes in the said Act mentioned, by the last of the said State Lotteries, which began drawing on the T hirteenth Day of October One thousand eighc hundred and six; but it became impossible for him so to do, as such State Lottery confilted only of Twenty thousand Tickets, and it is therefore expedienc that further Time should be allowed for carrying into Execution the Powers contained in the said Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Glauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as have been already carried into Execution and complied with, or as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be as good, valid, and efleftua), for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Ticket and Tickets authorized to be sold by the said recited Act, which have been fold ana

8 disposed.

5

47° GEORG! I III. Cap. i.

disposed of by the said Robert Bowyer, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Part of the said Twenty-two thousand Tickets in the said Act mentioned; l|1J,c'

and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Robert Bowyer. his Exe- former Act cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of such of the mentioned 1 ickets authorized to be sold by that Act as yet remain unfold, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, under the Directions and Provisions in the said Act mentioned and contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That the One thousand four hundred The Prizes to and fifty-one Piizes in the said recited Act mentioned and ddcribed, [7 she^forfl^ shall be determined by the Drawing of the First State Lottery that shall State Lottery be drawn in London after the puffing of this Act in pursuance of any Act after passine or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, in case such Lottery shall constil dus Ad>, if it of Twenty-two thousand Tickets or upwards; and the first One thousand four hundred and fifty-one Numbers that shall be drawn in such State kets, or up-Lottery, be they either Blank or Prize, the Numbers whereof shall respect wards, tively correspond with any Numbers of the Tickets of the Lottery authorized by this Ac, shall refj ectively be, and they are hereby declared to be the Prizes in the Order in which the said Collection of Paintings,

Drawings, and Engravings, and the said several Pieces composing the fame, and the said Copies of Hume's History of England yet unfold, are divided and allotted in the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed; and the several Holders of the Twenty thousand five hundred and forty-nine unsuccessful Tickets shall be entitled to have and receive Engravings aggregately of the estimated Value of Three Guineas, for each and every Ticket in the said intended Lottery remaining after the Drawing of the said One thousand four hundred and fifty-one Tickets, according to and in the Manner prescribed in and by the said Schedule to the said Act,

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the First State iffoch State Lottery that shall be appointed to be drawn after the passing of this Act Lottery shall shall not consist of Twenty-two thousand Tickets or upward-, then and in '"l co^?c°^ such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Robert Boityer, his kets or up-" Executors or Administrators, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, wards, then empowered, and required, at any Time after the Appointment of the by a separate Drawing of such Lottery, and before the Fourth Day of July following, to determine the said One thousand four hundred and fist)-one Prizes, thus as the and the said Engravings for the Holders of the Twenty thousand five Lords Com-hundred and forty-nine unsuccessful Tickets by a separate Lottery; and nufiioners for that Purpose, the whole Twenty-two thousand Numbers shall be put T^roTr into a Wheel, in like Manner as is used in State Lotteries, and the lame Numbers shall be drawn thereout at such Place, on such Day or Days previous to the said Fourth Day of July, and at such Time or Times, and under and subject to such Regulations as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them shall approve and tlireft, so that such separate Lottery may be drawn and conducted in such and the like Manner as the State Lotteries of this Kingdom are usually drawn and conducted, or as near thereto as existing Circumstances will permit; and the Tirft One thousand four hundred and fihy-one Numbers that shall be d-awn out of such Wheel shall respectively be, and they are hereby declared to be the Prizes in the t 'rder in wdich the said Col eftion of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, and the said several Pieces composing the fame, and the said Copies of Hume’s Hid or y of England yet [Loe. Ss5 Per.'] B unro!d.

6

Tf by a separate Lottery Notice to be given.

[Publick Act.]

4.7® GEORGII III. Cap. r.

unfold, are divided and allotted in the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, and the several Holders of the Twenty thousand Five hundred and Forty-nine unsuccessful Tickets shall be entitled to and receive Engravings aggregately of the estimated Value of Three Guineas for each and every such unsuccessful Ticket, according to and in the Manner preferred by the said Schedule to the said recited Act.

V. Provided always, That in case the said Prizes and Engravings are to be determined by a separate Lottery, Notice thereof shall be given by the said Robert Bowyer, his Executors or Administrators, in the London Gazette, Twenty Days at the lead previous to the Drawing of such Lottery.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Just ices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON; Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

: f, i ' ‘U m '

suj"

‘•'•;njslrt

J'fl

‘"c Ul{/M

cf fuco

’ 5iUHUf,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

•*-:(f*)|e*-5!e*4|E*its*i)f4|f5K*ii(*4|HK4tt*4|H|S*j(f*

Cap. 2.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devo?i.

[17th March 1807.^]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fourth Year of the Reign , g of His present Majesty, intituled ,c An Act for repairing and 4 '3‘e‘ 7' " widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford in the County of DevonAnd whereas another Act was made in the Twen- 2J G. 3. c. ty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled "An Act for 119. a continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act " of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening <i several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford in the County of H Devon ;" And whereas great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Roads, and several considerable Sums of Money are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts* which cannot be paid off, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted,' and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers,

Provisoes, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate [Loc. Cf Per.] C to

xo

Acts further continued.

Additional Trustees.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed for and during the Term hereafter mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads therein mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act j and the additional Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the said Roads, and of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts, or of this Act, and of all Intcrelt now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That William Allin, Lewis William Buck,

'James Burke, William Bartlett, Robert Barton, 'John Roger, Thomas Bur-nard, Thomas Burnard, Junior, Nathaniel Edward Barnard, William Henry Barnard, ’John Benson, John Peter Benjon, Thomas Benjon, Culverhouse Benjon, John Denis Burden, George Burdon, George Burdon, Junior, Sir William Call, Bart. Richard Pine Coffin, the Reverend John Pine Coffin, John Thomas Pine Coffin, Richard Pine Coffin, Junior, the Reverend Charles Pine Coffin, John Pine Coffin, Junior, Edward Pine Coffin•, John Clyde, Junior, Thomas Cutcliffie, the Reverend William Holland Coham, William Michael Coham, William Bickford Coham, George Lewis Cobam, Stephen Coham, Holland Coham, Arthur Coham, the Reverend William Chanter, the Reverend Thomas Clack, Thomas Edward Clack, William George Stidler Clack, Moses Chanter, John Chanter, Charles Carter, Junior, Samuel Cory, John Cory, John Caddy, Junior, Richard Carter, George Cooke, Michael Cooke, the Right Honourable Hugh Fortescue Viscount Ebrington, the Reverend John Edgcomb, John Exter, Thomas Ellis, John Inglett Fortescue, the Reverend Peter Glubb, John Gals-worthy, William Gqlsworthy, James Hamlyn, Charles Hamlyn, Orlando Hamlyn, Robert Hamlyn, Junior, John Hamlyn, George Hole, George Hole, Junior, the Reverend Richard Keats, James Kirkman, James Kirkman, Junior, Thomas Kingdon, William Kelly, Renediblus Marwood Kelly, Edward Lee, the Reverend Lewis Lewis, James Smith Ley, Elias Leach, the Reverend Nicholas Mill, the Reverend Thomas Mill, Nicholas Mill, Junior, William May, Thomas May, Junior, John Norman, Junior, William Norman, Richard Preston, the Reverend Joseph Prujl, Junior, Bartholomew Pruft, John Silke Prujl, John Partridge, Francis Painter, John Pearje, the Reverend John Rowe, the Reverend Samuel Rooker, Thomas Reed, William Smith, Montague Edward Smith, Henry Storeman, Junior, the Reverend John Torr, William Short Tyeth, William Tucker, Anthony Tucker, William Tar drew, John Tribble, Robert Studley Vidal, John Vowler, Junior, James Hamlyn Williams, the Reverend Richard Walter, the Reverend William Walter, Edward Walter, William Walter, Junior, Richard Walter, John Walter, Junior, Hugh Oxenham Walter, Richard Walter, of Bradworthy, William Walter, of Bradworthy, John Willcock, Junior, George Willcock, Thomas John Willcock, Leonard Wood, and William Wood, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts) shall be, and are hereby appointed Trustees, and added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or elected, by or in purl'uance of the said recited Acts, for putting in Execution the said Acts, and this Act, and all the Powers thereby and hereby given and granted.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

III. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said first recited Act, have Tolli. been found insufficient, Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that indead thereof, there shall be demanded and taken, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any Gate, or Turnpike erected, or to be erected on the said Roads, or on any Part thereof, such Tolls as the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several and respective Sums following: (that is to say)

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or Taxed Cart, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling, and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Nine-pence, and drawn by One Horse,

Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Five or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling, and drawn by Three or Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence, and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence, and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence.

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Carriage used for the Purpose of drawing or carrying Timber, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, and the Axletrees of which shall be draighr, drawn by Eight Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings, and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be draight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings.

For every such Carriage having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, and the Axletrees of which shall be draight, drawn by Seven Horses,

Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be draight, drawn by the like Number of Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings.

For every such Carriage having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface

12

47° GEORG 11 ILI. Cap. 2.

face, and the Axletrees of which shall be straight, drawn by Five or Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a leis Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be straight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Twelve Shillings.

For every such Carriage having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface* and the Axletrees of which shall be straight, drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be straight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught the Sum of Eight Shillings.

For every such Carriage, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, and the Axletrees of which shall be straight, drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be straight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings.

For every such Carriage, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, the Axletrees of which shall be straight, drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and having the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inches, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axle-trees of which shall not be straight, drawn by the like Number of Horses, Oxen or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings.

And for every such Carriage, having the Fellies of all the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, with a cylindrical and even Surface, the Axletrees of which shall be straight, drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and havin'* the Fellies of any of the Wheels of a less Breadth than Six Inched, or with a Surface not cylindrical or even, or the Axletrees of which shall not be straight, drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaile, Curricle, Calafti, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or Taxed Cart, and for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, which shall pass on a Sunday through any Gate or Turnpike ereScd or to be erected, on the said Roads, a Toll equal to One Third more of the Tolls hereinbefore made payable; and for all other Carriages, Horles, Marcs, Geldings, Mules, Asses, Qxen, or other Cattle whatsoever, so passing on a Sunday double the Tolls herein made payable; which laid several and respective Tolls hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees for executin'*

the

*3

SnI. , Bfndtj !> *ihe

Twelve

1 or the Saruce,

•h»5

hkH

!’(.% or

Vanber

Eight

of the 2, uid lories,

S *ad

i left

’tt.Ot

wist i fns

i of (be Surface, Horl'es, inning; kto ihaa t Aik-aber of i Three

Is of the Soracc, rsc. Ox, oaring: Inches, rf which M of

CdA , Hor.f, crafing> Ot&A k Thin1 jj, oihcf

gf OlhC‘

i here'0 pitM

jec

tie

4/ GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

the said Acts, and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be colltded, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Powers, Provisions, Remedies, and Re-ftridions as are contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this General Ex-Ad the Exemptions granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed, and emptiow. that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts,

Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty, to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel,* or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of the said Roads lie 5 or any Hay,

Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung,

Lime, Marl, Sullage, Comport, or other Manure, employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Land; or any Stone, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts,

Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty, to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plaster, Timber, or other Materials to be used for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, House, Out-house, Barn,

Stable, or Hovel, within the same Parish where such Bricks, Lime, Stone,

Plaster, Timber, or other Materials shall be made, got, or cut down; or for any Horses, or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture, or Watering Places, or for any Horses going to be, or returning from being ft.oecl, or from any Person going to, or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to, or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his parochial or minillerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed, or to be employed' in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prefles, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, guarding, or fetching such Mails, or Ex-prclfcs, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horses,

Cans, or Waggons attending upon Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or (or any Horlcs surnifticd by, or for any Persons belonging to [Lc. fc? Per.] D any

14

Particular

Exemption.

For the Pay. jnent of Creditors.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them irl going to, or returning from the Place appointed for, or on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have the Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrement according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption, or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafles, or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or other Carriage, or for any Horse or other Bead, conveying any Person or Persons to or from any F.ledlion of a Knipht or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Devon, during the Time of such Elcdlion, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded: And if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entirled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pav, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Paul Orchard, Esquire, or his Heirs or Adigns, or his or their Servants, shall not be chargeable with, or compellable to pav, any of the Tollsor Duties made payable by this Act.ac any Gate to be eroded in orwithin OneMile o (Stoke, in the Parish of Hartland, for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Dray, or other Carriage, or for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Draught, drawing or not drawing, belonging to the said Paul Orchard, or his Hrirs or Adigns, which shall be used or employed upon any of the Farms of the said Paul Orchard, in the said Parish of Hartland, or for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, Mule, or Afs, or other Bead or Cattle going to or returning from the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at any Time or Times when it shall appear to the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, that the said Roads are in good Repair, and that the clear unappropriated Sum of Fifty Pounds, or more, after reserving the Amount of the Intered that shall be then due on the Money owing on the said Roads, is in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said' Trustees, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, to cause the Number of all Deeds Poll granted by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, for learning the principal Monies lent upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon diflindt Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of as many of the said Deeds Poll, as are intended to be paid off', shall be drawn leparacely out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Trustees; and, after every such Balloc, the said Trustees shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given to or less at the lad, or usual Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off", together with the

Intcred

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Interest due thereon, and that the same shall be paid on a Day, and at 4 Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than Three Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the principal Money to be f > paid off, shall, from and after the Day so fuecified, cease, and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded, pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the principal Money, in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof, to the Day to be so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts as Statute relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Roads, shall be, Worlc* and the fame is hereby repealed j and that all Persons, who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall (fill remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, or for the said Town of Bideford, or either of them, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, cr by their Order, yearly t > adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants or the respective Parishes or Places in which che said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of, or as a Compofuion for, such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons, who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Compofuion for, such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be diiedted by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways ;and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may ailot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work, in every Year, upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who, by such Lilts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Compoficion for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof, as the said Justices

shall

16 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they, the said Justices, shall direct; and in default or I r*y-ment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and bale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Performs liable to the Pry.-ment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by the said recited Acts are authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing, given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subjtdl or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; or if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or (Ball be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn-off the Person who shall be so found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads j all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for any of the said Parishes or Paces, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or thill knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shal), for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Application

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or fation^Wo"* agTCe<^> or awarddd to be paid for any Lands, 1 enements, or Hereditary^ " rrents, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited amounting Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any to 200I. Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Feoffee in Trult, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cejlique Trust, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in cale the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signitied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, iT-svu jc jxjji 2* Lmq oj babiaw# bxmsV

if

47° GEORGII III; Cap. i.

as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afiefting the fame Lands, Tei ncments, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be (o applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be lb purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled, or limited, or such of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect, and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds/ifrCfw/K»Consolidated, or Three Pounds/vr Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meanTimc, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be orderedby the laidCourt to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Ids than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their re<pc£tive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trullees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Live or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in an) Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Calc be applicable* •without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money fa agreed or awarded to be paid as next beforfc-mentioned, shall be less than [btt* tf Eer.\ E Twenty

Application of Compensation, if left than coot, and not exceeding xol.

Apt>licat'"n cf Compensation, if left than aol.

i8 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied t6 the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Or, if Persons cannot be found, Purchase

iBank.

Sabjeft to

on Motion er Petition

In case of

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to out Titlesf wh°m any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, tS the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-Money to be tnments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it paid into the shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Control, the Counof and Difposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery* Chancery,0 on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or J ’* ! Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receiptor Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenement, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments robe purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities; the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or; Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person

Where any Question shall arile, touching the Title to Money to be paid the Person who shall be in Possession at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled there-

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 19

or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be to, according deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, 1>jf"

or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall "..

be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Paid Cotirc of Chancer,’; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless ic shall be made appear to the Lid Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Efface or Interest therein.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Dif-ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased tinder the Authority of the said recited Acts, and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, Tind Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid by the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the firII Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken Public Act! to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and be in Force, and be executed, for and during the Kefidue now to come and unexpired of the Terms granted by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act,

For paying Expences of the Act.

The Court of Chance'y may order reasonable Expences of Purchases, to he paid by Trustees;

v*

;i l*’fiBf iH

r

:; !■/ :■ fry •

»— rt-rO rr

-.; i

fVA! - !’"

,^o' i .•■'■ 3

, •- . i Ol

- , - . n.

■ i ■'■! iiom s.ii

i - j- . if. *J.J . . ii J.

*: a j ) v><: .: M I

I

A

wfiwl ift A

III. REGIS

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

0/>. 3.

! *U’ * f r| li .*3

tjwzs.-A ‘J #53A •laoit^ara

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts made in the Fourthand Twenty-Fifth Years of His present Majesty for reparing the Road from sJfhborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar-Bridge to the present Turnpike Road, from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place called Openivood-Gate, and from Belpar-Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby.

[ 17th March 1807.]

jjniviA ' •t> o‘ ' -•* S',r-*,iJ3'r ">0 yav

WHEREAS an Act was made in the "Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An AcrTor widening and xt repairing the Road leading from Jfjkiorne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar-Bridge to the present Turnpike Roadj!lfmri Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place called Openweod •* Gdfe,‘and from Belpar-Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Dsrbyf 'And whereas atidther Adf was made in the Twenty-fifth Yeai* pr-the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for enlarging the * Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reigrt «* of His present'‘Majesty intituled An Act for widening and repairing

« the Road leading from Ashborne in the County of Derby, over Belpir-« Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chester field to " Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar-* Bridge to Ripley in the County of Derby And whereas the Trustees appoinred in or by virtue of the said Acts, have made great Progress in The Execution thereof, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money •upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, but find that The said Itoads cannot be effefluaffy amended, widened, and kept in 1 [ZA. 6? Peri] F Repair,

4 G. j. c. 8r.

*5 G. j.

C. 121.

22

Aftt further continued.

General Exemption!.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts, are further continued and the Powers thereof amended: May it therefore please your Majesty, That ic may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Provisoes, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby repealed) shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed, for and during the Term hereafter mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads therein mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and the additional Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to'the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the said Roads, and of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts, or of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the F.xemptions granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey, only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Grave), or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Sullage, Compost, or other Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stones, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plaster, Timber, or other Material* to be used for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, House, Out-house. Barn, Stable, or Hovel within the same Parlh where such Bricks Lime, Stone, Plaster, Timber, or other Materials shall be made, got! or cut down; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Palture or Watering-Places, or for any Horses going to be, or returning from being (hoed, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which

Divine

47*G£ORCII MI. Cap. 3.

Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, of attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horles, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority ot His Majesty's Postmaller General, either when employed in conveying, guarding, or fetching such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending upon Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them, with their Arms, or Baggage; nor for any Horses furnished by, or for any Periods belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, or on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have the Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash,

Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Beast conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Derby and Nottingham during the Time of such Election or Elections, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim, or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts, s<atut« as relate to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Roads, shall Work, be and the fame is hereby repealed; and thac all Persons, who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall (fill remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Derby and Nottingham, or either of them, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Tru flees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie j and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time,

24

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices at iome Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Re* pairs of the Public Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justice* shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors dial), from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as tht said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said . Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distreft and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by the said recited Acts are authorised or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect orrefufe to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hotfe or Horses, Bead or Beasts, to be providrd by himl her, or them, be subject and liable to /uch Pains, Penalties, arid.Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; or if any Person who shall rome to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person whodhall be so found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe, every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work.on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to tht.Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied towards amending the said Roads 5 and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in faftc or imperfect Lifts,

every

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 3. 25

every such Surveyor, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- of Compen-ditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall 20c|. belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committer, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not befo applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled, or limited •, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum, Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities •, and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so ^/>£g""°nn aoreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- °atj0nmfn"is

a\_Loc. & Per.] G taments

26

than aool. and exceeding zol.

Application of Compensation, if left than 201-

In case of

not making out Title;.

Or if Personj cannot he found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

47° GF.ORGII III. Cap. 3.

laments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of 1 wo hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians; Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act; (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order thac such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, lo far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the-Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next betorementioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would ior the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees (hill I think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Uie and Benefit of such Person or Persons lo entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, shall retule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in cale such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privicy of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of

27

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

of any Person or Persons, making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall leem meet, to order the same to be laid our and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estateor Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question Where any shall arise, touching the Title of an^ Person to any Money to be paid Question into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Title to Mo-Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or ney ro be of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Here- Pald> the ditaments to be purchased, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, and /h^beln0 this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Possession at Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Time of the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pofifeflion of such ?uIfhfr<!’ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase,

and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the entitled Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to thereto, have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any Dif- The Court of ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled Chancery

to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the afo°aMe Authority of the said recited Acts, and this Act, the Purchase Money Expences of for the lame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, Parchafesto and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or He- be Paid reditaments, to be lettled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said re- ,u eet' cited Acts, and this Act., it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, and this Act, or lb much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said T'-ultees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, who shall, from Time

28

For paying Expences of the Act.

[Public Act.]

Continuance of the Act.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Coils, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of* the said Acts, or this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act [shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, withouc being specially pleaded.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, (subject to the Alterations in this Act contained,) shall continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence *to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan; Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

, ■: { \ i joA

> in ■! i'.i > •*/»: ': 1 'f.’lJi'J

ttd:

ialij

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

bject

w,

rertn

tpw.

trout

GEORGII III. REGIS.

liiH,

Cap. 4.

An Act for extending to Sums of greater Amount than Forty Shillings) the Provisions of Three Acts, passed in the Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackbeath, Bromley, and Beckenham, Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Lejfmfs, in the County of Kent; and of IVal-lingtcn, in the County of Surrey; and for amending the said Acts.

[17th March 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and 5 G. 3.C. 8. speed'j Recovery of Small Debts, within the Hundreds of Black-heath, of Bromley, and Beckenham, of Rokefiey othenmje Ruxley, and of Little and Lefsness, in the County of Kent: And whereas one ether Act was made in the Sixth Year <1 die Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending the Provifr ns of an Act, made in the la/i 6 G. 3, c. 6. Session of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Smalt Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheath. of Bromley, and Beckenham, of Rokefiey otherwise Ruxley, and cf Little and LefTncfs, in the County of Kent,/e the Hundred of Wallington, in the County c/'Surrey: And where- 10<T t Q 29-as another Act was made in the 1 enth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual. the said Two [Loc. fsf Per.] ' H Acts

3°

Jurisdiction of the Court extended to Sums not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Commissioners of former Acts to execute this Act.

Regulations as to what Number of Commissioners shall be frefent.

Clerks appointed under the former Acts to be continued.

For ascertaining who shall be Plaintiffs and Defendants.

47° GEORGII III.- Cap. 4.

Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His said Majesty's Reign: And whereas the said Acts have been found useful and beneficial; but the same are, in some Respects, defective and insufficient fully to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that some of the Provisions of the said Acts should be amended and enlarged: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade in the said Hundreds, and to the necessary Support and Protection of useful Credit within the same, if the Powers of the said recited Acts were extended to the Recovery of Small Debts not exceeding Five Pounds; May it therefore please If our Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Acts, as confine or restrain the Cognizance or Jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the said Hundreds to any Debt or Debts not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Commissioners who are or shall be nominated and appointed in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, some or one of them, arc and shall be Commissioners for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Regulations, Powers, and Authorities contained in the said recited Acts, touching or concerning the Nomination or Appointment of such Commissioners, were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That on the Hearing, Examination, 3nd Determination of each and every Action, Cauie or Question, for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Ihree at lead of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court; and on the Hearing, Examination, and Determination of each and every Action, Cause, or Question,- for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five at lead of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks duly deded under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall remain and continue to be such Clerks of the said Court of Request, for the Execution of the Purposes in the said recited Acts and in this Act contained, subject and liable to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said recited Acts and this Act contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Pc.son or Persons, whether residing within the said Hundreds or any of them, or elsewhere, and all Bodies, Politick or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or diet Corporate, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any such Debt or Debts as is or are described in the said recited Acts or any of them, or any other Debt or Debts (save and except such as are herein excepted) owing or due to, or claimed or demanded by such Pctfon or Pcfions, Bodies'Politick or

, 7 Corporate,

ti

9f

Xi

ns

k

iid

k

to

it.

to I of to. yd

IB)

od

ad

ics

itn

Eid

w,

:ot

M. bon, s.t: At

item.

Soil-

aa dr

l asd [SCO* lined,

can-

lerlfca

theflU icitii5 iart» ■fiScd Debts o, «r t cr

47* GEORGII all. Cap. 4. s*

Corporate, and Fraternities or Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or PtjrLns to whom he, she, or they shall be Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, and for which Debt or Debts he, she, or they shall de.r.and any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds from any Person or Persons whomsoever reading or inhabiting within the Did Hundreds, or either of them, or keeping any House, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or let-king a Livelihood, or trading or dealing within the said i undreds, or either of them, to cause such Debtor or Debtors, Person or Pelfont from whom such Debt or Debts shall be due or owing, or claimed or demanded, and so resident Inhabitant, or keeping any House, Warehouse, Shop, Shed,

Stall, or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned by personal Service, or by a printed or written Summons left at the Dwelling House, Lodgings, or Place of Abode, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or any other Place of Dealing of such Debtor or Debtors, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to appear before the Conunissioners of the said Court at such Time and Piace as in such Summons

shall be expressed, in such and the same Manner, and under and

subject to such and the fame Powers, Process, and Method of Proceeding*

Orders, Judgements, Decrees, and Executions, as are mentioned, expressed, enacted, and declared, in and by the said recited Acts or any of them; and the said Commissioners shall and may in or by such their Orders, Dectees, and Judgements, order and direct the Payment of any such Debt or Debts to be made either in one Sum at once, or by Inltal-ments at Rated Periods, as they shall see Cause, and deem just and reasonable; and every such Order, Decree, Judgement, and Proceeding so to be made, shall be registered in a Book or Books as the fame have been d " accustomed to be registered, and such Registry shall be made by the said Clerks or one of them, or their or his Efficient Deputies or Deputy, and the Party Plaintiff o. F ties Plaintilis, and the Debtor or Defendant,

Debtors or Deled acts, whom any such Order, Decree, Judgement, or Proceeding shall respectively concern, shall observe, perform, and keep the fame respectively in all points: Provided always, that no such Order,

Decree, Judgement, or Proceeding, shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record a(. Westminster or elsewhere

VI. And, for better regulating the Siuings of t’je said Court, be it To rotate further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall nor hold the said the Sittings Court, 01 hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Cause cr causes, py Court, virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or any of them, ( ut between the Hou'S of Ten of the Clock in the rotenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and that nothing in the Lid recited Acts or in this Act, or any of them contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the Attendance of any PJaintiflor Plaintiffs, De-feucant or Defendants, Witness or Witness' in the said Court, in pur-juance of any Order or Summons, issued out f the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, lave and except betw&n the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Cicck in the Afternoon.

34

Minors may sue for Wages.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

diction of the said Court, as they the said Commissioners shall think, fit and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be fonno, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County of Kent or Surrey, where the Offence shall be committed (as the Case may be) for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, shall be due to any menial or other Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shop nan, Shopwo-man, A Aidant, Labourer, or any other Person whosoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall be lawful for such Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Allistant, Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court of Requeds, in the same Manner as if he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or any Five or more of them, according to the Amount of such Debt, are hereby fully authorized and required in such Cases to take Cognizance of and proceed concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have such and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

in certain Cafes.

The Court

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall not have contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend so as to enable the Jurisdiction said Commissioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any Chattels, Real whatsoever shall be brought or come into quedion, nor on any Debt which shall not be for the Payment of a Sum certain, nor on any Debt for any Sum, being the Balance of an Account on Demand, originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate elsewhere than in the said Hundreds, or one of them, or by reason of any Cause concerning Tefiament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition for or by way of Retainer of Tythes, or for any Matter fuable therein; any Tiling in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Plaintiffs shall 

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be not have commenced in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for

Actions* a"y ^e,3t not exceecfint-r the Sum of Five Pounds, and recoverable by

fuable in this virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or either of them, in the Court ami said Court of Requests, then and in every inch Cafe the Plaintiff or

brought else- plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for hint,

her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Cods whatsoever; and if the Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court ot Requests, then and in every such Case such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the lame as any Delendaut or Defendants

may

35

47° GEORGII III. Cty.4.:

may have for his, her or their Costs in any Case by Law: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conftnied to extend, to prevent or restrain any Person or Persons from makiue Distress for Rent, and thereby recovering such Rent with Colts, although the fame Rent shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

' r-r * \ G

XV. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Li mi- Statute of

tations may be pleaded in the said Court of Requests, be it further Limitations enacted, That all Defendants in the said Court shall be allowed in

to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations now in being, thL Court, or hereafter to be made; and every Defendant so pleading and claiming

shall have and receive such or the like Advantage or Relief thereby, as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he or she had been sued for the fame Debt, or other Cause of Action, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westmittsler. or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whoso- Regulations ever, who shall be committed to any Gaol or Prison by Order of the said as to the Court of Requests, shall be kept or continued in Custody on any Pres length °ji tence whatsoever slave and except as may be herein excepted) for any be im-' longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her, or their Com- prisoned un-mitment to Prison, than is or are next herein-after limited in that Behalf der this Act, (that is to say) where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does mot exceed

Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept-or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exckifive of Costs) does not exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed the Sum of Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty' Days1; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does noc exceed Five Pounds, theti not more than One hundred Days, from the Time of such his, her or their Commitment; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Gaols and Ftifons are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly, t r isU'JiVia■ sifit ;• !*»'*»-' 1,1 tffOiflF'

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pa fling of Regulations this Act, all and every Person and Persons. who shall be taken in Exe- as io such cution, under or by virtue of any Process ifiiiing from or out of the Md Imprison-^ Court of Requests, and who at the Tims of being taken into Custody, or than' during, his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall have more than: One Exe- one E*ecu-cution against him, her, or them in the said Court, he, file, dr they bar. issues. shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each and every Execution (that is to say) after the Time so limited on the lirft Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the Second Execution shall■ commence, and after the Time so limited on the Second Execution is expired,

the Imprisonment on the Third Execution shall commence, and so c« until lie, flie, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited for1 and in respect of each and every separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being rtaken into Custody, or during his, her, or them Imprisonment; atiy Law,

:Usage, or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,

r . 1. ;.' t: XVIII. And

36 '

If ny Debtor, concealing Money or Goods, the Time of his Imorifon men* shall be enlarged.

debtors not liable to pay Gaol Fees.

Two Justices may determine such Offence.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

XVIII. And in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned lor Debts to the said Court from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods, be it further enacted, That in case upon the Summon!? of any Person lor any Debt or Debts before the Paid Coun, Information of any such Practice Ijiall be Liven to the said Court, then and in such Case such Court fha'il have Power to hear Evidence as to such fraudulent Concealment $ and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath cf One or more Witness or Witnesses, or being a Quaker or Quakers, 01 Affirmation (which Oath and Affirmation the said Court is hereby empowered to admiriifter) that any such Debtor has Money or Goods which he or (be has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then and in evqry such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment to any Period in Addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person, impTifon-ed by virtue of this Act, shall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of Imprisonment, be discharged and set at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of any Gaol or Prison, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the Gaol or Prison, or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners, after the Time by this Act limited for his or their Iftipiifonmect, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person, shall for every such o ffence forfeit and pay the Sum of i wenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to an! for any Two Julhces of the Peace for the Jab County of Kent or County of Surrey, within their t effective Jurisdictions, to hear and determine every such Offence, and such Two Justices are hereoy authorized ..nd rtquired, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before tiiem of such Offence having been committed, in caie such Information shall ue exhibited or Complaint made wit in Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party atcufed, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confeflioh of the l aity accused, to five Judgement or Sentence for such Penalty or Foiftiture aforesaid; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith p.id, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture, by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distief and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case sufficient Dilbefs shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol for the said County of Kent or County of Surey (as the" Case may be) for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture and all Colls and Charges attending such Conviction, be (ooner paid and discharged; and one Moiety of such Penalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

paid to the Person or I’ersons informing or suing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and the fame fh. II be by the said Commissioners distributed anongst the Poor of the Parish where the Oifence shall be committed, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums of Money hereinafter limited and expressed, and no other, (had be taken by the Clerk and Beadle, or other Officer of the said Court of Requests, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, in lieu and in stead of the Fees and Sums of Money limited and expressed in the said recited Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; (that is to say),

10 Y-.ii>] 1 io ii > > id Oil Debts On Debit

CLERKS* FEES. Forty Shillings. Shilling*..

s* d. d.

For every Summons ----- I 0 2 0

For every Summons for the Attendance of not more 1

than Two Witnesses j I o 2 O

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before the Cour O 3 o 6 i

For entering an Appearance o 6 I 0

For a Nonsuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing- I o I o

For paying Money into Court - I o 2 O

For every Hearing ----- I 0 2 O

For a Copy of every Order upon a Hearing and of 1

every Judgement of Nonsuit - - - J

For an Execution - 2 6 3 6

For acknowledging Satisfaction in part - o 4 o 4

For acknowledging Satisfaction in full - o 9 i 6

For every Search - - 0 3 o 6

For swearing every Witness ... ° 3 o o'

For giving Notice to the Plaintiff, if required,of the "1

Service of his Execution J

BEADLES’ FEES.

For the Service of every Summons on Defendant - o 8 I o

For the Service of every Summons on a Witness - o 4 o 6

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before the Cour o * o 3

For the Service of every Order upon a Hearing,")

and of every Judgement of Nonsuit - - j o 4

For levying anExecution on Debts not exceeding f

Fifteen shillings j

AboveFifteen Shillings and not exceeding Twenty 1

Shillings - J

Above Twenty Shillings and not exceeding Forty J

Shillings - J

Above Forty Shillings and not exceeding Sixty Shil- f

lings J o v

Above Sixty Shillings and not exceeding Eighty |

Shillings ... - - - - J

Above Eighty Shillings .... - . - 5 ®

[Z.w. Ss* Per.] K XXI. And

Regulations as to Officers, Fees.

35

Compensation to be made to the Counsel of the Marshall-fca Court.

Limitation of Actions.

Provisions o f the former Act to apply to this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

XXI. And whereas the Four Counsel of the ancient Court of the Marshalsea and Court of His Majesty's Palace at Westminster, who hold their Offices for the Terms of their natural Lives respectively, and who have been made chargeable by Parliament, and actually affidled to the Land Tax for their Freeholds in their said Offices, will sustain great Loss by this present Act, unfefs a Compensation shall be made to them for the fame; be if therefore enacted, That tile Clerk or Clerks of the said Court of Requests for the Time being Khali, and they are hereby required, out of the Fee? limited or to be limited to hitrt arid them, by virtue of this present Act, to pay or cause to be paid, unto Jdm'et, jfgar, Benjamin Hnyt, 'Henry Sfe/kci, and Thefnas C^/^'Esquires^-tfrt present Counsel of thesaidCoutt of Marshalsea and Court bf Hrs Majesty's Palace of Westmin-Jier, as a Compensation for the Loss they will sustain in their said Offices by this present Act, for and during the Term of their respective natural Lives, the yearly Sum of Twenty-eight Pounds each of lawful Money of Great Britain (free and clear of and from all Charges and Deductions whatsoever) to be paid to them severally and respectively,'yearly and every Year, at or upon tile several Feast Days following (that is to say) the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, the Feast of Saint Mkhael the Archangel, the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord, and the Feast* of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to begin and be made at or upon the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist next after the passing of this Act: Provided always,-, that if any of the said Annuities shall be in Arreaf and unpaid, for the Space of Ten Days after the fame Khali become due, then and in such Case it Khali and may be lawful for the Person or Persons thereto entitled, to recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or Action of Affump-Kit, for Money had and received to hk or their Use, which Action Khaif and may be brought againstr the find Glbrks of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, when the said Annuity shall be so due, or either of them, at the' Election of the Person or Persons then entitled to the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, Thnt no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said1 recited Acts and of this Act, or any of them, for or on account of any Order, Determination, Judgement, or Decree of any of the said Commissioners, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be given in Writing or'be left at the Office of either of the Clerks of the said Court, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall have arisen; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action arid Suit may plead the Getieral Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the said Cafes the Defendant ot Defendants shall have Double Cqfts, and shall have the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in dny Cafe by 'Law.

XXnl. Provided always, That the said recited Acts, and all every the Power?, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively 11 . - contained.

3*

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

contained, shall, so far as the same are not varied, altered, or repealed, or otherwise provided for, by this present Act, be as good, valid, and effectual, for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any Person or Persons from levying Plaints in the Court of the King’s Palace of Westminster, of all and all Manner of Trespasses vi et armis, Trespaifes upon the Cafe, Debt, Account, Detinue of Goods and Chattles, Deceits and Contracts, and all other personal causes, Plaints, and Pleas, or from bringing any Action or Actions whatsoever for Rent, in the same Manner as he or they might have done in case this Act had not been passed, but subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to so much and such Part or Parts of the said recited Acts, as relate to or concern the suing for and Recovery of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money not amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, ar elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven; and be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act't, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1867.

Persons may sue in certain Cafes as before the Act

Publick A&;

e

V ' " ‘ *!&Jm r*«

St'j n

I IIOHO 0 '

."•■j ihy 4 ,'-'t si *ri w

■V: 1: r. ■:/. b ' . I

r 1 ‘ r i"i - ' 1

'I ." :■ . . :i A -5 ;• . vrrs

, Iff B <jL wll

■. li

c /; •' '4 }ii<f, a n«4 ton

> . - I to frjl HouT L 'jj

!'- :r. . v vi' :; io tot

■ >1 i) i J . J 21.' t» r. r - JsO

\ ---vioa

/ O." .>I

,• . I

.. ' .*r.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 5.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in the Eighth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty for amending the Road from Christopher s Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-East End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge.

[17th March 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending " the Road from Christopher s Bridge, in the Borough of " ’Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-Fast End of the "Town of Newmarket, in the County of CambridgeAnd whereas another Act was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers " of an Act for amending the Road from Christopher’s Bridge} in the " Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-East " End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge And whereas great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Road, and several considerable Sums of Money are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said £s? Per.] L Acts,

8 Geo. 3* Cap. 5j.

10 Geo. 3. Cap. 60.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

Acts, which cannot be paid off, nor the Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please your Majesty; That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem-Acts further bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, continued. and all the l owers, Provisoes, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed, for and during the Term hereafcer mentioned, for the Purpose of tepiiring, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road therein mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and the additional Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the said Road, and of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts, or of this Act, and of all kuereft now due and to grow due for the fame reflectively.

42

General Exemptions.

•t

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Exemptions granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, and going empty to carry or convey, only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of the said Road doth lie, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, only not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, of on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed iu carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, for the Purpose only of using or repairing the fame, or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place, any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Soilage, Compost, or other Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stones, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land; or for any Waggons Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Bricks, Lime, Stone, Platter, Timber, or other Materials to be used for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, House, Out-house, Barn, Stable, or Hovel within the same Parish where such Bricks Lime, Stone, Flatter, Timber, or other Materials shall be made, got’ ;or cut dow n; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from t i v - - Failure

: 4?rf GEORGII III. ' Cap: 5.

Pasture or watering Places, or for any Hcrfes going to be, or return* ing irom being (hoed; or from any Perl'on go rig to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any Other Day oh Vvhiqh Divine'Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attendirtg the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parities, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader General, either when employed in conveying, guarding, or fetching such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending upon Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them, with their Arms, or Baggage; nor for any Horses furnished by, or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, or on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Peffotrs be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have the Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fenc by legal Fades; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Bead conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge during the Time-of such Election or Elections, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim, or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forleit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this x0!u. Act the Tolls granted by the said first recited Act shall cease and determine, and in lieu thereof there shall be demahded and taken at each of the Turnpike Gates, erected or to be erected on the said Road, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, from Time to Time, appoint to receive the same, before any Horle, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage whatsoever '(ball be permitted to pass through the fame, the following Tolls, that is to say;

For fevery Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For^tvcry Chaise, drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny:

,44

Statute

Work.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

for every Coach, Machine, Landau, Berlin Chariot, Hearse, Curricle, Chaise, or Calalh, drawn by Two Horses, the Sum of Nine Pence: For every such Carriage, drawn by Four Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every such Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Cart, drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny: For every Cart, drawn by Two Horses, not having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, from Side to Side, the Sum of Nine Pence:

For every Cart, not having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, from Side to Side, drawn by more than Two Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, from Side to Side, not drawn by more than Two Horses, the Sum of Sixpence; and if drawn by more than Two Horses, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, not having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, from Side to Side, drawn by not more than Four Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and if drawn by Four or more Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence:

For every Waggon, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, from Side to Side, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence per Score; and so in Proportion for every greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny per Score; and so in Proportion for every greater or less Number.

Ail which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken, in the Name of, and as a Toll, and the Money so to be raised and collected shall be and is hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Parc thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned, and shall be recovered in such Manner as is by the said first recited Act directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts, as relate to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that all Persons, who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto as heretolore; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, or either of them, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon

the

4.7° GEORG 11 IIL Cap. 5.

the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road does lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every loch Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; a^d in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to iummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lids before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving Inch Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of.Payment thereof, the fame, shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by the said recited Acts are authorised or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufud Place or Places of Abode for that , by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horle or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or hffect for the Repair of the Public Highways; or if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be lo found idle or negligent [Loc. £sf Per j M

46

Application of Compensation, if amounting to 2001.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

as aforesaid; and in that Cafe, every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refilled to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parities or Places shall refuse or willfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall alter, vary, or determine the Proportion of Statute Work directed to be done by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Saint Peter, Saint Mary, and Saint Cuthbert, within the said Borough of Thetford, in and by the said first recited Act, which Propcrtion shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiare, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, aie limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any PerLn under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, to the intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said. Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled, or

limited

47

4/° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

limited; or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyar.ee and Settlement, shall be exilting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such I’urchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends ants annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and final 1 exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Coure of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act; (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenrv Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to she Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then

Application of Compen. lation, if less than 2col. and exceeding 20 1.

Application of Compensation, if less than 20I.

48

la case of r.ot making out Titles.

Or if Persons cannot be found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Sank. Subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Questionfhill arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who Stall be in Possession at the Time of such Purchase, Stall be deemed entitled thereto, according to futh Possession.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commitrees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, fiiali refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises. to the Satisfaction of the said Truste< s, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said "urn or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Cdefcribing them), subject to the Order, Cor.troul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons, making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a luminary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; 2nd the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question, shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be, purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ment

49

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

merit*, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estateor Interest therein.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any Dif- The Court of ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled Chancery

to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts, and this Act, the Purchase Money Expence. of for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, Purchases to and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or He- he paid by reditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said re- Iruft:es-cited Acts, and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And whereas, there have been some Irregularities in the Appoint. Trustees laments of some Persons to be Trustees of the said Road ■, Be it therefore demnified for enacted, That no Person or Persons, who at any Time or Times previous to the passing of this Act, shall have acted as a Trustee or Truf- , Tiafiy »P.

tees by virtue of any such Appointment, shall be liable to any Action, pointed. Suit, or Prosecution whatsoever, for his or their having so acted, notwithstanding any Defect or Irregularity in the Appointment or Appointments of such Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees, and that all Appointments of, and Acts done, or to be done, by such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the fame Force and Validity as the fame or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons had been regularly appointed a Trustee or Trustees of the said Road: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, toquafh any Actions or Suita which may be depending at the Time of the passing of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences For paving incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be E^pence. d paid by the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, ,heAct-or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts, or this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public Ac:, taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

[Loc. fcf Per.] N ^uch

50 47° GEORGII III. Cap.

such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Continuance ^ct> 'k* Terms granted by the said recited Acts shall cease and deter-nf ihe Act. *"'"*» and that from thenceforth the said recited Act$ (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue, and Jie in Force and be executed for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-• Jiament.

LONDON.: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew STkAHAN; Printers to the King’s mud Excellent Majesty, 1807.

i'J io1

‘ '5 ■

S: L

A /Lb...

{'■ Sy*!) Y-

1 V I *l V- f; ",f J M i ’>0

■ v P,

phv i or

> ,r>/\

, ji'di.not

"! Lav bn

KHv

m

' U i’tt. «•':) if 'll\

P ui I tfi3.tr f

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPT1MO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 6.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Honiton Turnpike Road, near Yard Farm, in the Parish of Upottery, in the County of Devon, to the Ilminster Turnpike Road, near the Village of Horton, in the Parish of Ilminster, in the County of Somerset. [ x 7 th MarcJo 1807.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Honiton Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Yard Farm, in the Parish of Upottery, in the County of Devon, through the several Parishes of Upottery and Tar combe, in the said County of Devon, and White-Stanton, Buckland Saint Mary, Combe Saint Nicholas, White-Lackington, Broadway, Donyatt and Ilminster, in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the Ilminster Turnpike Road at or near the Village of Horton, in the Parish of Ilminster aforesaid, is very circuitous and hilly, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and the said Road cannot be effectually fnortened, levelled, widened, amended, and kept in good Repair by means of the Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways; but if the said Road were properly altered, levelled, widened, amended, and repaired, it would facilitate and improve the Communication between the Towns of Honiton and Ilminster and the adjoining Neighbourhood, and [Lee. £sf P*rF\ 0 would

54

Tmfteei

Names.

Power to

GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

would otherwise be of great publlck Utility; May it therefore please Your Majesty that jt may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Lord Yif-count Hinton, the Right Honourable John Hiley Addington, Sir Thomas Graves Knight of the Bath, Sir William Templer Pole Baronet, Sir Lawrence Palk Baronet, Sir John Kennaway Baronet, Robert Aberdein, Richard Abraham Clerk, Roger Andrews Clerk, William Avjlin, William Banger , John Baker, John Pollexfen Bastard, Edward Baker, James Bafleigh, James Bernard, Bennett, William Blackmore, William Bond, Thomas Bcw-

dage, John Broughton, Richard Brown, Theophilus Clarke, John Colesworthy, Henry Colesworthy, Henry Powell Collins, John Collins, John Collins the Younger, Thomas Collins, Richard Thomas Combe, Edward Combe Clerk, John Cooke, William Trevelyan Cox Clerk, William Huddy Cox, William Elijha De Vifme, John Eafon, Isaac Elton, Charles Fanfharwe, Joseph Felt-ham, Christopher Flood, Richard Graves, Nicholas Gay Clerk, Courtenay Gidley, Robert Hallett, John Hanning, William Hanning, Edward Harrison, John Harward, Stephen Hayman, Edward Holland, Edward Honywood Clerk, Doctor of Laws, Thomas Hopkins Clerk, William Hottfe, Thomas Hutchings, William Hutchings, Thomas Jordon, John Jesse, Thomas Kerf-lake, John Kejlell, Richard King, Thomas Frye Lewis Clerk, Samuel Lott, Harry Baines Lott, John Lathy, Richard Lewis Clerk, Vincent Langworthy, William Marshall, William MichelI Clerk, John Mitchell Clerk, John Hawes Mules Clerk, William Palmer Clerk, Francis Palmer Clerk, John Abraham Palmer, John Pidgeon, Edward Bryanflon Portman, Reymundo Putt, Thomas Putt Clerk, Stephen Robinson Doctor of Physic, Caleb Rockett, John Rogers, John Rogers Clerk, William Rogers, William Roffeter, Robert Hooper Scott, John Slatter, Thomas Slatter, Robert Slatter, Atwell Small Doctor of Divinity, William Srnark, William Smark the Younger, Richard ‘Marshall Smark, William Speke, Richard Toller, Henry Tripp, John 1 'ooze, John Tooze the Younger, James Tcrwnfend, William Tucker, Wdlia.in John Tucker Clerk, Edward Raw Vere, Timothy Wallington and Mdlachi Wallington, and their Successors to be defied as here-in-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, altering, levelling, widening, repairing, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair a Convenient Carriage Road from the Honiton Turnpike Road at qr near Yard Farm aforesaid. through the several Parishes of Upottery, Tarcombe, White-Stanton, Buckland Saint Mary, Combe Saint Nicholas, White Lakington, Broadway, and Deny ait aforesaid, to the Bminster Turnpike Road at or near the said Village of Horten, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That as often as any of the Trustees hereby appointed and to be elected and appointed as herein-after mentioned shall die, or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or continuing Trustees from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their rel'pec-tive Hands, to deft and appoint some fit Person to be a Truflec- in the Room of every Trustee so dying or reiuling to act (Ten Lays previous Notice in writing of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election being given by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road for the Time being, by affixing such Notice upon all the Turnpikes then

erected

55

47° GGEORGII III. Cap. 6.

erected across the said Road), and every Person who shall be ekded and appointed a Trustee in Manner aforesaid shall and may ad with the surviving and continuing Trustees in the Execution of this Act in the same Manner as if he had been originally appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.’:

Provided always, that if any Person or Persons hereby nominated, or who shall be elected or appointed a Trustee or Trustee$ by virtue of this Act, not being bona fide a Creditor of the Tolls under this Act, shall uegled to ad in the Execution thereof for the Space of Three Years, such Neglect shall be and be deemed a Refusal to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Acts and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act may be done and executed by any Three or more of the Trustees hereby appointed, and to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, except only in the Cafes herein-after particularly mentioned, as requiring a greater or less Number of them.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under the fame, nor unless he shall be seised or entitled in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, for some Estate for Life, or for Years determinable on One or more Life or Lives, or for an Estate of Inheritance in Possession, of or to Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person or Persons who shall be seised or entitled for some Estate for Life, or for an Estate of Inheritance in Possession, of or to Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds, over and above what will be sufficient to pay all his just Debts j and if any Person, not being so qualified, {lull ad as aTrusteein the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds tp any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law', nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided always, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person as a l ile A&* of

Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previously to his being convicted of Xmftees pre-the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been vious to Con-duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act. viaion de-

dared valid.

VI. Provided also, That every Trustee, before he shall act as such (except Trustees to in admiriiftering the following Oath, shall lake an Oa;h before One or more be f"orn' of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) in the Form following, (that is to say);

* 7 A.B. do swear, That lam truly and bona fide in my own Right fer. The Oath.

‘ in thfi Right of my Wife] leifed or entitled for some Estate for Life [or ‘ of Inheritance] in Posseflion, of or to Lands, Tenements, or Iieredita*

* merits.

All Aifts maybe done by Three or more Trustees, unless otherwise directed. Qualification of Trustee*.

5$

47° G E ORGII III. Cap. 6.

* ments, of the cleat yearly Value of Fifty Pounds [and in the Cafe of an

* Heir Apparent,'} I, A.B. do swear, That I am Heir Apparent to C. D.

* who, to the belt of my Knowledge, Information, and Belief, is truly

* and bona fide in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, seised or en-

* titled for some Estate for Life, or of Inheritance in Possession, of or to

* Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds [and in the Cafe of Personal Estate alone, or of Real and

* Personal Estate together] I, A.B. do swear. That I am truly and bona

* fide possessed of a Personal Estate, [or, of Real and Personal Estate to-

* gether] of the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds above what

* will be sufficient to pay all my just Debts, and that I will faithfully and

* impartially, according to the best of my Judgement, aft in the Execution and Performance of the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities

* reposed in me asa Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-seventh

* Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, 1 [here set forth the Title of the Ad.]

'So help me GOD.’

Meetings of the Trustees.

How Meetings shall be adjourned.

Trustees to pay their own Expences.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the House of Richard Vine, known by the Name of Shefihaine, in Tar combe, aforesaid, on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees shall then and from Time to Time afterwards meet at the fame House, or at such other Place within the Distance of Five Miles from some Part of the said Road, and at such Time as the Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct (provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Six Calendar Months); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Trustees at any Meeting assembled shall not adjourn themselves, then and in every such Case every such Meeting or intended Meeting shall be and is hereby adjourned to the Twenty-eighth Day next after the Day on which such Meeting was held, or such Meeting was appointed to be held, and at the same Place, and so from Twenty-eight Days to Twenty-eight Days, until a sufficient Number of Trustees do or shall meet and adjourn; and public Notice of every such Adjournment shall be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road Ten Days at leaf! before the Day of Meeting; and the said Trustees shall at all their Meetings defray their own Expences.

Meetings on

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any Emergencies. Adjournment of the said Trustees, made either by themselves or by virtue of this Act, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, or by virtue of this Act, in that Cafe the C'erk or Treasurer of the said Road, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, (mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting) shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time, Place, and Purpose mentioned in such Order, in the Manner last herein-before directed, i the Time of Meeting not being within Ten Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly.

9

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 57

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said How Order* Trullees, or the Majority of them present at any Meeting which shall be of tlle Truf; held in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time to make all Contrafts, made and°re-Agreements, Orders, Uireftions, Appointments, and Determinations, yoked.

in the Execution of this Act, all which shall be signed by the Trustees making the same; and no such Contraft, Agreement, Order, Direction, Appointment, or Determination shall be valid, unless so made and signed at such Meeting, and the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make the same shall be present, and the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and no such Contraft, Agreement, Order, Direction, Appointment, or Determination, so signed, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Nine or more Trustees shall be present, and Six of them at least shall concur therein.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such other Power to Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall and may erect or otherwise erect Toll-provide such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or across Gates-such Parts, and in such Places of the said Road, and also such and so many

Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the Sides of the said Road, and in, upon, or across any Lane or Bye Way that doth or shall lead into or out of the fame, as the said Trullees shall think proper, (subject nevertheless to the Restriction3 and Directions herein-after mentioned concerning the same), and also shall and may erect or otherwise provide a Toll House to every or any of the said Toll . Gates or Turnpikes, with suitable Buildings and-other Conveniences thereto, and indole from the Sides of the said Road convenient Gardens for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls herein-after par- And to take ticularly mentioned shall be demanded and taken at each of the said Toll Tolls.

Gates or Turnpikes which shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, (except

as herein-after is expressly directed or provided to the contrary) before any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead, drawing in any Coach, The Toll*. Chariot, Barouche, Chaise, Curricle, Chair, Landau, Berlin, Calash,

Hearse, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Beall, drawing singly or alone, any Carriage of any Description whatsoever, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, (drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, or more) the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

XII. And be it further enacted, That between the first Day of November Additional and the last Day of February in each and every Year it shall be’ lawful for ToU on Car‘

[Loc.VPer.-] P the na£'sera’

47* Gf! OR GII III. Cap. 6.

Gitlectors of the Tofts to demand and take for each and every Horse Timber.'2 ?r ot^lcr Bead of Draught drawing in any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying any Timber, or free or Trees, a Toll equal to One Hall in addition to the Toll which otherwise might be demanded and taken for such Horse or other Bead of Draught: Provided always, that no such additional Toll shall be demanded or taken save and except there shall be Two or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught in any such Carriage.

Carriages on Wheels not rolling a flat Surface to be considered as

XIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage pading on the said Road, or any Part thereof, the Wheels whereof shall not roll a flat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level

Carriages Surface, or the interior Diameter of the Wheels whereof shall deviate more Wheels"0'* ^rom exterior Diameter thereof than One Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, shall be considered and deemed a Carriage on Wheels rolling a Surface less than Six Inches, and shall and may be weighed at any Weighing Engine to be erected on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and shall pay the fame Tolls, and the fame Rates of Weighing as any "Waggon, Wain, Can, or Carriage, on Wheels rolling a Surface less than Six Inches, is subject and liable to pay.

cover the r<"

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Sums here-ToJUs, * in-before respectively granted or made payable shall be demanded and taken in the Name of and as Toll, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time authorize and appoint to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Person or Persons authorized to receive the lame, neglect or refuse to make Payment thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized, to seize and diilrain any Horse, Cattle, or Beall upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any Carriage in which the same shall be drawing, or the Loading, Hamefs, and Accoutrements of any such Horse, Cattle or Bead, or any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Didrcls, and of keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after the Day of making such Didrefs, the Person or Persons so didraining shall and may at any Time or Times thereafter, fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels fb didrained, and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale pay or retain such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Didrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which diall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unfold (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

For settling

XV. And be it further enacted, That ifanyDisputes shall happen concerning Disputes cua- Tolls Jue, or the Charges occasioned by any such Didrefs as afore-Tolls!5 said, it diall be lawful for the Person or Persons so didraining to retain such Didrefs, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, till the Quantity of the 'Polls and the Charges of such Didrefs shall be ascertained by lorne Justice of the Peace for the County in which the Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose diall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parlies, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and diall determine

59

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

termine the Toll due, and assess the Charges of such Didrefs and of the Collector's Attendance upon the said Justice for that Purpose; all which Sums so determined and assessed shall be paid to the said Collector before he or die shall be obliged to return the Goods so didrained, or the said Overplus, or any Part thereof respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit or Collector* Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, declared the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be witnc es' incompetent, on account of his being appointed to collect such Tolls, to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tolls mar b* Trustees from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think pro- varied, per, to lessen, vary, or alter all or any of the Tolls hereby granted or

made payable at all or at any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit; and to raise, vary, or alter the fame again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act made payable, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Four Fifth Parts of the Money then due on Security of the said Tolls; but no such Alteration shall be made unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing shall be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and also inserted in One or more of the Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be Tolls to be liable to pay Toll more than once at any One Toll Gate or Turnpike to paidbutOnce be erected by virtue of this Act, for passing and repassing at any Time a D*T-

or Times in any One Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) with the fame Horse or Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike, but that all and every Person and Persons having paid Toll once as aforesaid, and producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll), shall afterwards pass and repass with the fame Horse or Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages Toll-free during the same Day through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike where such Toll was paid: Provided always, that not more than One Toll shall be de- Number of manded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing and repassing the Tollslimited fame Day with the fame Horse or Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to beerested by virtue of this Act, but that every Person having once paid the Toll by this Act imposed, and producing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof (which Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on the Receipt of such Tolls) shall pass and repass with the fame Horse or Horses, Cattle,

Beads, and Carriages Toll-free during such Day through all the other Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected in and upon the said Road.

Ira

Exemptions *rom Tolls

47° GEORGII fth Cap. 6.

SIX. And be it farther eriaded. That no Toll shall be demanded ef taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Bead, drawing in any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Trees, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or any Bridge thereon, or any of the Highways in the several Parishes, Townships, or; Districts through which the said. Road shall pals, or Hay, or Corn in the Straw, the' Produce of Lands lying within the respective Parishes, Townships, or Districts aforesaid, ro be laid up. used, or consumed in the Houses, Out-houses, Barns, or Yards of the Owners thereof,

and not for Sale; or Lime, or other Manure to be used for the Improve-. iftent of Lands; nor when returning unladen, after carrying or conveying any such Materials; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Bead, drawing or not drawing, and employed in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, dr other Implements of Husbandry; nor for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Cattle when going to or returning from being (hod or farried, or to or from Work in cultivating the Lands or Grounds within the same Parishes, Townships, or Districts, or going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places (provided that such la ft mentioned'Exemption shall only extend to such Cattle as shall be driven to and from Water or Pasture from one Parish to the next adjoining Parish, or to such Cattle as shall not pass upon the fame Road more than Two Miles in going to or returning from Water or Prfture), nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Beast, which shall only cross such Road and shall not pals above One Hundred Yards thereon, or for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, when carrying or conveying any Clergyman to or from the Performance of the Duties of his Function on Sundays, o.r any other Day, or when carrying or conveying any Person or Persons residing in the fame Parishes, Town ships, or Districts, who shall pass on Sundays or on any other Days on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority "to be celebrated, to or from his or her parochial Church or Chapel, or to or from any other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, and usually resorted to by such Person or Persons, <5r when going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the farrfe Parishes, Townships, or Districts; nor for any Horses or Carriages which shall be employed hi conveying any Mail Or Packet made up under the Authority or Direction of His Majesty's Poll Matter General or his Deputies; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or carrying any wounded, sick, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty after having been so employed,- provided such Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, shall return within the same Day 4 nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry respectively, and rode by them; nor Carriages conveying Volunteer Infantry in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Person' or Persons be drelfed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; nor for any Horses, Carts, or Carriages employed only in carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Passes, nor for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule drawing cniot draw-

61

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

ing, carrying or conveying, any Elector or Electors to or from an Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Devon or Somerset; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid or of any other of the Exemptions from Toll herein contained, not being entitled to the fame, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty ^hillings, at the Dif-cretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall To prevent with any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, upon which any Toll is by this Act im- j'3n£tl,e poftd, pass through any Land or Ground within the Diltance of One Mile

from any Toll Gate or Turnpike which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, the fame not being a public Road, or if any Owner or Occupier of such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or fuller any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, or Bead to pass through the fame, whereby Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be evaded, or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person (other than a Collector of the said Tolls) any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by a Collector of the said Tolls, or shall forge raid counterfeit any such Ticket, or shall forcibly pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike as aforesaid with any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, or shall at any Time or Times take of!' or cause to be taken off any Horse, Cattle, or Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said 'lolls, or any Part or Parts thereof shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Road any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Goods from any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage; every Person offending in any of the Cales aforesaid and being lawfully convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Uifcretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted. One Moiety whereof shall be for the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the Purposesofthis Act in Manner herein-after directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Pow!frtu Trustees from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and

agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, or Didricts to or through which the said Road leads, for the passing of their Horses or Cattle through all or any of such Toll Gates or Turnpikes aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trudcesj any Five or more of them, after giving Twenty Days pre- bate the yjoqs Notice thereof in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes erected across the said Road, and to be inserted in One or more of the Newspa-

pers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood, from Time to Time to leaf: and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the bed Rent or Price that can be reasonably gotten for the fame; payable at such Times and in such Manner, and with, under, and subject to such. Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements as the said Trudies or any Five or more of them shall flunk ‘ ' [loc. Cjf Per.J Q fit.

6 2

Power to remove the '1 oil-Gates.

T oil Honks, &c. vested in the Clerk and Treasurer.

For recovering the Subscriptions,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

fit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficient Security for Payment of the Rents to be teferved by and for the Performance of the Covenants to be contained in such Lease or Leases as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, when and as often as they flaa.il think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which flrall have been erected in, upon, or across, or on the Sides of the said Road, to be removed to and erecteu in, upon, or across, or on the Side of such other Part or Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them filial 1 from Time to Time order and direct; but none of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be removed as aforesaid unless Twenty Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the fame shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll-Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and inserted in One or more of the Newspapers generally circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Interest, and Property of and in all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, which shall be erected and provided in pursuance of this Act, with the several Cdnveniencies and Appurtenances thereunto belonging respectively, and the Materials of which the fame shall consist, and all Materials, Matters, and Things which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to fell, assign, transfer, apply, and dispose of the same as Occasion shall require, and as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and under the like Order, Direction, and Appointment of the said Trustees, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage any of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or any of the Conveniencies or Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters, or Things aforesaid, or any new Fences which shall be made or repaired by the said Trustees, or who shall do any Ad to hinder or obstrud any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if the several Persons who have become Subscribers, or who shall become Subscribers towards the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, or any of them, shall, after Twenty Days previous Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Road, for that Purpose to him, her, or them given or left at his, her, or their Dwelling-House, or usual Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by him or them so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to bring or cause to be brought any Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, or Suit, against any Person or Persons so refusing or

neglecting

«3

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

neglecting as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein noEffoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and on Proof of fitch 1 ’erson or Persons having so subscribed or agreed to subscribe, and of such Notice being given as aforesaid, such respective Su in or Sums so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or so much thereof as shall be required to be paid in such Notice, shall be recovered with full Colls ol Suit.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at any of their Meetings, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon ^Security the Credit of the Tolls to arise by virtue of this Act, any Suin or Sums of the Tolls, of Money which they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; provided that no Money shall be borrowed after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Twenty Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed In Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and also published in One or more of the Newspapers generally circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to assign or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities to any such Subscriber or Subscribers as aforesaid, or other Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Money so to be advanced, with interest; for the fame, which Writing or Writings may be made in the Form, or in Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

* I) Y Virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-seventh Year of Form of ths

* the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [hereJet Security.

forth the Title of the A6l\ We

4 of the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, in

4 Coqfuleration of the Sum of o. paid byA.D. of

* to the Treasurer of the said Road, Do hereby bargain,

fell, and assign unto the said A.B. such Proportion of the Tolls to arise 4 upon the said Road as the Sum of doth or shall bear to

the whole Sum now due or hereafter to become due on the Security 4 thereof; to hold the fame unto the said A. B his Executors, Admtmftra- tors, and Assigns, from the Day of the Date hereof, for and during the 4 Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with

4 Interest: for the fame, after the Rate of per Centum

per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands ‘ and Seals this Day of in the Year of qur Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to Copies to ter be kept for that Pui-pose by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, which entered. Book or Books may at all seasonable Times be pern fed and inspect.ed without Fee or Reward; and it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Mortgage* Persons to whom any Mortgage or Security shall be made as Aforesaid, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators respectively, by Writing or Lrr~ Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, to assign and transfer his, her, and their Right, Title, and Interest in and to such Mortgage and Security, and the Principal Money and Uttered secured thereby, to

i -• . 'any

64

Perm of

Transfer,.

T ransfers to be entered.

Probates of Wills and Certificates of Marriages to be produced to the Clerk and entered.

4.7® GEORGII in. Cap. 6.

any other Person or Persons; which Alignment and Transfer may be made in the Form, or in Words to the Efteft Allowing; (that is to say),

I A.B. of os I. C.D. of

*. Executor or Administrator of A.B. Lite of _ [#r

* otherwise as the Case may happen to {>■:,] in Consideration of the Sum of to me paid determined by E, F. of Do hereby

Lassign and transfer unto the said E. F. his Executors, Administrators, ‘ and Assigns, a certain Mortgage or Security, bearing Date the

* Day of in the Year of our Lord under the Hands

‘ and Seals of of the Trustees for putting in Execution

‘ an Act of Parliament passed in the Eorty-seventh A ear of the Reign of 1 His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, \_here set forth the Title of

* this Act] with all my Right and Title to the Principal Sum of

‘ thereby secured, and all Interest now due and hereafter to

‘ grow' due thereon. Dated this Day of in

e the Year of our Lord

Which Transfer shall be produced to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in the Book or Books last mentioned, for which Entry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be paid; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee or Allignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of such Mortgage or Security; and every such Mortgage or Security may be again assigned and transferred in like Manner, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require; and it shall not be in the Power of any other than the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be la It assigned as aforesaid. his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, to release, discharge, or make void, the original Mortgage or Security so transferred as aforesaid, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Security shall be made as aforesaid, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall, in proportion to the Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Aclj granted, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies or of the Dates of their respective Securities.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall in Right or by virtue of his or her Marriage become entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money due on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls hereby granted, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage shall be made before a Judge of one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before a Mailer in Chancery in England, or a Magistrate or Baillie of some Corporate Town, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Road, who shall make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept for entering Copies of such Mortgages and Transfers as aforesaid; and such Clerk shall, upon the Application of the Person or Persons entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money due on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls hereby granted, give and deliver to him, her, or them a Certificate of such Entry; and where any Person or Persons shall, as Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, of any Person deceased, become entitled to any such Sum or Sums of Money as last aforesaid, the Probate of the Will, or Testamen-

tary

1-1 IU~. Cap. f>.

tary Instr'ument, or Letters of Administration, under which such Person' or Pgrfons shall be so entitled, shall be produced and shewn*to the Glerk of the irdd. Road^ who- shall enter the fame, and grant a Certificate thereof m Manner ,«foresaid, for which Entry and Certificate respectively the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be paid to the said dlerk.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall Application atife and be produced by Subscriptions as aforesaid, and from the Tolls by of the Moner. this Act granted, together with the Monies which shall from Time to Time be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner fallowing (that is to say), in the first place, in Payment of the Gods, Charges, arid Expences of preparing and passing this Act; in the second place, in paying the Interest accruing upon-the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on the several Mortgages or Securities made in pursuance of this_Act; in the third place, in defraying the Expences cf erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll-Houses, and other Buildings, and of making, forming, repairing, widening, and altering the said Road, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and of erecting and maintaining necessary and convenient Bridges upon the said Road, and of executing die several other Powers arid Purposes of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Principal Sums for the Time being due on such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid.

XXIX. *And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Appointing Trustees, by Writing under their respective Elands, to appoint One or Officers, more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the ibid Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall thiiik necessary, and.such Collectors,

Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Timej,o remove, and on the Removal, Death, or- Refvgnation of any'of {hem, to appoint other? in. their Stead; and the jaia Trustees are hereby authorized to allow arid pay to the Rveriri Collectors, Clerks,

Treasurers; Surveyors, and other Officers, and' to. such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in the Execution of this Act, such. Salaries and Allowances, for the'r Trouble, Labour, and Service, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and all such Officers, and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereto required , by the said Trustees, deliver to them, or trt-such other Person-or ftifoilS as (hey shall appoint, true, exact, and per-soft Accounts in Writing under their Elands, upon Oath, (such Oath any Ote-er more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to admi- * nifter) of all Monies which they respectively shall have received to that Time by' virtue of this Act, and how much thereof has been paid and dtfbursed, and for What Purposes, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands, to the said "trustees, or to such Person or Persons. as they shall appoint to receive the farne, and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account, or to produce or deliver up such Vouchers as aforesaid, or to verify such Account upon Oath, or to pay the ILoc. & Per.~\ ' R Money

4?’ GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Monby dufe upon such Account in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver up to the said Trustees, or tO such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers* and Writings in his or her Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, in every or any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Person so making Default shall be or reside, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Two or mote of the said Trustees, to make Inquiry concerning such Refusal, Default, or Neglect, as well by Confef-iioir of the Parties themselves respectively, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justices or either of them are and is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justices fh .11, upon Fuch Conviction, commit him or her to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall have given and made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or she shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make), or until he or she shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees; provided that no Person shall be lo committed as last aforesaid for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

Onthe Death

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for of a Gate- any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at any keeper two Meeting, upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal or incapability to act of any nominatema^ Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, to nominate and appoint some other another until fit Person in his or her Place until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the the next said Road, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the Meeting. power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all

Tefpecis as the Person in whose Room or Stead he or she shall be so ap-If discharged pointed; and if any Collector of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged Gate keeper from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver up the refutes to de- Poffisffion of the Toll-House, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he or she Houses &c enj°yed *n Bigfi1 of his or her Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll-House, in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees or any Two or more of them, or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premise6 by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Two Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll-House, signed by any Two or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County where such Toll-House shall stand, or by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll-House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, trut of such Toll-House and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector of the said Tolls in Possession thereof.

- XXXI." And

4j’ GEORGII III. Cap:6,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such Security from the Freasurer or Treasurers, Receiver and Receivers, Collector and Qolicftors, Surveyor or Surveyor's, and from any other Officers to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the fir if Nomination and Appointment of any Officers in pursuance of this Act, ho Trustees llin.ll be capable of voting or ailing in any future Nomination br Appointment of any such Officer or Officers upon Death or any other Vacancy, unless such Trustee flvu.ll have ailed as a 1'rustee in the Execution of this Act at least Once within a Year preceding the Time that such Vacancy shall happen, the only Evidence whereof shall be his having signed the Order Book of tire laid Trullees.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Road, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor, to search for, cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making, forming, or repairing the said Road, Toil Houses, and Bridges, in, upon, out of, and from any Walle Grounds, Commons, Common Quarries, Rivers or Brooks in any Parish, Township, or District within or near where to the said Road passes, without paying any 1 hing for the fame, such Surveyor or other Person or Persons filling up die Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or sufficiently fencing off such Pits, so that die fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and in case such Materials cannot conveniently be had in such Waste Grounds, Commons, Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks as aforesaid, then to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, out of, or from and over any other Lauds, Grounds, and Quarries (except as herein-after is menrioned, making such Compensation and SatU-faction for the Damages done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, and Quarries where, through, and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which any Materials gotten in any Walle Ground, Common, Quarry, River or Brook shall be conveyed, as the said Trullees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damage, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclulire to all Parties.

XXXIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any such Materials as aforesaid in or from any inclosed or private Lands, Grounds, or Quarries, until after Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, signed by the said-Surveyor, or some other Officer of the Laid Trustees, shall have been given to the respective

61

Treasurer to give Security,

Trustees who have not acted in the preceding Year not to vote on the Election of Officers.

Surveyor may get Materials for the Road.

iwd SxtfnC

Materials not to be taken from inclosed Grounds without an Order from two Justices-

6S

Penalty on taking away Materials got by the Surveyor.

For pretenting Obstructions oa the Sides of the Roads.

Penalty on

damaging Footways, of causing Nuisances or Obstructions on the Road.

Surveyor may remove Annoyaaeee.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the usual Place of Residence of such Owners or Occupiers respectively, requiring them to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County wherein such Lands, Grounds, or Quarries shall be situate, at a certain Time and Place to be specified in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be taken away; and such Justices, after hearing the Parties concerned, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or Officer to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as to such Justices shall feern proper; or if such respective Owners or Occupiers Ihoiild not, by themselves or their respective Agents, attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, in the same Manner as if such respective Owners or Occupiers had attended pursuant to such Notice.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or carry away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered for the Purpose of making or amending the said Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owners or Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owners or Occupiers, who may get any Materials therein (such Materials not being already dug or gathered) for the Use of such Owners or Occupiers only, and not For the Use of any other Highway, or for Sale), every Person so offending and being lawfully convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Dung, Allies, Compost, Manure, or other Thing, shall be unladen and laid down upon any Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, nearer to the Sides of the said Road than the Distance of Thirty Feet, upon Pain that every Person so often ding and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride upon any Footway afijoining the said Road, or shall lead or drive any Horse, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage on any such Footway, or shall cause any Damage to be done thereto, or shall put or turn any Horse, Afs, Swine, or other Bead or Cattle of any Kind into or upon the said Road or the Sides thereof, or if any Person shall, without sufficient Cause leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage in or upon the said Road or the Side thereof, either with or without any Horse or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto (except in Cafe o( Accidents, and for such reasonable Time as may be necessary to load or unload the fame),- every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for the l'irft Oft’ence Ten Shillings, and for the Second' and any subsequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, from Time

9 to

to Time to remove and prevent all Nuifarices and Annoyances on any f'iitt or Paris of the said Road by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw-pits or other Pits, Allies, Dung. Filth. Rubbish, or othcwife, and also to divert or turn any Watercourses, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains running into the fame :o the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour and cleanse, deepen and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Watercourse adjoining or near to any Part of the said Road; and also to cut down, top or lop any Trees,

Branches, or Rulhes growing in the said Road, Or in the Hedges, Fences,

Banks, or Grounds adjoining or near thereto, and also from Time to Time at proper Seasons of the Year, to ihear and cut the Tops and Sides of all such Hedges, Banks, or Fences, and to take and carry away the fame respectively, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Land where such Annoyances shall happen, or where such Watercourses, Gutters, Ditches,

Conduits, Drains, Watercourses, Trees, Branches or Bufnes, Hedges,

Fences, Banks, or Grounds shall be, shall neglect so to do for Ten Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Fland of such Surveyor; and the Charges thereof velpectively (being settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor from Time to Time by such respective Owners or Occupiers so neglecting as aforesaid; and in case such Charges shall not to be paid on Demand, the same shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act authorized to be imposed are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered^ •, and if af'ertheReinovalofany such Nuisances and Annoyances as aforesaid, any Person shall offend again in like Manner, every Person so offending again,- and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, from Time to emPowered Time, without giving any previous Notice, to remove all such Earth, Trees, suddenOb-Roots of Trees, and other Things as shall suddenly Hide, fall, or be blown itructions down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land, into or upon any Part of the said ">fshallt No-Road, so as to narrow or obffrudt the Passage along the fame, and to carry tice‘ and place the lime on any Waite Groundnearthereto,so as tobe no Annoyance to Travellers; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things shall fa Hide, or fall, or be blown down as, aforesaid; and the Charges of carrying away the fame (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered int such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are hereby directed to be recovered.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Forbearing for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Read, and such Person or Per- t^e Hedge*, fonsashe or they shall appoint, (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose signed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them) at proper Seasons of the Year, to Ihear and cut, as often as Occasion shall require, the Tops and Sides of all the Hedges, Banks, or Fences Handing or growing by or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, " in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall think proper, without any previous Notice to the Occupiers or Owners of such Hedges, Banks ' \_Loc & PerJ ,5

It

Surveyor may make causeways and Drains*

4?fc6£0RGii lit Cap. 6.

ov 'Pences; and all Charges and Expences attending the fame shall in such Case from Time to Time be paid and defrayed out of the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and any other Person or Persons by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make Ditches, Drnins, and Wateredurfes, in, upon, and on the Sides of the said Road and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, and to erect, and rebuild, and keep in Repair, Bridges and Arches upon the said Road, and across any such Ditch, Drain, or Water-course as aforesaid, and to make sufficient Barriers and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Road, in order to prevent the fame from being flooded or overflowed with Water, as the said Surveyor shall judge necessary; and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road except as herein-after is mentioned) to be made use of as a Road whilst the old Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers, making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds so to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall sustain thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable.

Povwtowid.

XLII. And whereas several Parts of the Road herein-before described alter*‘h"' or are not sufficient Width, other Parts thereof are circuitous, and may tr ' e be considerably shortened, and other Parts thereof pass over Hills, which may be altogether or in Part avoided, for Remedy of which Inconveniences, and for enabling the said Trustees to make and complete the said Road by opening a new and convenient Carriage Road through any pri. vate or inclosed Lands or Grounds lying in or near to the Line of the said Road herein before described, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any Time or Times to widen the said Road, and to divert, turn, or alter the Course or Direction of any Part or Parts thereof, and to make a new and convenient Carriage Road through or over any Moor or Wade Ground without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and also through or over any private Lands or Tenements (except as hereafter mentioned) first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damages they may thereby sustain; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any private Lands or Tenements for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss-or Damage which such Owners and Persons interested or any of them, shall or may, anyways sustain by making, widening, turning, or altering Corporations, any Part or Parts of the said Road; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies «tc. to fell. Politick, Coporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized or possessed of or interested in any such Lands or Tenements, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to fell to them all or any of such Lands or Tenements, as Occasion shall require, and all Contracts and Sales so made shall, without any Conveyance or Assurance in die Law, be

valid

Hoads;

and to purchase Lands.

Power to

GSOROn ill. Cap. 6. 71

Valid and, effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any La'.^,

Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Adnd-nistrators, Guardians, and Truilees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this.

Ad; and if any such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Tenements, upon Notice in Writing by the Clerk or Treafui'cr of the said Road to him, her, or them given, or left at the relp-Alive Pweliing-Houses or Places of T]ie pccom. Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of pence to be such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or settled by a Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands and Tenements so to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Road or into which any Part or Parts of such Road are or is to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall by the Space of Ten Days after such Notide given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Pi e-mises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Trustees shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County where such Lands or Tenements shall be situ-ated, (which Oaths any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered and required to admit/'ter) what Damages wiil be sustained by and what Recompence and Satisfaffiction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or Other Person or Persons interested for or on account of the taking of such Lands or Tenements into the said Road, or of turning any Part or Parts of such Road into the fame Lands or Tenements; and in order thereto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Hath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touciiing or concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall rhink fit; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damages, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the said Trustees shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so afieffed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or Occupiers of, or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Tenements, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Yerditt or Inquisition, and Order so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Par- final, ties, and Persons whomsoever claiming any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lifes, or Years, in Poffiession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators,

Infants, I flue unborn, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, and under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate,

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever;

and for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said sheriffto

Trustees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the summon

Sheriff Jurit*>

Sheriffs etc. may be fined onNegleei oi Duty.

Directing by whom Expences of Juries for ascertaining Damages shall be paid.

How the Ptifchale Money is t« paid.

470 G!« 0RGII II!. Cap. 6.

Sheriff of the County wherein such Lands or Tenements are' situated,-or in case such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall be anyways ime-rested in the Matter in question, then to Come One of the Coronets of the same County not interested therein, thereby commanding and requiring’ such Sheriff or Coroner to empannei, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honeff and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law, to be returned for Trials of issues in His Majesty's Courts ot Record at Weft-miiifter, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and I )ace as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies or Coroner, is and are hereby required to empannei, summon, and return such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons so impaimelled, summoned, and returned, or ut of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficiem Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured, to attend that Service being qualified as lait aforesaid, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jury men when they conic to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees acting in the Pretnifes shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his . Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, or such Coroner, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, unless prevented by Sickness or other sufficient Cause, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or on being so sworn refusing to give or not gving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Pe fons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or nt gled to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence; provided that any such June shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, ai.d the Sum of hive Pounds upon any other Person for any Offence.

XL1TI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give a Verdict for more Money than what shall have been previously offered by the said Trustees as a Compensation or Satisfaction for any Lands or Hereditaments taken, used, or damaged in the Execution of this Act before the summoning of the Jury, then all the necessary Costs and Expences attending the Ascertainment of such Comp fition or Satisfaction shall be paid by the Trustees; but if such Jury shall give a Verdict for no more, or lor Ids Money than shall have been offtred by the said Trustees for any such Compensation or Satisfaction as aforesaid, then all such Costs and Expences as lait aforesaid, shall be paid by the Person or Persons who declined to accept such Offer; which Costs and Expences (being settled by some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby authorized and required to settle the fame) shall be recoverable by such Ways and Means as Penalties and Forfeitures are herein authorized to be recoverable.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, Recompence, and Satisfaction, which shall be agreed for or aft'effect as aforesaid,

shall

4?b GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 73

shall be paid out of the Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, to the Parties or Perfot’.s respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in case of reful'al to accept the fame, upc , leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Road, for the Use of such Parties or Persons; and after T en Days Notice thereof to such Parties or Perfops, or their Agents, all Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in such Lands or Grounds, shall thenceforth be du vested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and such Lands or Grounds shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the Trustees shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and for ever afterwards be a common Llighway, and shall be deemed Part of the Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired accordingly; and after such new Road shall be comp leted, the Lands constituting the former Road, or any Part thereof, unless leading over soir.e Moor or Waite Ground, or to forne Town, Village, or Hamlet, to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be vested in the Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurefs of the said Road for the Time being; and he and they is and are hereby empowered to sell the same, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint; and in case ol any such Sale, after Payment of the Purchase Money for the Lands lb fold, and upon proper Receipts being flatted or given for the fame by the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being of the said Road, the Lands so sold as aforesaid respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof respectively, shall be vested in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so sold as aforesaid, without any Conveyance or A durance in the Law whatsoever.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any persons in Question shall arise touching the 'title of any Person to any Money to be Posseffibn to] paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Adeemed Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, j.‘ for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or of any contrary b« Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shewn, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Purchase. whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for any Money may \Loc. 55s Per.] T Lands, b* paid lnt0

the Bank of England where Titles cannot be made out.

Court may order the Expence3 of Applications to the Court of Chancery, to be paid by the Trustees.

Power to purchase Panels for erecting Toll Houses.

47° GEORGII III. . Cad. 6.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the ’Sa'UfaclLn of the said Trustees, or in case tire Person or Persons to whom furIt.Sum or Sums of Money shall bef awarded or alleffed as aforesaid cannot’ be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful lor the said Trustees to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ro the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them) subject to the Order, Contiottlj and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court on the Applu cation of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summaty Wav of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribudon thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto., and to make such other Order in the Premifqs as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufc the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid. v:

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapachy of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the likeUfes in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of ail Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That if in any Part of the said Road where it shall be necessary to erect any Toll House the said Trustees shall not be enabled to inclose from the Sides of such Road fulEcient Ground for erefting such Toll House, with suitable Buildings and other Conveniencies thereto, and a fit Garden for the lame, then and in such Case the said Trustees shall have like Power of agreeing for and purchasing any Lands necessary for erecting such Toll House and Buildings, and making such Garden as is hereinrbefore given to them for purchasing I.ands for the Purposes of widening, turning, or altering any Part of the said Road. ucnuJ,tannlfiravoO

rrifi oiij ilsrfl yatioW liaiil ^vliasqsanl ;c a. XLIX. Provided

4f GEORG 11 111. Cup. 6.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall empower the said Trustees, or any ojlier Person or Pet lints, to pull down or damage any Dwellinji-Houe dr other Building, or to take away or damage tiny Ground having been tiled as a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, or Avenue to a House, or Plantation or Nursery of Trees, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then iatt pail, without the Content in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every such Dwelling-1 louse or other Building, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, Avenue, of Plantation or Nursery oi Trees rdpeclively, his, her, or their Agent or Agents* under thur rei’peclive Hands for that Purpose first had and obtained:

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the ancient or former Road over any Moor or Waste Grounds shall by virtue of this Act be turned Or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Paiifli, Township, or Hamlet, wherein the ancient or former Road shall thereby be left or difeon-tinutd, lieth, shall not be obliged to repair such ancient or former Road unless the fame leads to some Town, Village, or Hamlet with which the new Road doth not communicate.

\o sluT WlfcfPi to 9‘si' i

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece Or Pieces of old Roads, shall first otter the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto, and in case such Person Or Pvi fons rd’pecfivefoshall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase the fame respectirely, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces ofoid Road or Ground shall lie, by some Per-foii or Persons no ways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of eld Road or Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Otter was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to Whom the fame was so offered, shall be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shalt be desirous of purchattng the fame, and lie, file, or they, and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Pricethereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manlier herein-before directed, with respect to disputed Value of Lands to be* purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein directed with respect to Purchases made by the said Trustees, muidtis mutandis, and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purpose of this Act, but the Purchaser or Pur- tiers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money, .<

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed of aflelfed to-he paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick,or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of

England

75

Dwelling Houses, Gardens, etc. nbt to be da: triaged.

Roads discontinued not to be repaired:

Roads discontinued to be sold to the Owners of tile adjoining Lands.

Application of Compensation when amounting to 2Col.

76 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General or the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, or any of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid, under the Direction and with the Approbation of tiic said Court, fto be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments) in the Purchase of the Land fax, or i:t the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, as the said Court shall authorize or direct; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame Am if be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon, such and the like "Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rent^and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement w ere made.

A lication

LIII. Provided always, and it is further enacted, That if any Money so ivlion the agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,-Compen- purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any lation u less Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as andexceeil* aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall 2ul. exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to hit' Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the fame Hull be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Man-net herein-before directed, so far.as the Case shall be applicable, without

obtaining

77

47° G EOR(jII III. Gap. 6.

obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of die Court oi Chancery,

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all i'uch Cafes the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchaud, taken, or uled for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trudecs or any Two or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LV. And be it further enacted,' That in all Cafes where the said Trustees shall widen, turn, or alter any Part Or Parts of the said Road, or make any new' Road over and through any inclosed Lands or Grounds, the said Trustees shall make or cause te be made proper Walls or Quickset Bences where necessary, as the Case shall require, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the said Road, into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep the Ouickfet Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair for the 'Perm of Three Years from the Time that such Quickset Fences shall have been made or planted.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any particular Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses lying in and upon the fame Road have been accustomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by reason of the Ttnure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or by the said Counties of Devon and Somerset, or either of them, or any Ward, Parish, or Township therein, or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part and Partscf the said Road, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, shall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Counties, Wards, Parishes, or Townlhipa respectively, and in such Manner as the lame ought to have been respect tively maintained and kept in Repair in case this Act had not been made.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons by Law chargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges thereon, shall Hill remain so chargeable, anti thall do their respective Statute and other Work in or upon the said Road, and the other Highways of the Parishes, Townships, or Districts, in which the said Road lies, in like Manner as before the passing of this Act (subject nevertheless to the Regulations herein-after expressed concerning the same); and where any old Road shall be discontinued by virtue of this Act such Statute and other Work shall be performed upon the new Road ma e in lieu thereof.

LVIII. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute Work ouent to be performed on the said Road by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, and Districts through which the said Road [toe. Per.] U passes.

Application when the Money is left than scL

New Rose’s to be fenced by the Tref-•tees.

Lands chargable to the Repairs of Roads and Bridges to continue io.

Statute Duty to be continued.

How the Statute Work, shall b.- apportioned.

78

For regulating the Performance hereof.

How Trustees may compel Surveyors of Highways to account for Composition Money

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

passes, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Just Ices of the Peace for the County or Counties in which the said Road shall be situate, from Time to Time to adjudge and order what Part of the Statute Work shall be done in or upon the Rbad hereby direcded to be repaired, and for what Space of Time, and in what Manner the same shall be done, upon such Road by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, or Districts in or through which the said Road shall paf$.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways in all the Parishes, Townships, and Districts through which the said Road paflfes, shall Yearly and every Year, within Ten Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing by the Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Road, in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of Two of the Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Devon and Somerfei, or one of them, give and deliver to the Person making such Demand, a true or exact Lift or Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person in their said respective Parishes, Townships, and Districts, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Road in such Parishes, Townships, and Districts, and shall set forth and specify in such Lift what each Person is respectively chargeable with, for and towards the fame; and such respective Parish or Township Surveyors, within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike purveyor, of the Time or Times when and where, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid, are to perform their respective Statute or Days Works, shall summon or give Notice thereof in the Mode prescribed by Law to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refus'e to do as he and they is and are hereby required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or impeded Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Road, shall, after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid neglect or refuse to fend their respective Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnished with Labourers, Oxen, or Hoifes, according to the Custom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform such their respective Days Works upon the said Road, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Person or Persons who shall be sent with any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by the said 'Turnpike Surveyor, he is hereby authorized and required to discharge and dismiss every such Person or Persons 1b found idle or negligent, and it shall be deemed as if such Team, Wain, Draught, or Cart had not been sent to work on the said Road, and the same Sum shall be accordingly forfeited and paid; and if any Statute Work shall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due the same shall be performed in the Course of the succeeding Year.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any of their Meetings, by Writing under their Hands, to summon all, every, or any of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of all, every, or any of the Parishes, 'Townships, or Places, (the

Inhabitants.

5f9

47° GEORGII III. Cap'fy

Inhabitants whureoi arc liable, to perform Statute Work on the said, Road) to appear before the said Trudeps, at any of their subsequeni Meetings, aii.l then to deliver in to them a full, true, and just Account; in Writing c! act the Sums of Money by them respectively received, for, in luu of, or by way of Compofuion for Statute Work in their several and rejj^ipve Pui; n. Townships, or Places (which Account shall be verified upon Oath, if the said Tndtecs shall require the fame); and iu case the Pei ion or lYrforis so summoned shall negled to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or shall refufo or negkd to deliver in such Account as afore laid, or if required, to verify the fame upon Oath, or to pay the Treasurer of the said Road, or as the said Trustees shall direct, within Five Days from the Time of producing the said Account, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, such proportionable Part of all such Compofuion Money as such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, shall have received, or without their wilful Negkd or Default might have received, that then in all or any of the said Cafes the Person or Persons so offending shall for every separate Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LSI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said TruJlees, from Time to Time to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwise, with the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, liable or chargeable with or towards the Repair of any Part or Pacts, of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses, lying in and upon the fame, or the Performance of Statute Work thereon, for the Payment of a Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of such Repairs and Statute Work respectively, and also for, the respective Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parities, Tovyidhips, and DjRrids, through which the said Road passes, to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwise, with the fold Trutfoes, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by the Iuhabitanrs o( such Paddies, To\vnship,s, and Didrifts, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Compofuion Money-agreed to be paid for pa (ling through any Turnpikes or Tod Gates, or in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Compofuion Money respectively, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it diall be lawful for any Two or more Ju foces of the Peace for the Counties of Devor. and Somerset, or either of them, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Compofuion Money, (Oath having been first made before such Justices that the fame hath been demanded, and remains due, which Oath they are hereby respectively empowered to adminider) to levy such Compofuion Money by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons having so compounded or agreed to pay such Compofuion Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any") after deducting such Compofuion Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Didrefs and Sale, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

I.XIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways who shall pay any such Compofuion Money, or of whom the same shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Com-

podtion

Statute and other Work may be compounded for.

For recovering the Composition Money.

How Surveyors of the Highway* are to be re- ’ imbursed, and

8o 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Composition position Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Costs them an<^ Charges attending such Recovery, by the federal Ways and Means, 1‘" ’ ‘ and in such Manner, as by the Laws in being Surveyors1 of the Highways are to be repaid or reitnbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

Traftcts may

contract for Repairs.

Milestones and Direction Posts to be erected.

Penalty on hauling Timber or Stones on the Road.

How Penalties and For-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall f or that Put pole appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, raising, diverting, widening, and repairing the Laid Road, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or any Arches or Bridges upon the fame, and for doing any other V\ oik by this Act authorized to be done, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and also to contract with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Payment of any Annual Sums, or Sum in Gross, as a Compenia-tior or Satisfaction for any Loss, Injury, or Damage, which he, she, or they shall or may sustain by carrying this x\d into Execution; and all Contracts in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, which shall be entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to all Parties who shall figu the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cods recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause the Road to be measured, and Milestones or Posts to be set up, and from Time to Time renewed on the Sides thereof respectively, with Inferiptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles, and Distance of Places, and also Di-redion Posts where any other Road leads out of or into the said Road j and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, destroy, or damage any of the Stones or Posts which shall be so fixed or set up, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions, Letters, or Figures, which shall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof, or cau e or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

IXyi- And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall haul or draw or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, excepting only on crofting the fame, any Tree or Piece of Timber or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages, or shall buffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon Wheeled Carriages to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall drive any Waggon or other Carriage with any Wheel thereof dragged or flopped from going round upon any Part of the said Road where the Descent thereof shall not be above Inches and a Half in the Length of Three Feet, every Person so offending and being lawfully convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, one Half whereof shall go to the Informer.

I.XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act impeded or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of

levying

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly d hefted) shall upon Proof of the Offences and Conviction of the Offenders respectively, before arty One or more Justice or Just ices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or District wherein such Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant or Warrants inch Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath gratis, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, (if not otherwise directed by this Act) shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Riding, or District, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXVIII. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons fhaff be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or in Words to the F.ffeft following, mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be:

Devon or T ‘ DF, it remembered, That on [Time of Conviction] at [Place town'* J ‘ of Conviction) A. B .[Name of Offender] of [Addition ‘ of Offender] was duly convicted before me [or, usj [Name and Stile of ‘ convi,ding Justice or Justices] for that the said A.B. [Name of Offender'},

‘ on [Time of committing Offence} at [Place of committing Offence] d:d

* [here state the Offence against the Act, according to the Fact] contrary ‘ to the Form of the Statute made in the Forty-fever.th Year of the Reign 1 of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here Jet forth the Tide

* of this Act], and I [or, we] do therefore declare and adjudge that the said A.B. [Name of Offender] has forfeited for the said Offence the

* Sum of [Fine], or shall be committed to [Place of imprisonment] for the

* Space of [Time of imprisonment]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our ‘ Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.’

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or filing done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before provided, (save and except the Verdict of the Jury, and any Determination, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing herein-before directed to be final), such Person or Persons may within Six Calendar Months after the [Loc. its Per.] X Cause

8 r

feitures are t* be recovered and applied.

Form of

Conviction.

Appeal to the Cuarter Sessio.is,

S2 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Caafe of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County where the Matter of Complaint shall have arisen, at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the same County, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before feme Justices of the Peace for the same County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide die Order of the Justices at such! Quarter Session, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them by the said Justices; and the Justices at their said Sessions,

, on due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the

entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed in, hear, and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal, in a summary way, and award Costs to the Party appealing, or appealed against, as they shall think proper, and their Determination shall be final, binding and conclufiVe, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trullees in the Execution of this Att shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shalt be signed by the fame Number of Trustees as are empowered to make or direfit the fame, and shall then be deemed original Orders and Proceedings; which Book or Books, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Transfers} shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts, and before all Justices and other Persons having Jurisdifition in the Premises.

Trustees may

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the fdd Trustees may sue and sued for or concerning any Thing which shall be done against or by

Nameof* virtue of this Act, in the Name of their'Clerk or Treasurer for the Time their Clerk being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the or Treasurer. Direction of or argainst the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant [as the Case may be\ in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reaibn of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

Limitation of I.XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com-Action». menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall have been given to the CErk or Treasurer of the said Road, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction thereof, or Tender of such Satisfaction hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Fast being committed; and every such Action or Suit

shall

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

Books to be Evidence.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 83

shall be laid or brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall aril'e, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may at his, her, or their Election, plead specially, or the General blue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County* then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or dtfcontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cafes by Law'.

[Publick Act.]

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-upon the Third Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seven, and "EIl,.lni continue in force until the Third Day of April One thousand eight hun- of^' dred and twenty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be aPublick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being pleaded specially.

LONDON: Printed by Georgs, Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

- et Ik

? ? 3

' r * \ '

.. % JOT k

- , i' *Wli\r '. -..Jit*.-.» l

i *f

*» - / f *4 - -5 t *«.<*

.: f m r

- , T ,. s.

■'( A\ it &J fV$

: •» ‘' Ifi< > ' »* i: t’l.-fi

■ . ‘ ’ V" *’ V/' '

f *.*•.»*'•*'- - V j «:

M? 1 !jiMT aHt rii baflf'.j b k? *• \fjk rv- nit'! vil

V- '«ftt "t It t’.AV\nv.

a b RI v '» UA n ji-

!«w , \

gj . V iSl j#9Tt': ■’ •;" ivstacD ■

;'i fi: J . < rrfi 1

» o tni lit f btis list!’ 'i»r l sv

fciUr .*• niilftrioD ,.!*i3m! Its 6J I tit

3s*i ;■: ors n^iK'MV'O srfi t>i i: sK ’

Ttr ■• It B>. it ‘ ' 'V

fcsd<3s ti 'turst - l> «* >.lf -:

.: 5*K« T t" 't jj}j,

■ t3 I

; ! i. ' p i; >, t ‘t*' !*■’

i. Vi; >*its W M J Vrtb Vr.:-V,».

tv ' 1 ;.'i. ' vs,

■ ,;J 'p ' [!)•-«. 7 Aj 5; U V;\ t W‘«l iX-W*:

t-ttf ;• :";!8 ' J%1 H 11! :l V ’A V Y'Yity v V,

vitj Si ietV. ill! i? Vs •A' , V|>n^ tV3*J

■ >. v--> '*

M . J"Ab |Wwfcdtlt

i ,i»f

• i Hi* rn r- '

■>i US* »W‘J

'? if ft rttSlwi-

■IH' 1® ftij

ft*' futai

•w!M»e«v> fere

■:--n »* *• W.- I

S V»A.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

«*»<h» <H*r*'*NtH|f*;?e:

Cap. 7.

An Act to enlarge the Powers and extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex.

[17th March 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the Ex- 3 Jame» t. flanation of the Statutes of Sewers, it is enacted, that the Walls, c- '4-Diiches, Banks, Gutters, Sewers, Gotes, causeys, Bridges, Streams, and Watercourses, within the Limits of Two Miles of and from the City of London, which Waters have their Course and Fall into the River of Thames, should from thenceforth be, to all Intents, Conductions, and Purposes, as fully subject to the Commission of Sewers, and to all Penalties in the fame Statutes and in every of them contained, as if the fame Places near to the said City of London had been particularly named in the said Statute of Sewer*, or that therein the Water had ebbed and flowed, and therein free Passage with Boats and Barges to the Sea had been theretofore used: And whereas by another Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of William and Mary, late King and Queen of England, intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities tf London 2 w 8: M and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes c. 8. in the County of Middlesex and in the Borough of Southwa>k, and other •Places within the Weedy Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and for tegulating the Markets therein mentioned,' it is enacted, that all new'Sewers,

[ler. U Per ] T at

86 4 f GEORGII! i Ut.Q Cap. 7.

at . any Time since the Twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second made in any of the said Parishes, should be thenceforth subject . to the Commission of Sewers, and to the Laws and Statutes made for Sewers, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if Inch Sewers, Sinks, and Vaults, had been expressly rrientioned in the said Statutes of Sewers to be under the Survey of the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being, within the Limits of their respective Cotn-missions, should have Power and Authority by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act to alter, amend, cleanse, and scour any such new Sewers, Sinks, and Vaults, and to order and direct the making of any other new Vaults and Sewers, and to cut into any Drain or Sewer already made, and to alter and take away any Nuisances in the fame, and to alter or take away any Cross Gutter or Channels in all or any of the Streets and Lanes in the Parishes aforesaid: And whereas many Persons, who reside at a greater Didance than Two Miles from the City of London, have the Convenience of carrying off the Waters from their Lands and Houses by means of divers Communications with the Great Sewers under the Management of the Commissioners for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex: And whereas those Communications with the Great Sewers as aforesaid have caused great Expence to the said Commissioners, and considerable Hurt, Damage, and Inconvenience to divers of His Majesty's Subjects, from the additional Quantity of Water which passes through them to the aforesaid Sewers, occasioned by the Increase of Buildings out of the said Limits: And whereas divers Sewers, Streams, Drains, and Watercourses, which are situate or may be made beyond the Limits prescribed by the said recited Acts respectively, may require to be surveyed, corrected, and amended by the said Commissioners, and Doubts having arisen whether the Sewers, Streams, Drains, and Watercourses beforementioned, are under she Survey, Correction, and Amendment of the said Commissioners for the City and Liberty of Westminster and Part of the County of Middlesex, by virtue of the several Statutes of Sewers; for Reformation whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Jurisdiction That all the Walls, Ditches, Banks, Gutters, Sewers, Gotes, causeys, of the Com- Bridges, Streams, and Watercourses Wed of the City of London, extending to and including a certain Watercourse Part of which divides the Parish of Chelsea on the one Side, from the Parish of Fulham on the other Side thereof, and including the several Parishes within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Precincts of the fame Wed of and extending to Temple Bar, and also including the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George Bloomsbury, Saint Pancras, Saint Mary-le Bone, Saint John Hampstead, such Part of the Parish of Wilfden as is drained by the Watercourses before mentioned, and the Parishes of Paddington, Kensington, and Chelsea, and all Sewers and Drains communicating with the fame Watercourses, or with any of the ancient Sewers comprized within the Limits prescribed by the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, or with any of the Sewers mentioned or comprized in the said Act of the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, which Sewers and Waters have their Courl'e and fall into the River Thames, shall from henceforth be, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as fully subjtd to the Commission of SewertTot the City r? * and of the Corti-missioners extended to a certain Watercourse which divides Chelsea from Fulham.

*7

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex, and to all the Statutes made for Sewers, and to ail Penalties and Provisions in the fame Statutes, and in every of them contained; and that the Lme Corrnnissioners and their Officers, and all Persons acting by their Authority, shall have the fame Powers, Authorises, Remedies, Jurisdictions,

Benefit of pleading, Damages and Coifs, as if the said several Parishes within the said City and Liberty of Wrjiminiier, and the Precincts of the iame, and the said several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Helds, Saint ■ George Bkonfoury, Saint Pancras, Saint Mary-le Bene, Saint John Hamp-Jlead, fitch fart of the Parish of I’Aijden as aforesaid, and the Parishes of Paddington, Kensington, and Chelsea, had been particularly named and described in the several Statutes of Sewers, or that therein the Water had ebbed and flowed, and therein free Passage with Boars and Barges to the Sea had been heretofore used; any Thing in the said Statutes or elsewhere to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, by the Increase of Buildings and various Improve- Power to

tnents made and intended to be made within the Limits last described, it widen, deep, may become necessary to make new Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, a"^ a'*er

and to alter and divert the Course of foine of the ancient Sewers; be it and

therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners to make new of Sewers for the Time being, or such Number of them as are audio- one*> &c-rized to act by virtue of the Commission of Sewers, shall have Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, within the Limits of their said Commission before described, from'l ime to Time as they shall see Occasion, to widen, deepen, embank, alter, amend, cleanse, and scour any Sinks,

Vaults, Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, and to remove and rake away, or cause to be removed and taken away Nuisances in the fame, and to alter and divert the Course of the Water in any of the Streets, Lanes, and publick Ways, and also to order and direct the making of a y new Vaults, Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses in all or any of the Streets,

Lanes, and publick Ways made or to be made within the Limits last before described; and such new Vaults, Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses shall be subject to the Controul, Order, and Direction of the Commissioners of Setvers, their Surveyors and Officers, and to the Laws and Statutes made for Sewers as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if such Vault', Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, had been expressly mentioned in the said Statutes of Sewers to be under the Survey and Authority of the said Commissioners.

III. And whereas great Evils have arisen, and considerable Expence No Sewer to hath been and is stili likely to be occasioned to the said Commission, by be hereafter the improper Constiuftion of new Sewers, to carry oft'the Water and maJeorcon-Soil from Lands and Buildings into the Sewers under the Management out Notice1 * of the said Commissioners, and from bad and improper Materials being being sent to used therein, previmrfly to the fame new Sewers being taken under the the Commis-Management of the said Commissioners, whereby the same are liable soon g°^ee0

to fall into Decay, and become a Nuisance to the Inhabitants and other L'1 His Majesty's Subjects; he it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

Thar previous to the making of any new Sewer in any Street, Lane, ot publick Way, or in any Part intended to be or become a Street, Lane, or publick Way within the Limits of the said Commission, or which shall be intended to carry ®r drain off' Water from any House, Bui'ding, Yard,

88 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

or Ground, into any Sewer under the Management or within the Jurisdiction of the said Commission of Sewers, Notice in Writing shall be given to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid for the Time being, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, at their Office; and that such new Sewer or Sewers shall be constructed and made in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials and Workmanship, under the Survey and Controul and according to the Direction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, their Surveyor or other Person by them duly authorized, and not otherwise; or in Default thereof the said Commissioners, or any Six of them, may cause such Sewer to be prostrated, demolished, put down, corrected, amended, reformed, or rebuilt, as the Case may require, after their Wisdom and Discretion, and shall and may cause the Expence thereof to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Good* and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making or causing to be made such Sewer contrary to this Statute, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Six of them, or may otherwise punish such Offender or Offenders by Fines, Amerciaments, Pains, or other like Means as are provided by any of the Statutes of Sewers in case of Nonpayment of Taxes or Assessments, taxed or assessed under and by virtue of such Statutes, or any of them.

[Publick Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the lung’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ifu * i. g

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

) »s * *■* ' * ,v1 11 rt ' •* r*

HAK,

<?£/>. 8.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en~le-Frith) to or near to Enterciough Bridge) in the County of Derby) and other Roads therein mentioned in the said County, and in the County Palatine of Chester.

[23d March 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and imp: oving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith, to 32 G. 3. or near to Enterciough Bridge, in the County of Derby; and also the Road c. 12$. jrom the Village of Hay field to Marple Bridge in the said County •, and also the Road from the Village of dollop, to a certain Gate called Clayland’s Gate, in the Township of Longdendale, on or near to the Side of the Turnpike'Road hading from Mottram to Woodhead in the County Palatine of Chester: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Money, together with a large [Lee. Ss5 E e Arrear

I IO

Act further continued.

For repealing former Tolls, and granting new Tolls.

New Tells.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Arrear of Interest due thereupon, still remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Hoads comprized in the said Act be properly and effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted py the said recited Act is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof alered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the 'l olls granted by the said recited Act should be increaspd: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-iecond Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except so much thereof as relates to the Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also except so much and such Parc or Parts thereof as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-ascer mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which (except the Tolls herein-after granted) shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this Act; and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said Act, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter become due on the Credit of the said recited Act and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Act have been found insufficient for the Purposes thereof, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of May next after the passing of this Act, the said Toils shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and tcken, before any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, or on any Part thereof, such Toils as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several and respective Sums herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,;

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Berlim Landau, Sociable, Chariot, Curricle, Calafli, Hearle, Chaise, Phaeton, Whiskey, Gigg, or Chair, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (except such Waggons as are herein-after mentioned and described) having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, if drawn by only One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpsnce:

For

Ill

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any Wain, Cart* or other Carriage (except One-horse Carts as aforesaid, and also except such Waggons as are hereafter mentioned and described) having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Waggon drawn by One or more Horses, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, the Sum of Four Shillings:

For every Waggon drawn by One or more Horses, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Six Shillings:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Pair of Mill Stones, or Block or Blocks of Stone or Timber, drawn by Four or more Horses or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence for each Horse:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Flogs, Sheep, or Lambs, Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And that on each and every Sunday, during the Continuance of this Double Tolls Act, there shall be demanded and taken at each Toll House or Turnpike on Sunday. Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, Double the Tolls which shall, for the Time being, be ordered and authorized by the said Trustees to be collected at the fame Toll House or Turnpike Gate on any other Day; but so r.s such Double Tolls shall not be demanded or received from any Person or Persons going to or returning from Church, or other Place of Religious Worship:

Which said several and respective Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby veded in the Trudres for executing the said recited Act and this Act j and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, ltflened, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Powers, Provisions, Remedies, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Act resptfting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, except so far as such Powers, Provisions, and Redactions, are by this Act, varied, altered, or repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part and Parts Certain Parts of the said recited Act, as directs that if there shall be more than Two of the said Gates or Turnpikes erected between the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith and recited Act Enterclough Bridge, no Person having paid the Tolls at I wo of the said Gates or Turnpikes shall be liable the same Day to pay any Tolls at any other Gate or Turnpike erected on any of the said Roads included in the said Act, for passing with the fame Cattle or Carriage, upon producing a Ticket denoting such Payment, which Ticket the Collector of the Tolls were thereby required to give gr. tis; and also, that if One or more Toll Gate or Toll Bars shall be erected on the Road intended to be improved and repaired ar or near the Town of Glossop aforesaid, and also at or near the Vill of Hadfield, within the Lordship of GloJJop, every Person travelling on the said Roads from the respective Hamlets within the Manor of

112

New General Exemption*.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Glojffhp, to and from Clayland’s Gale, shall only be liable to pay at each Bar One Moiety or Half Part of the Tolls thereby directed to be paid, for all Cattle and Carriages travelling on the said Roads; and further, that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage which shall only cross the said Roads or any of them, or shall travel on them or any of them for the Space of One hundred Yards only; and that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to erect any Toll Bar, Side Gate, or Cross Gate, or to take Toll at any Place where the Roads directed to be repaired and amended do intersect, abut upon, or lead into other Turnpike Roads; and that it shall not be lawful for the Trustees of any other Turnpike Road to erect any Toll Bar, Side Gate, or Cross Gate, or to take Toll at any Place where such other Turnpike Road doth intersect, abut upon, or lead into the Roads directed to be repaired and amended by the said Act, shall be and the fame and every Part thereof is and are hereby respectively repealed.

IV. And whereas the Exemptions from Tolls granted by the said recited Act have been found inconvenient and detrimental, be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Alhler or other Stones, Bricks, Gravel, Piles, Rails, or any other Materials, as well for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth liej as also for the building and repairing of Bridges, Arches, Drains, Culverts, Toll Houses, and other Conveniences in, about, or across the said Roads, or across any River, Stream, Brook, Water, or Ditch contiguous thereto; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comped, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (Lime excepted); or f.>r any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going t be or returning from being (hoed or farried; or for any Cattle or carriage canying Corn to any Mill to be ground, or returning empty after having delivered such Loading, or going unladen to fetch such Corn ground, or returning laden therewith, such Corn being the Property of any Inhabitant of the i ownship, Hamlet, or Place where such Corn shall be ground, or of any adjoining Township, Hamlet, or Place, provided such Corn shall not be carded beyond Four Miles in such adjoining Township, Hamlet, or Place, and that the same shall be for the Use and Consumption of such Inhabitant only, and not for Sale; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes or Hamlets in which

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 113

which the said Roads lie; or From any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any oilier Day on which Divine Service is ordered determined by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Hrles, Cattle, or Carrages, of whatsoever Description. emplined or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expr-elles under the Authority of ii s Majesty's Postmaster General, eilhtr when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mail or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying tha fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Anns or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furniflred by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided by such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Palfes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin,

Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Derby or Chester, or either of them, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, No Exemp-as enacts and declares that the l'everal Exemptions from Toll thereby tions to be allowed shall extend to Carriages not having the Soles or Bottoms of the

Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, be and the lame is Lfs Breadth hereby repealed. than Six

Inches.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the Exemptions

said recited Act, as enacts and declares that no Toll lliaJl be demanded _in favour of

or taken at any Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue thereof, for any travelli 1

Waggon, Wain, Catt, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Bealt from Lud-laden only with Coal, and carrying such Coal from Ludu)or/b, Chisworth, worth, &c. and Simcndley Pits, in the Lordship of Gloffbp, to the Town of Gloffbp, for laden w,di the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the said Town of Ajejre' Gloffbp only, or within the Precincts thereof, and the Penalty on Persons 1

taking Advantage of such Exemption by false Pretences, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, within their respective Districts, J "'I,

to erect and set up a Toll Gate or Toll Gates, and Toll House or Toll ofaif0°d3.* Houses, or any Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, on the bide or Sides of

any Part or Parts of the said Roads or Highways, across any Way, Lane,

-• ILoc. Per.'] [*/] or

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

or Road, publick or private, leading out of the fame, and there to cause to be taken and levied such Tolls as are by this Act made payable at any other Toll Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of this or the said recited Act; but l’o nevertheless that the fame do not extend to a Double Charge (except on a Sunday) on any Person passing through any other Toll Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of this or the said recited Act.

Surveyors

VIII. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Surveyor or Sur-n.av dig Alii- veyors of the said Roads, or any other Person or Persons appointed by 3toncs0t&c Trustees, are by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirty*

for building second Year of His present Majesty, empowered to cut, dig, take, and and repairing carry away any Alhler or other Stones, or any other Materials proper for of^Bridget, the building and repairing of Bridges, Arches, Drains, Culverts, Toll Houses, and other Conveniencies erected upon and across the said Roads, or acr of's any River, Stream, Brook, Water, or Ditch contiguous thereto* but merely for the Purpose of repairing the said Roads only: And whereas it would be a great Detriment to the said Roads if the fame were not allowed; be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act as directs the Surveyors and other Persons therein, mentioned to dig Gravel, Sand, and other Materials for repairing the said Roads, be and the fame is hereby declared, and shall be construed to extend to empower the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Lid Roads, or any of them, and such other Person and Persons as are mentioned in the said Act, and they are hereby empowered to cut, dig, take, and carry away any Alhler or other Stones, Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the building and repairing of Bridges, Arches, Drains, Culverts, Toll Houses, and other Conveniencies, in and about or across the said Roads, or across any River, Stream, Brook, Water-, or Ditch contiguous thereto, out of or from any Lands or Grounds, River or Brook whatsoever, except as therein mentioned; and that the said Clause, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, be construed and taken to extend, and be applicable to the Purpose of getting Afliier and other Stone, and any other Materials for the building and repairing of Bridges, Arches, Drains, Culverts, Toll Houses, and other Conveniencies, in or about or across the said Roads, or across any River, Stream, Brook, Water, or Ditch contiguous thereto, as if the fame had been originally inserted and enacted in the Body of the said Act j any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Meetings on

IX. And be it further enacted, That, if after any Adjournment of the Emergencies, said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that there shall be an earlier Day of Meeting than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice, by a Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates then erected by virtue of the said Act and this Act, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, of the Time, Place, and Purpose which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice, and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and &!1 the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings, shall be as valid

and

TLA

urfo.

A

at

Ml

W

tit

!A

id

tv

IS

:kl

Its

OCH

da,

Milt

itfTl

ICS,

nk

tv:

ikt

wing

ifiOK-

fc«r,

kial

Bins

Ip

Otlfit

reW>

m

Tuw.

;,0!>

of*

flfeS*

Rca&

iOi

47° GEORGII III. Cap. S, 115

and effectual as they would have been ia case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

X. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign PowertoercA of His present Majesty, commonly called The General Turnpike Jft, cer- Wci^ung tain Powers were granted to any Five or more of the 1 rufttes sQsing upon any Turnpike Road to erect Weighing Engines; but by the said Act no Power is given to the said Trustees to compel and enforce the weighing of any Carriages, unless the same shall pass through Come Turnpike Bar or Toll Gate, and which Restriction is found to be prejudicial to the Interest of the Roads to be repaired by virtue of the said Act and this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, or any Five or more of them, at any publick Meeting, if they shall think proper, to order and cause to be built upon any Parts of the said Roads as to them shall seem moll eligible and expedient, a Crane, Machine, or Engine, with suitable Buildings thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages, conveying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, and by Writing signed by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every or any such Carriage or Carriages which shall come upon any Part of the said Roads, within the Distance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, whether the same shall have patted through any Toll Gate or Bar, or not, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof; and that all Clauses, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Restrictions. Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, mentioned and contained in the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reigrt of His present Majesty, and applicable to Weighing Engines, shall in all Cafes extend to and operate upon all Cranes, Machines, and Engines whatsoever, to be erected by virtue of this Act; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Truf- l0r^er d tees,or any of them, at any of their Meetings, shall be revoked or altered;- b"t b^.ea'° "e qnless a greater Number of Trustees shall attend at some Meeting to be' greater Num-held for that Purpose, in manner directed by the said recited Act, to revoke bertlian made and alter the fame, than were present when such Order was made. the °rder-

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Statute shall be liable to do Statute Work, or ate or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, or any Diversion thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which the said Road shall be situate, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful bat ' for

147° GEORGII III. Cap. S.

for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justice, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after theferving of such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subjrft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Team or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be airefttd by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lift the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall thh k reasonable, and the same shall be done ar such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall (rom Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as thtf said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act or this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect, or refuse to do such Statute Woik as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a ' Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said

Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or relufed to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in falie and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. Z. 117

XIII. And be it ftmher enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed ot Application awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or of Compen-used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act of the Thirry-second ^ceedin Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, 230p ‘ s which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick,

or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act is particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there cx parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money fbafl not be applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the Add Coo.o’idatcJ or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to- be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur- where the dialed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity ej^edTooh as aforesaid, shall be ltfs than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and nor less than shall exceed the bum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the *ok

fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in ca e of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name ana with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High [Lee. & Per.] [G $] Court

u8

Application of Compensation where less than 20I

In case of not making out Titles;

or if Persons

cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into Bank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

4.7® GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fir; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians. Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money fi ll be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties inurested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fdeferiling them\, subject to the Or .’er, Controul, and Disposition of the said Caurt of Chancery; which said Courcof Chancery, on trie Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends the eof, according to the ref'peftive Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to m ike such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum ot Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

11

47° GEORGII III. Cafi.S.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully en'itled to such Lands, Tenemgits, or Hereditaments, according to inch Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Edate or Interest therein.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, the P. rchafe Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences cf all Purchases from Time to T'me to be made in purL. nee of the said Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the faiu Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Act and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any such Footway; or if any Person shall hale or draw', or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwisethan upon Wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon Wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge Backings, or Copse, on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon the said Road shall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the said Road; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him, her, or them upon the said

Road

i*9

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Persons who shall be in Possession of the Land,

See. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereunto, according to such Possession, unless, &c.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

Riding upon

Footpaths,

&c.

120

Duration of the Term of the Act.

Term and Continuance of this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Cap.S.

Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or it any Person or Persons shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or thall set fire to, or Ifct off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, or within Forty Yards of the fame; or if any Person shall, without sufficient Cause, leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame), in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of limber, or any Stones, Flay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Act shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Act (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments herein contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

I

J

K

It

ly

i

is

nd

ltd

In,

hit.

on.

, for tfa?

•ci

inch

laid lac-, and i menu of Ittioa

UK,

c .^o in i i

h

T

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPT1M0

GEORGII III. REGIS.

hue i-’i I*j. 'ii»Q owT l ie! >d. i»*j.

Cap. 9.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to IValfall andfVed-nejbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads, in the County of Staffo-d, id far as the fame relate to the Two first Districts of Road therein comprised.

[23d March iboj.J

WHEREAS an Act was passed, in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to Wallall and WednHbury, and to Leigh Brook and 6 3' c• -9-

Ocker Hill, and several other Roads, in the County of StaffordAnd whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh V ear of the Reign of jyG. 3. c. 90. His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to Walsall and Wednetbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, a:A several other Roads,

[Lee. id Per.] Cc in

102

N<*vr

Trustees.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

in the County of Stafford, so far as the fame relates to the T-jjo first HifiriSs of Road therein comprised: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, have made considerable Progrel's in the Execution thereof, so far as the fame relate to the said First and Second Districts of Road, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money, which are now due and owing, on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties arising within the said Two Districts of Road; which Monies cannot be repaid, nor the said Districts of Road be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Two Districts of Road, be continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained, so far as the fame relate to the First and Second DistridU of Road, in the said Act mentioned and described (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby altered, varied, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be put in Execution for and during the Term herdin-aftei mentiofied, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fafiie were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, and Alteiations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or hereafter to grow due or be borrowed, on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, so far as relate to the said Two Districts of Road, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Grenville LivifoH Gciver comrrtohly called Lord Levifon Goiter, the Right Honourable Orlando Lord Bradford Sir Edward Littleton Baronet^ Sir Joseph Scott Baronet, Moretou WalhouJ'e, Esquire, John lYa/house Esquire, John Clements Whatclcy Esquire, Nathaniel Gooding Clarke Esquire, WilliUtn Alexander, John Adams, Henry Adams, Charles Adams, Thomas Adanis Surgeon, John Adams Birmingham Street, Josiah Adams, Richard Adanis, John Ash, William While Adams, Thomas Adams Rushall Street, Joseph Adams, Samuel Add fan, Benjamin Barber, William Brookes, Thomas Brooke: junior, Henry Bowman, John Beaky Stanley, John Partridge Blakemore, Edward Bejl, Benjamin Bickley, John Badger, William Badger, Joseph Bagnell, Edward Barber, Thomas Barber, Samuel Barber, Henry Barber, Edward Banton, John Vaughan Barber, Edward Crowlher, Stephen Falkner Crow-ther, Sitoon Cottjlable, Jlhn Crowtber, Henry Curzon, Henry Cur sen junior, Joseph Curzon, Hill Cox, Joseph Curtis, Joseph Curtis junior, William Ciarkfon, Richard Crump, Benjamin Ganjlable, Iftiah Hunks, Charles Henry DdPwSfll, John Eld, John Ebb, Syha'nus Earp the younger, Samuel Elivell, Edward F,lived, John' E1well, 'John Freeth junior, Samuel Fletcher, Richard Moore Fklclier, Charles Smith Forsler, John Forjler, George Forfter, Joseph Griffin, jhla Holden, John Heeley, Joseph Hateley, Edward Hathaway, John Hodfan, Walter Horton, Thomas Hujkifon, John Harrison, John Harrison junioi, IVillim Harrison, Joseph Harrison, Thomas James junior, Joseph Jentts,

Richard James, Whitmore Jones, Thomas Lees, William Lees,- George Lees, 9 Thomcn

47° GEORGII HU Cap.*). 103

f'hortiks Morris, John Mold, WilCiam Mold, Sharks Mold, Jfhac Mark-'-tt'jj, Jdjeph Moimtford, William Nevlll, Joseph Mtisfen, Joh'n IficboM,

'the RfeVer^nd Phillip Pratt, Henry Pitt, John ParHell, "jantes Pittman, Henry ' 'Quinton, Thomas Ruffldl, John Ruffe!I, Adam Rhodes, Abel Round, Joseph '■Round, Richard Rutter, James Rooker, John Rooker. Jfcph R.eynotds,

Joints Smith junior, Sa utrl Smith junior, William Swain, John Swain, Samtiel Sherratt, the Reverend Thomas Hefter Spurrier, Walter Spurrier, Thobtiis Scott, Joseph Stubbs Walsall, Edward Salt, William Shorters, Joseph Spurrier, fienry Tibbets, William Tit/ey, Charles Thornhill, James Thornhill, Wnlitpm Spurrier, WilRam Gilbert Wood, William Walton, John Wood, Francis Watkin Weaiier, Joseph Woolati Surgeon, Edward Wright of Wednesbury, Charles Windle junior, William Wood, Samuel Wood junior, Fowler Walker,

William Wootton, Benjamin Willetts, William Walker, Thomas Walker, the ^Reverend John Waltham, John Williams, Peter Weather hettd junior, and Francis Tates, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pui fuance of the *■ laid recited Acts or either of them, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees hereby appointed, and their Successors (being qualified according to the Directiort of the said first recited Act) are hereby empowered to put the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, with respect to the said Two Districts of Road, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named in and appointed by the said rtcitfed Acts or either of them.

iiton •■}#.' . '. ft I :t.:

III. And be it furthe'r enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and he Trustees may sued in the Name of their Clerk; and that no Action to be brought or ;n commenced by er against the said Trustees, or any Five or mdre of thetri, Name of

by virtue or on account tef the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate their Clerk, to the said Two Districts of Redd, or this Act, or either of them, in the Name of their Clerk1, shall abate or be discontinued by the £)eath or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Corifent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, mail always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action (as the Caffe may be): Provided always, that every such Clerk; in whdfe Name any such Action or Suit shall be commenced, pro-ffecuted, or defended in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act,

shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act,- all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as by the Event-of any such Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his having beenfo made Plaintiff' or Defendant therein as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas Part of the Second Disttift of the said Road, at the Empowering Entrance-into the Town of Walsall from Birmingham, is narrow and incon- Tutafeand venient for the Passage of Carriages; and in order to make the fame of a take down proper Width and commodious for the Publick, it is expedient that cer- certain Build-tain Messuages, Tenements, and Buildings, in a Strfeet there called King '"S’ at the Street, mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, should th^Town of be taken down, and the Series thereof, and certain Lands occupied there- Walsall. with, or adjoining thereto, in the said Schedule also mentioned and described, should be laid into the said Road; be it therefore further enacted.

That the said Truflefes, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to purchase, pulldown, remove, take, and make use of the c t.' Messuages

104

47° GEORGII III. Cap. g.

Messuages and Buildings, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments described in the said Schedule, for the Purpose of opening and widening the said Road; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, as aforesaid, shall and may make or cause to be made the said Improvement in such Direction and of such Ditnensions, not exceeding Sixty Feet in Width, and in such Manner as to them, or any Five or more of them, shall appear moll proper and convenient.

Misnomert V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either venmh^Exe the Premises mentioned and defended in the Schedule hereunto annexed, cution of the" or aDY of the Persons in whose Possession or Occupation the fame or any Act. Part thereof are or is dated or described to be, or the Owner or Owners

thereof shall happen to be misnamed or inaccurately described, such Mif-nomer or inaccurate Description, shall not prevent or retard the Trustees in the Execution of this Act; but the fame Premises, and every Part thereof, shall and may be used, fold, conveyed, disposed of, and applied to and for the Purposes of this A£t? as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame or any Part thereof were more particularly described or named any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Corpora-

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for apy Bodies

poweredto"1" P°htick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations fell Lands, Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Sec. Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever not only for and

on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but alto for and on Behalf of any Infants, Wards, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, Lunaiicks, Idiots, or other incapacitated Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be, seised or possessed of, or interested in any of the Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments mentioned in the said Schedule, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, for the Satisfaction to be made to or for any Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain, by diverting or turning the Course of such Road, through the Ground on which the Messuages and Buildings mentioned in the said S chedule now (land, or in or through any Land therein also mentioned and described; and to sell and convey v.nto them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid, to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute,. IJfuage, or other Matter yfhat-soever, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate Ur Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this ACT

Jury to fcule VII, And be it further enacted, That if any such Corporation or Person, tkr Damage Upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the I)wek U)'t nceTncafe *‘nS House or H.ruses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person, or of die Parties the Principal Officer of such Corporation; or at the iioul'e of the Tenant cannot agree, in Posseftica of the Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments

47* GEORGII III. Cap. Qi 10$

tsments dsscribed in the said Schedule, shall, for the Space of Teh Dayfi next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refute to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage and Recompetice to be enquired into, and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Stafford; and in order thereto, the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the Premises, which Oath any One of the said Trullees present are hereby empowered to administer; and they shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the Jury's Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge* and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said several Owners and other Persons interested in the said Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition and Judgement, Order, or Determinaation thereupon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well abl'ent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, Celluique Trulls, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, b.cclfcfiartical and Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and Persons interested in such Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Money so assessed as aforesaid, be thereby from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, and to the fame; jury hQW to and for summoning and returning such Juries, the said Trustees, befummor.ed. or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Stafford, commanding him to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four indiffertnt Persons, qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place, as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, summon and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, to be drawn by Ballot out of the said Twenty-four, and in default of a sufficient Number of Persons so impannelled, the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, who shall be sworn in like Manner, until the Number of Twelve be completed, which Twelve shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they Come to bc sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

; fZ.ee. isf Per.] D d ailing

x©6 47° GEORG! I III. Cap. 9.

acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or that shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, and from Time to Time recover, levy, and apply the Fines in the same Manner as any F’ine or Fines, Penalty or Forfeiture is by the said recited Acts or this Act authorized and directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, so that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds on any one Person for one Offence.

to'be raised

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and ,k ° erait Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid, is and are hereby charged upon the Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act, within the Second District of the said Road, and shall be paid thereout by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer, according to the Directions herein-after contained, either into the Bank of England, or (as the Case may be) to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or their Agents; and if such Persons or their Agents cannot be met with, or upon Tender of such Money shall refuse to receive the same, then and upon Payment thereof, or in case upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, for the Use of the respective Persons entitled thereto, and Notice thereof in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, given to such Persons, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, such Messuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, shall by the said Trustees, their Surveyors, or Workmen, be laid into and made Part of the said Two Districts of Road, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes, become and be a Common Highway, and for ever afterwards be deemed Part of the said Second District of Road, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner as the old Road so widened, altered, or turned, was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after the said Road shall have been so widened, improved,

and made complete, the Land not wanted for making the said Improve-

ments, and the Laud constituting the former Road, or such Part thereof as shall be useless or unnecessary for the Purposes of a Publick or Common Flighway, shall be vested in, and shall and may be sold by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repair of the said Second District of Road, and other the Purposes of this Act; and the Conveyance to be made of such Land being executed by the said Tuftees, or any Five or more of them, and inrolled by the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Bmlding^

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Offer of the and Land used Purchase of any old Road, or of any Land not wanted for the Purposes for making a Gf this Act, shall be first made to the Owner of the adjoining Land which have tliTfirft0 be cut or used for the Purpose of widening, turning, or improving Offer of the the said Road; and in case such Owner shaft be deftrous of becoming the old Road. a ‘ ' Purchaser

107

47° GEORGII III. Cap 9.

Purchaser of such old Road or Land not wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall be ft .11 defiraus of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof stall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Buildings and Lands to be taken in pursuance of this Act, is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road or Land not wanted for the Purposes of this Act, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) to make an Affidavit to be sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where such old Road or Land not wanted for the Purposes of this Act shall lie, Hating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road or Land as last aforesaid (as the Case may be) and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or was refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is become unnecessary, and as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively, shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in exchange for any Buildings or Land taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to allure the same to such Person or Persons by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him, her, or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity. ,

X. Provided always, That no Person shall act as aTrustee in any Case Trustees inte-

relating to the pontrafting for or purchasing of any of the said Messuages, retted not to

Buildings, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, wherein he shall be 5"tc' ,n‘°

PI i n i Contract

particularly concerned or interested. for t],c;r owa

Premises.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cafes where a Verdict By whom the-shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Expences of Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Mef- •^Ve'plid^ fuages, Buildings. Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, or for any such

Lois or Damage than what shall have been previously agreed to or offered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall be offered to be accepted or taken on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old

Road

10$ 4?° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Road or Land not wanted for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning such Jury, and of taking such Inqueil, shall be defrayed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more- of them, out of the Money already raised or to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act; but if any Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for no more or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said i'rullees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoniag and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money f.'r any such old Road or Land as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquests, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have had such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by foine Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame, and shall and may be deduded out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are by the said recited Acts or either of them, provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby incurred: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall by reafen of Absence have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Charges shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

Application

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or of Compen- awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, when excecY ta^en» or ukd by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, ing 2col. for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Acts or this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other

Lands,

47* GEORGII III. Cap. 9. 109

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and lettled to, for, and upon, such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be exilling, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean rl ime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual'Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awatded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, where the purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as thanVooh* aforesaidt^shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall and exceed* amount^to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such *oL Cafes the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or Otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act,

I such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Handsof the nominating and approving Parties;) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Bireftton or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo- Application ney so agreed or awarded to be paid aS next beforementioned, shall be less where the than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied U°ney islefi to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have 1 an ' been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts

(Loc. 2s* Per. 3 £ e and

no

In case of not making out Titles, or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery.

Where any Question shall arise touching such Money, the Person who shall be in Possedion of the Lands, Uc. at the Time of such Purchase,

shall be deemed entitled thereto.

A.f GEORGII III. Cap.g.

tad this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled rdpedively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good'I'ide to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall belo awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be. lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to order the Laid Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account.to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money., or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a funmiary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall feern meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Pea-lick Funds, and to order Distribmion thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective F.state or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the C.afhier or C.afhiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whefe Use the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any F.state, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any fitch Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemsd and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be. purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied,

7 and

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason The Court of of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation Chancery, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased J'lay"rd"rea' under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase pencesof *" Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Purchases to Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, bc Paicl b>' or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said re- the Trustee*-cited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemption* taken for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, employed in carrying hem Toll, or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying, or conveying, having been employed only in carrying and conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Two Districts of Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Districts of Road lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners; or for any Horse, Cattle, Bealt, or Carriage, employed in carrying or conveying, or going' to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Iduf-bandry; or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands (Chalk or Lime excepted); or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places; or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships or Parishes; or from any dug) man going to or returning from visiting any rtck Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle or Carriage, of whatsoever Discription, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Poltmarter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching cr guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, attending any Soldiers upon their March cr on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Beall,

112

Persons chargeable to StatuteWork tocontinue so. Justices to determine Differences touching Statute Work.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. g.

employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes to their Place or Places of Settlement, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Stafford on the Day or Days^ of such'EIedtion, Or on the Day before or on the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Hijrfe, Mare or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person or Per* fdns belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided’ that fitch Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respetbive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner, claim and take the Benefit of. any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to' the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to'the Purposes of this Act, and shall and may he levied and recovered in the same Manner as any other Penalty may by the said Acts, or either of them, be levied and recovered.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ail Persons who by Law are or (had be liable to' do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Two Districts of Road or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Borough or Town Corporate, in which the said Two Districts of Road, or any Pait thereof, is situate .; and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said 1'ruflees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Districts of Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places within their respective ' Jurisdictions, and in which the said Two Distri&s of Road lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, Lifts of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Stature Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for inch Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the resptctive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrichons, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and pitt of such Lifts 'the said Justices shall aiuT may allot, appoint, arid

order

47° GEORGII It!. Cap. 9. 113

order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statutd Work in every Year upon the said Two Districts of Road as the said Just ices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Districts of Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them be subject and liable to such Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as il he had regleded or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Districts of Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Districts of Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trustees nay for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, compound for Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done t,ulut£:‘ oli' 9n the said Districts of Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Two Districts of Road are situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year, or otherwise as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work, to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Districts of Road, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by t!ie Person or Per-[La. 5s*' Per.] Ff fons

IX4

Meetings of Trullees to be held in future at Walsall only.

For prerenting Nuisan-ces.

For paying Expences of the Act.

Fnblick Act_

Term and Continuance of the Act.

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

fons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trullees, in advance on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish cr Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXI. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Acts directed, that the Trullees shall hold their Meetings for the First of the said Districts of Road, alternately at the Towns of llajfall and Wednesbury, which is found very unnecessary and inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Meetings of the said Trullees for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, so far as relate to the said Two Districts of Road, shall be held in the said Town of Walsall only.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully set, place, or leave any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough or Implement of Husbandry, or shall throw, lay down, or leave any Heap of Muck, Soil, Manure, Rubbish, or other Thing whatsoever, in or upon any Part of the said Two Distriets of Road or the causeways thereto adjoining or belonging, and suffer the same to remain thereon longer than Four Flours, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and applied in such and the same Manner, as any Penalty or Forfeiture by the hud first recited Act inflicted is thereby directed; and that if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act imposed, he or she may appeal to the General Quarter Sefficms of t he Peace to be holden in and for the said County of StuffirJ, in such and the same Manner as Persons are directed and allowed to appeal by the said first recited Act against the Penalties or Forfeitures thereby imposed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Abt, together with lawful filtered for all Money which shall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpose, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Abt, on account of the said Two Biltribts of Read ir. Preference to al other Payments whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Abt shall be deemed and taken to be ePublick Abt, and dull be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts subject

to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Abt contained, so far as respect the said Two Didribls of Road, and this Abt, shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 2

47° GEO R GII III. Cap. 9.

The SCHEDULE to which this refers.

In King Street, in the Town of Walsall.

A Messuage or Tenement, with a Brewhouse, and Garden and Yard thereto belonging, the Property of Mailer John Weftlev, and in his own Occupation.

A House or Tenement, Shop, Yard, and Garden, belonging to Bett Spooner, in the Occupation of Henry Barber.

Two other Houses or Tenements, the Property of the said Bett Spooner, and in the several Occupations of John Bird and William Hateley.

One other House and Yard, belonging to the said Bett Spooner, in her own Occupation.

One other House and Shop, belonging to the said Bett Spooner, in the Occupation of James Hodgkins.

Three Houses or Tenements, belonging to Elizabeth Barber, in the several Occupations of Elizabeth Reynolds, Richard Eoriter, and Sarah Smith.

Anot her House and Shop, belonging to the said Elizabeth Barber, and in the Occupation of James Partridge.

Another House, with Shops and Yard, belonging to the said Elizabeth Barber, in the Occupation of William Bagnall.

Another House and Yard, belonging to the said Elizabeth Barber, in the Occupation of Joseph Cooper.

A House or Tenement, and Shop, and void House, the Property of Robert Hildick, in the Occupation of William Wilkinson.

Another House and Yard, belonging to the said Robert Hildick, in the Occupation of John Hodgkins.

Another House or Tenement, belonging to the said Robert Hildick, and in the Occupation of Benjamin Smith.

Two Gardens, the Property of the said Robert Hildick, and occupied with the Three last-mentioned Houses.

J.ONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

..' OI«)

♦r .*0 .’ I

11

H, M - . r - M

•v ‘‘ 1 * ’ \

Vi .»

! fr n .*$■ r 1 v|

.: 1 OJr-ro )

< | r ■> 7 '1 f ‘ flv '

-3S r

w* r /

■f ,-r . .;A

i; v;ioO ‘ i> Cl i-.3K ff .’»!./ , T oil v '’on/-.

i *'vj i >^t) £j| [ V'X&U

■* •■ v/:* *'•* .;

y' v.

> \ • }

■ - ■• -7-' -

i-.. ... u tv .: v‘ \ ..; r >r;" it

V.L. t.jtfWftflfc/-‘XT

J . 7' *49 l«i

, L ■. - ul

ir ., ' ■- . I p

* •> i

ivi v r -

4^RjfX.7'vV , ‘ *1 Sw

-' '• •' v .■

ife ■»' ■t'

JlJ\:

» 1

$»* ' '

I

r

m.

V t H 'V ' - !-

: I '■.;tT

• !► . '■• ~ ... *< Jj BJ

i.

’- v .\ i .: !•: *i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap• io*

An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parifj Church of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof and building a Vefiry Room near or adjoining to the said Church; to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act.

[23d March 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An 4* ©- St Act for taking down amd rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof.and building a Vcjtry Room near or adjoining to the said Church; whereby Certain Persons therein named were appointed Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution: And whereas it was by the said recited Act (among other Things) enacted, That it should be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, for the several Purposes of the said Act, upon the Credit of the Rate or Airdrie i.rr. id Per.] G g men:

■ii3

Enabling'll)? Trustees to raise afurther Sum of Money by Sale of Annuities,

Annuities to be paid Half-AtfsVjvy'and the Sale thereof to be ad-ve/tifed, etc.

Power to raise all or any Part of Money "upon Mortgage of Rate.

Application of the Money raised by such Sale, or Mortgage.

47" G E ORG 11 III. Cap. io.

iriiinjt to be made, levied, and collected by virtue cf th file! Act: And whereas the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds, lo authorized to be raised by the said Trustees^hath been accordingly raised, and hath !aa,"n duly laid out and emended for the Uses and Purposes- mentioned in the Lid recited Act; but the laiue hath been found insufficient for the several Purposes thereof, the Body of the said Church being yet in an incomplete and imperfect State, and unfit to perform Divine Service therein: And whereas it is ne^'tfiary that Fowers mould be given to raise a further Sutn of Money-in order to complete the Body of the said Church, and to enable the said Trustees to repair the Tower thereof, and to build a Veltry Room near or adjoining thereto, and to carry the Powers of the said Act into full and complete Execution; but the fame cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by ana with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemblcrd, and by the Authority of the same, That it fit a 11 be lawful for the Trustees for executing the said recited Act (and who are hereby appointed Trustees for executing'this Act) at^ their Discretion (but subjectc and without Prejudice to the Annuities alteaay granted under the Powers of the said Act) to raise by Sale of Life Annuities, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the fame, any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Six thousand Pounds.

r.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Annuities shall be made payable Half-yearly, during the natural Lives of such Contributors respectively, or during the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Contributors, and a proportionable Part of such Annuity shall be paid from the Half-yearly Day. of Payment, to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant, or his or her Cestuique Vie; and the Annuities, to be purchased under this Act hi all be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of the Monies arising by the Rates or Assessments authorized by the said receded Act to be made on all Houses, Buildings, or Premises, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, rateable to the Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parrlh of !-Chcrtfey in Manner therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall think it adrifable to raise all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed under this Act, by way of Mortgage, upon the Credit of the Rate or Assessment so authorised to be made by the said recited Act as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, by \yfiring under their Hands and Seals, to assign all or any Part of such Rate or Assessment to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with lawful Interest, in such Manner and Form, and under the fame Powers and Authorities in every respect as in the said recited Act is mentioned and prescribed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising from the Sale of the Annuities to be raised, and also the Money to be' borrowed under or by virtue of this Act, shall be laid out and applied in the iirlt place in paying and defraying the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to arid attending the obtaining and passing ol this Act, and then in or towards

6 the

id

or

ed

W

sat

id

}'i

ia

Lift

sie

47° GEORGII III. Cap. to.

the carrying the Trurts and Purposes of the said fecited Act and ti ls Act into full and complete Execution; and that the fame Utah be subject and liable to such and the like Orders of Payment, and to such and the like Regulations, and be attended with such and the like Power of Alignment, and be in all other respects on the fame footing as the Annuities granted and Monies borrowed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, save and except that the Annuities to be sold under or by virtue of this Act, shall not in anywise over-reach, take place of, or prejudice, but in point of Priority of Charge be subsequent to the Annuities fold under the said recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all the Extending Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Regulations therein contained, shall, as the Powers far as the same are applicable, extend, and be construed, deemed, and "n<* I>rovi' taken to extend to this Act, and the Powers and Purposes thereof, as

fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Act, to this Act; and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Regulations therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken Publick Act* to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by

all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

: Wli/odi

II9

pble

jfrir,

skies

e£e

Vie;

ETcfcy [36 Of

via,

idle

& of

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. a807-

aldfinoiitoqotq c/mis ’•» 9<ttb*jlvi d 1 ;• isnim' nli >.

4«9(«jyjs5>. ths»<aWV> «i rl hi:.. . y nh ri.»u to In.4

1 fell

T0f«l

as

t&i1

dsd

Peri®

jtyfr

iliate’

rf3$

it

c\\

, CV» ,\i

in n >&ona v

.*1 T7

•I .!'•!•! I

I . ' ■/i ln>: ft'. oH

/ $fbp: "r: '-r '• L. 4

1 it 'j 4 1.4’ :•

Ijj, m!. ,bs.r H

'l! »m».T . «.-i

■ - '1 '5

i , ': --m Vfc ‘ ' 1

Pi.* Ul :-E& pi oil .‘Jjci

e. JOi li'.Olb I , ill ' v'- Lt»

tfou Ah. /ai9T.-ill Mi:, jN.Vjl.'S if., it:■ jak

■ U - , Q:. - 6*fX T T

V'" ' ' ' ’ ■, t, v•

j’? »-; US

tT'Ml.K 1 . ’iiac

i

vAVi . t j: -.t.5 .-I

O'

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III: REGIS.

Flap. ii.

An Act for continuing the Terra, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirtieth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Fife, and for making and keeping in repair several other Roads in the said County.

[9th April 1807.I

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " repairing the Road from Newmish Bridge by Foodie's Mill, «' Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to " Crail, and other Roads in the County of Fife:" and by another Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act " passed in the Thirtieth Year of' His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, «< An Act for making and repairing the Road from Newmish Bridge by (i Foodie’s Mill, lnverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and << Cameron Bridge, to Crail, and other Roads in the County of Fife; and " for making and repairing other Roads in the said County," certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making and repairing, and keeping in repair the Roads in the said several Acts particularly mentioned, and they were thereby authorized to levy certain Tolls and Duties, and to borrow certain Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, and other Powers were granted to them for the Purpose of making and repairing the said Roads", during the Term therein mentioned: And whereas, the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and confer, & At.] Hh siderable

jo G. 5. c. 93.

37 G. 3. c. 1 So.

* 22

■New RoiJs ael'cribeJ.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. ir.

fidcrable Progress has been made in making and repairing the Roads specified in the said recited Acts, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed, and applied, together with the Tolls for the said Purposes, but it is found by Experience, that the said Roads cannot be completely made and kept in Repair, and the Money so borrowed repaid, unless the Mode of levying the Tolls is altered, and the Tolls increased, and a further Sum is authorized to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and the Terms and Powers granted by the said recited Acts enlarged and altered: And whereas, several other Roads and Lines of Communication in the said County, herein-after mentioned, are in bad Repair, and inconvenient for Travellers; and it would be of great Advantage to the Public, if the Trusteef, appointed by the said recited Acts, weic also authorized to make and repair the said Roads and Lines of Communication; and, for that Purpol'e, to levy Tolls thereupon, and to borrow Money on the Credit thereof} and that the Powers granted to the said Trustees by the said recited Acts, and by this Act, should be extended to the said Roads, that is to fays the Road from Brae km out Mill to the River Tay, at or near Ferry Port-on Craig, running through the Parishes of Leucbars, Ferry, and Forgon; the Road from Saint Andrew's ro Crail by Kingsbarns, leading through the Parishes of Saint Andrew's, Crail, and Kingsbarns the Road from Saint Andrew's by Lalhons, to join the Turnpike Road iu Balcarras at Largo Ward, wi:h a branch by Higham Loan, leading through the Parishes of Saint Andrew's, Cameron, arid Kilconqukar; the Road from Cupar to Largo-burn- Mouth by Leajfes, leading through the Parishes of Cupar, Ceres, and L.argo •, the Road from Balcarras-mill to ■Bite riaibour by Kilconqubar, leading through the Parishes of Kilconqtc-■bar and Rite; the Road branching off the Turnpike Road at or near Bakhryftie, by Eiie to pittenweem, leading through the Parishes of Kilconqubar, Elie, Pittenweem, Newburn, and Saint Monance; the Road from Law field through the Lands of New Guiljlen, Teafifes, Teucbats, Green-Jiae. and Pratis, to Prath-muir, or thereabouts, connecting the Turnpike Road to Collin/burgh with that from Cupar to Windygates, leading through the Parrfhes of Scconie, Ceres, Kilconqubar, and Largo; the Load from Saint Andrew’s by Denino to Anstruther Harbour, with a Branch by Nether Carnbee to Pittenweem Harbour, leading through the Parishes of Saint Andrew's, Lenino, Carnbee, Kilrenny, and Anstruther-, the Continuation of the Road from the East End of Balcarras Dykes by Kellie and Jsalhovjfie, to join the Road from Saint Andrew's to Anfirutber at Pitkeene, and the proposed Branch, leading by the Back of Balhouffie, to Crail through the Par idles of Carnbee, Kilrenny, and Crail j the Road from Saint Andrew’s by Balone to the Turnpike at Drumcarro, and the Road from Saint Andrew's to the Village ot Ceres through Magus muir, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Sjruthers, leading through the Parishes of Saint Andrew’s, Cameron, Kemback, Ceres, and Scconie; a Branch ot Road from the V\ eft Coiner ot Pitlour Planting, to pass Bahai)d Castle towards Paris Bridge till it joins the Perth Turnpike Road, leading through the Parishes of Strathmiglo, Arngajk, and Aberne-tby, in Fife, Perth, and Kinross Shires; the Road striking off from the great Turnpike Road from Kirkcaldy to Cupar by New Inn, at or near :Thornton, and running Weft by Slralhore and Clunie, until it join the Kirk of Beath Road, leading through the Parishes of Dyfiart, KinglaJJie, Auchtcrderran, and Beath -, a Road from Callatjge to Pitfcottie Budge, through Dura Den to Dairfte Bridge, or Rumgay Ford, so as to join the proposed Road from Ojnaburgh to Ceres Muir, leading through the Parishes of Ceres, Kemback, and.Dairfte the Road from the Turnpike

Road

123

47° GEORGII III. Cap. ir.

Road at the Foot of the Boreland Loan above Byfart, by East JVtfnys, Mooredge, and the Sawmill Ford, or thereby, till it join the Turnpike Road near to Scoonie Bridge, leading through the Parishes of By fart, Wemysy Markinch, and Scoonie; but as these Purposes cannot be accom-plished without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the Kino’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers Provisoes, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate, to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed for and during the Term hereafter-mentioned, as well for the Purposs of repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads therein-mentioned, and all the other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, as for making, repairing, and maintaining the several Roads herein before particularly de-fertbed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame were repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act; and as if the said additional Roads had been included in the said Acts; and the additional Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be, lub-jest and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the said Roaus, and of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts, or of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the lame respectively.

II. And be it enacted, That all Acts, Proceedings, Orders, Matters, and Things, relative to the Execution of the said recited Acts, and this Act, may be done and execuced by any Three or more of the Trustees appointed under this and the before recited Acts, excepc only in the Cafes specially directed to be done and execuced by any greater or Ids Number of them.

III. And be it enacted, That the First General Meeting of the Trustees for putting in Execution the before recited Acts, and this Act, shall be held on the First Tuesday of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, or as loon thereafter as conveniently m iv be, and a like General Meeting shall be held on the First Tuesday of May Annually thereafter, and chat the First General Meeting of the said Trustees for the respective Dif-ricts of the said County for putting in Execution the before recited Aces, and this present Acr, shall be held on the Days following in the present 'Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, or as soon after as '.onve-rrienclv may be in the said Year, and on the same Days annually in Time coming; that is to say, the Trustees for the Dilirict of Saint Andrew's, on the First Tuesday ot April, the Trustees for the District of Cupar on the IVeonesday arter the First Tuesday of April; die Trustees for the Dif-ttrice of Kirkcaldy on the Thuff day after the First Tut day of April; and the Trustees for the District of Dunfermline on the Friday after the First Tuesday of April; with Power to adjourn 'themselves to meet at such Times as the said Trustees at their Eft Meeting shall think proper, without prejudice to their meeting looner, if there shall be Occasion, upon "Notice by the Clerk to the last Meeting, advertised once at lealt in any Two Edinburgh Newspapers published for the Time, Ten Days at lealt previous to the Day of Meeting.

Acts further continued.

Quorum of

Trustees.

Annual General Meeting of the County,

and of the Diflr'dj.

IT.

‘4

Power to Viorrrw Mo-nry for making <he Roads.

FormcrTolIs repealed, and New Tol>s granted.

47° GEORGII III. Cap.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the more speedy and effectual

Reparation of Roads, described in this present Act, intended to be made and repaired, i: shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or a Quorum of them, at any of their General Meetings assembled, and they are hereby empowered to grant Authority to a Quorum of Trustees, for the respectiveDiftrifts within which the Roads recited in this Act respectively lie, or to whose particular Charge the making and repairing thereof may be committed, at a regular Meeting assembled for the special Purpose, to borrow, on the Credit of the Tolls or Duties to be collected upon the said Roads described in this Act, at any Time or Times, any Sum or Sums of Money that may be found necessary for making and repairing the said Roads, building Bridges thereon, and for defraying all other Charges and Expences attending the procuring and Execution of this Act; but for no other Purpose or Ule whatsoever: Provided, that no new Road shall be begun to be made or repaired, or any Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising thereon, or any Expence incurred concerning the same, until a fair and proper Estimate of the whole Expence of making or repairing the same shall have been obtained, and the whole of the Money necessary for completing the Did Roads shall be subscribed, and One-half thereof actually paid, and lodged in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, for that special Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls granted and made payable in and by the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall, from and after the Eleventh Day of November, in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.ceafeand be discontinued, and in lieu andinflead thereof, the several Tolls and Duties hereinafter mentioned shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be collected and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from time to time appoint to receive the same at the several and respective TolbGates and Turnpikes already let up and erected, or which may hereafter be set up and erected upon the said Roads, described in the said recited Acts, and this Act, or across any Lanes or Ways leading into the fame, (not being private Roads), before any Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pal’s through the lame, viz.

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, or any other Four-wheeled Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules a Sum not exceeding Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Hories, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, a Sum not exceeding Nine-pence Sterling:

For every Chaise, Curricle, Chair, or other such like Carriage, with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by one Horl'e, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, a Sum not exceeding Nine-pence Sterling; for every Taxed-Cart, drawn by One Horle, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse, or other Bead of Draught, where any such Carriage, and the Loading thereof, taken together, shall not exceed Twenty Hundred . . Weight,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. n. 125

Weight, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence Sterling; and where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Twenty Hundred Weight, and shall not exceed Twenty-live Hundredweight, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence Sterling; and where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Twenty-five Hundredweight, and shall not exceed Thirty Hundred Weighc, a Sum not exceeding Eight-pence Sterling; and in addition to the said Tolls, there shall be levied and taken in all Cafes, where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Thirty Hundred Weight, and shall not exceed Thirty-five Hundred Weight, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Sterling for every One Hundred Weight which such Carriage and Loading shall weigh above Thirty Hundred Weight, and for every One Hundred Weighc which such Carriage and Loading shall weigh above Thirty-five Hundred Weight, and not FortyHu dred Weighr, a Sum not exceeding Two pence Sterling; and (or every Hundred Weight which such Carriage and Loading shall weigh above Forty Hundred Weight, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling:

And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding,or Mule, or other Bead ot Draught, that shall be employed in drawing any of the said Waggons, Wains,

Carts, or other Carriages, more than one, a Sum not exceeding Twopence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, whereon any Person shall ride, a Sum not exceeding Three-pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding Two pence Halfpenny Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen or neatCattle, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, a Sum not exceeding Ten-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And that on every Sunday after the Commencement of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at the Toll-gales respectively, in addition to the Tolls herein-before made payable, before any Horse, Mare,

Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cart, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, double the Tolls before directed to be taken on any other Day in the Week.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Limitation Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, as aforesaid, having the Fellies of gnrQ ur°f the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and being wheels, cylindrical, that is to say, of the fame Diameter on the Inside next to the Carriage, and on the Outside, and in every intermediate Part between the Inside and Outfide, so that, when rolling on a flatSurface, the wholeBreadth of such Fellies shall bear equally on such flat Surface, that the opposite Ends of the Axle-trees of such Carriages, as far as the same shall be inferred in the Naves of the Wheels, shall not form an Angle with each other, but shall be in the Continuance of one straight Line, so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriages, the lower Parts which shall rest on the Ground, shall be at the fame Distance from each other as the upper Parc of the said Pair of Wheels, and further, having the Nails sunk level with the Rings on ihe Wheels, shall be chargeable with only Two-third Parts of the Toll hereinbefore granted upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other such like Carriages; and that every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or such like Carriage with Four Wheels, having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth [Lor. Lf Per.'] 1 i Six

126

Tolls to be paid at Gates although within Six Miles of any other Gates,

Exemptions from Toll.

Construction of the former Acts, where a Road is described as going by a Place.

Power to compound with Proprietors of Stone Quar ties.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

Six Inches or upwards, and being cylindrical, and the Nails sunk level with the Ring, as particularly before specified, shall be chargeable with only Half of the Toll hereinbefore granted upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other such like Carriages: Provided also, Thar every Perf'on claiming the Privilege hereby granted to broad-wheeled Carriages, shall permic the lame to be examined and measured by any Person concerned in the Collection of the said Tolls.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls levied, and to be levied upon the Lines of Road described in the said former Act, shall be paid, notwithstanding that the Gate or Gates 3t which the same are demanded or levied, are or may be situated within Six Miles of a Gate or Gates erected upon any of the said other Roads described in this present Act, and that the Tolls and Duties leviable upon the said Roads described in this Act, but not comprehended in the said former Acts, shall be demandable and paid notwithstanding the Gate or Gates at which the fame may be demanded, may be situated within Six M ies of a Gate erected, or to be erected upon any of the Roads described in the said former Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Exemptions from the Payment of Tolls allowed by the said recited Acts, in all the Cafes therein mentioned, shall be continued during the present Act, except as he>einafter mentioned; and further, that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for the Horses, or Carriages of Officers, or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty; nor for any Horses, Catde, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or Seamen, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or dila-bled Officers or Soldiers, or in returning from carrying and conveying the fame; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rods by them in going to, or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with and conveying Vagrants, or Criminals fenc with legal Passes, or returning from conveying the fame; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said recitedAfts, and this present Act shall not be construed to restrain the Trullees from causing any Road to be carried in the Direction which to them shall leem bell, on account of the Road being described as going by any particular Place, provided that it is made to pals through some Part of the Parish in which the Place lo named is situated.

X. And be it enacted, That so much of the before-recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty as exempts Carts, or other Carriages, loaded with Stones for building, from Payment of Toll from the First Day of May to the First Day of October in each Year, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; but declaring, that where the Stones Ifiall be taken Irom any Quarry situated within Fhrce Miles of any Gate or Gates

127

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

Gates erected or to be erected upon any of the said Turnpike Roads contained in this, or the said recited Acts, the Trustees shall have Power to compound or agree with the Proprietor of the said Quarries for Carriages for transporting the said Stones, in the same manner as they are authorized by the said recited Acts, to enter into Compositions for any Tolls and Duties.

XI. And be it enacted, That no Composition shall be made for Tolls for, or in respect of any Waggon, Cart, or any such like Carriage, or of any Horse or other Bead drawing the fame, where such Carriage or Carriages shall, with its Loading, exceed Thirty-one hundred weight, unless such Carriage or Carriages have the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth* or Gauge and Construction in this Act before specified, and unless the Nails in such Fellies are counterfunk so as nor to rife above the Surface; nor shall any Composition be made for Tolls for, or in respect of any such Carriage or Carriages which, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by this Act to such Carriage or Carriages.

XII. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, shall arise touching, concerning, or irt any ways relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under Authority of the said Trustees, shall not by reason thereof be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XIII. And be it further enacted.That in case the Owner of any Waggon Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall fail to have his Name and Place of Abode painted in legible Characters upon some conspicuous Part of such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order and direct the Tacksman of the Tolls or the Toll-gatherer, or other Person employed to collect any of the Tolls or Duties leviable under this or the said recited Acts, and such Tacksman or Toll-gatherer is hereby expressly authorized and required to levy, demand, and take, at the said Turnpike Gate or Gates, before any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or any other such Carriage on which the Owner’s Name shall not be so painted, pals through the fame, double the Tolls and Duties by this Act authorized to be levied and taken, and which double Tolls shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the other Tolls and Duties are by this Act and the said before recited Acts, directed to be recovered and applied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Tacksman, Toll-gatherer or other Person employed to collect the said Tolls, shall permit any Wao. gon. Wain, or other such like Carriage, on which the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner shall not be painted as herein-before directed, to pass any of the said Toll bars without exacting double Tolls as before-mentioned, or shall absent himself from the Turnpike Gate, so as to occasion Delay or Inconvenience to Travellers, or shall knowingly exact any higher Rate ot Toll than what is hereby authorized to be taken, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling*

No Composition or exemption from Tolls on account of Overweight. un-leis n Broad-ahee.ed Carnages.

Toll- keepers to be competent Wit-ncffes.

Double Toll may be exacted front Carts, &c. on which the Owner’s Name is not marked.

Toll-gatherers regulated.

128

Providing Kepofitorics for Materials,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to the Contractor, for repairing the said Roads, or any other Person whatever, to lay any Stones, broken or unbroken, Gravel, or any other Obstruction whatever, upon the Sides of the said Roads; but the Trustees and their Overseers, or Persons contracting with them, are hereby required to provide proper Places as Repositories for the Materials for the High Roads, Damages being always paid for the Ground occupied by such Repositories; and if the said Contractor, or other Person or Persons, shall, nevertheless, lay any such Stones, or other Things upon the Sides of the Roads, the Person so offending, shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling.

Penalty on

XVI. And be it also enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person Persons leav- or persons to put, or allow to remain, unnecessarily, any Carts or ing Carts and Carriages, in Time coming, whether loaded or unloaded, upon any Part the High*10 of the" said High Roads, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Roads. Shillings Sterling, for each Offence, to be recovered from the actual Offender, One Half being payable to the Informer, and the other Half ro the Prosecutor.

Ditches and Drains to be in future cleaned at the Joint-Expence of the Trustees and the Proprietor and Occupier.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in future all Ditches or Drains which have been already made, or which hereafter shall be made, along the Sides of any of the Roads specified in this Act or the said recited Acts, shall be Icoured, cleaned, and kept in Repair, at the joint Expence of the said Trustees and the Proprietor or Occupier of the Lands through which any such Ditches or Drains are or shall te made-, and it shall be lawful to and in the Po er of the said Trustees to call upon the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land, or either of them, for the Time being, to perform the whole Work necessary for keeping the said Ditches and Drains clean, and in good Order, upon Payment making, or lawful Tender, to them of the One-half of the Expence thereof, to be ascertained when the Work is finished j and in case the Proprietor or Occupier for the Time shall neglect or refuse to clean and repair the said Ditches or Drains after Ten Days Intimation to that Effect, the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause the said Ditches or Drains to be cleaned and put in Repair, at the joint Expence of the Proprietor and Occupier, or either of them, and the Trustees as aforesaid, and the said Proprietor or Occupier, or either of them, shall be liable to the said Trustees for the One-half of the Expence disbursed by them in cleaning and scouring the said Ditches and Drains, to be recovered in Manner before directed by this and the before recited Acts, for levying the Tolls thereby granted.

Houses to be built within Six Feet from the Side of the Road.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That, in conformity with the before recited Acts, in case any Houses shall, after the passing of this Act, be built near any of the said Roads, or in any Villages, or in case any Houses, or other Buildings of any Kind, shall be erected at or near the Outlets of any Town within the said County, no such House or other Building shall be built within Six Feet from the Side of the said Roads, free of Ditches and Side-Drains, under the Penalty of Five Pounds Sterling for every Offence, and the Expence of demolishing such House or Edifice; and it shall be lawful for any One or more of the said Trustees to flop the Building or Erection of every such House or Building as he or they shall apprehend to be within the said Distance from the

Side

129

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

Side of the said Roads, by an Order in Writing under his or cheir Hand or Hands.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, NoHrrfes, from and after the pading this Act pasture or leave, or allow to be &c- IO pastured or left, on the aforesaid Roads, or any of them, any Horses, ytles of Uie Sheep, Cows, or other Bfffial, it shall and may be lawful for any one or Roads, more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, upon Application, made

to him by any Heritor or Occupier, in the said County, or by any Person or Persons having Authority from the said Trustees, to issue his or their Warrant for apprehending the Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and to bring him before him or them for Examination, and upon stich Offender or Offenders being convicted of such Offence, bj the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or the Oath or Confession of the Party offending, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to fine such Offender or Offenders severally in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, for each and every Offence, to be levied and recovered in case of Non payment, and to be applied in Manner directed in this and the before recited Acts for recovering Payment of the said Tolls.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Lines of Road herein before Lines of described, and by this Act appointed to be made and repaired, shall be Road autho-surveyed, and the particular Lines of Direction in which they are to

run ascertained and fixed, within Three Years after passing of this made°tohe Ad; and the said Lines of Road, or such of them as shall not be fur- surveyed veyed, ascertained, and fixed, vsithin that Period, shall be held and withmTfcree deemed to have been departed from, and shall not thereafter be made 'ear,> or repaired, or any Expence be incurred thereon, under the Authority of this Act.

XXI. And, for the further preventing Annoyances in or upon the said Head-Roads, be it enacted, That from and after the passing this Act every Rid£'!* Person in ploughing any Field contiguous to any of the said Roads, shall always make Head-Ridges along the Sides of the said Roads of the Breadth of Eight Feet at lead; and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any

of the said Roads shall be made to open inwards to the Field: And no Person or Persons whatever shall lay any dead Horse, or other Carrion, upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of Gates, any of the filid Roads, (except in case of Accident,) when the same shall be removed as (bon as the Owners or Persons having the Charge thereof reasonably can, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXII. And be it enacted, That whatever Money shall be paid by Agree- Money payment, or by Award as aforesaid, for Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other able to Per-Subjects, so taken or used by the said Trustees, which were held under En- sons und*r tail, or subject to Liferent Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or belong- p1"' ing to any Corporation, Married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, or how to'Ue other Person under legal Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in case disposed of the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, shall be under the Authority and Direction of the Court of Session, and shall, without De- If 2°o1* and lay, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or such uPwards. other Bank as the Court shall direct, upon the highest Interestthat can be

[ler. & Per.] K k goc

130

If left than Two Hundred Pounds, and above Twenty Pounds.

Ifless than Twenty Founts.

in ease of not making out Titles, he.

Pu'chas* Monty to be

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation, and by the Authority of the said Court, in the Purchase of the Land-Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt cr Incumbrance affecting the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or affecting other Lands, Houses, or Subjects belonging to the fame Petlons, and settled to the tame or the like Uses, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when such Money cannot be applied to these or the like Purposes, then the same shall be laid out in the Purchase, or on the Security of other Labels, Houses, and Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof shall be deviled to the same Person or Persons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Series of Heirs, for the same Uses and Purposes, and under the fame Provisions, Conditions, and Limitations, as the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects, taken and ul’ed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or this Act, were deviled and settled, or such of them as shall be then existing, and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean time, until such Purchase or Security can be effected, the Interest of such Money shall be paid, by Authority of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who, for the Time, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Subjects so taken and uled by the Trustees.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if such Money be less than Two hundred Pounds, but shall exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then, at the Option of the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Subjects conveyed to or taken by the Trustees, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or this Act, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, in Cafes of Minority, Lunacy, or Trust, to be paid into One or other of the said Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before directed; or otherwil'e the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more Trustees under this Acr, in order that such Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner before directed, so far as the Circumstances or the Cale shall make it practicable.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where such Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects so taken and conveyed for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Trustees, or any Two or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Trust, to his or their Trustees, or in case of Minority or Lunacy, to his, her, pr their Tutors or Curators, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subject l

l

47° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

iects, be not known or discovered; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees, or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, determined by Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherways, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who flaall receive such Sum or Sums ot Money, is, and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or of any Efface, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session j and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Distbilicy or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or this Act, the Purchase-Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act, or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchas'es, from time to time, to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall, from time to time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

131

paid into the Bank.

Subjefl to the Order of the Coart of Session.

Where any

Question shall arise touching the Right to such Money,

The Court may order reasonable Expence. of Purchasers to be paid by Trustees.

I.T*

Appea;.

Compelling Payment of Subscripcion Money.

Expence of the Act.

Commencement and Continuance of the AS.

Public Act.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

XXVMl. And be it enacted, That if any PeTon of Persons shall think him,her, or themselves aggrievc-d by any of the Proceedings in the Execution of the said former Arts, or this Art, for which no particular Relief is thereby, or hereby provided, such Person or Persons may, within Six Months after the Matter complained of shall be done, (but not afterwards,) appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, for the said County of Fife, the Person or Perf ms appealing first giving Fifteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal to the Clerk of the said Trustees, and also to the Clerk of the said Justices, and lodging with him at the Time of the said Appeal, a Recognizance to prosecute the fame, and also giving legal Notice thereof to the Defender or Defenders •, and the said Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorised and required to lake Cognizance of such Complaints and Appeals, and to make such Determination thereon as they shall think proper; and such Determination shall be'‘final, and the Proceedings of the Trustees and the Justices On Appeal Avail not be subject to Suspension or Advocation, or be Challengeable by 'Proeefs of Reduction.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who "has or hafc<f fiibfcihbed towards making and repairing the Roads hereby intended to'be made and repaired, or any of them, shall neglect or reful’e to pay his, her, or their Subscription Money at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of ithem, ’to sue for and recover the fame in any Court competent in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, declaring that the Subscription ■Money actually paid shall be a preferable Lien and Burthen upon the Tolls collected upon tire Road, for the Use whereof the Money was subscribed in favour of the Person or Persons paying, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Assigns, until Payment thereof.

XXX. And be it enacted, that he Expences of procuring and passing this Act shall be paid out of the Money borrowed, or out of the Tolls and Duties levied in the several Districts of the said County of Fife, as the same shall be apportioned by a General Meeting of the Trustees for the said County.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Terms granted by the said Acts shall cease and determine, and that from thenceforth the said recited Acts, (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained,) shall continue in force, and be executed foi and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall be judiciallytaken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others whatsoever, withouc specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

k

n

r.

if.

iid

oh

lot ft; itt HA im. jca i lx

i «ifo

win.

idt#

totx

M

him

ijBOS 39 be SIJO-

ueir

iifing ilsul a we fort*

I® of’

tM

:rano® ind bt id 6*

PH*

Btbeft

jlA

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 12.

An Act for further regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said1 County.

[9fh April 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of " Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways " within the said County," Power and Authority were granted to the Trustees therein named and appointed to convert the Services, leviable by Law, at a Sum therein mentioned for each Plough-gate of Land to be levied and applied for making and repairing the Roads in the said County, in the Manner specified in the said Act: And whereas the Laws for making and repairing the Highways and Bridges generally in Scotland, and the said in part recited Act for making and repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Fife, have been found by Experience to be ineffectual, in their present Shape, for the Purposes for which they were intended, and it would be expedient and advantageous to all Persons concerned, if further and more effectual Regulations were adopted with respect to the converting the Statute Labour exigible by Law, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the said County; but such Purposes cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament: May [Lcf. fcf Per.] LI it

Geo. 3,-

S»-

*3+

Division into Districts.

Trustees.

First and Annual General Meetings for the Districts,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, rnd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the more easy and effectual Execution of the Powers herein-after to be granted, the Division of the said County of Fife into the Districts of Cupar, St. Andrew's, Kirkcaldy, and Dunfermline, as in the said former Act, shall remain and be continued.

4, •- i V- :* * f

v. ‘

II. And be it enacted, That every Person, who !s"at present, or hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, posscfTed of Lands in the said County of Fife, entitling him to be a Commiflfioner of Supply for the fame, and the eideft Sons, or apparent Heirs, of every such Person so qualified, and the Pro-voft, or Chief Magistrate, of every Royal Burgh, within the said County, for the Time being, shall be Trustees for making, repairing, upholding, and keeping in Repair, the Great and Cross Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said County of Fife, and for executing all the other Powers by this Act to them given and granted; and the said Trustees shall have Power to act within any of the said respective Districts, although they may not have Property, or do not reside within the same j but declaring, that only one Person shall act and vote as a Trustee, in respect of the fame Lands, the Person in actual Possession, or having the dominium utile, being preferable: and if any Person or Persons, not qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be applied, when received, in such Manner, for the Use of the said Roads within th,e County of Fife, as shall be judged best by the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, and to be recoverable in the same Manner as other Penalties are directed by this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for the said respective Districts shall meet at the Towns of Cupar, St. Andrew's, Kirkcaldy, and Dunfermline respectively, upon the respective Days herein-after specified, in the Year, One thousand eight hundred and seven, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and on the said Days annually, in Time coming, that is to say, the Trustees for the District of St. Andrew's, on the First Tuesday of April-, the Trustees for the District of Cupar, on the IVcdnesday after the First 'Tuesday of April * the Trustees for the District of Kirkcaldy, on the Thursday after the First Tuesday of April-, and the Trustees for the District of Dunfermline, on the Friday atter the First Tuesday of April-, any Five of them being a Quorum; and shall, at such Meetings, proceed to the Execution of this Act, and may then, and afterwards, from Time to Time, adjourn themselves, to meet at such Times and Places, on or near the said Roads, as the said Trustees at the last Meeting shall think proper, without prejudice to their meeting sooner, if there shall be Occasion, upon Notice by the Clerk of the last Meeting, advertised Once at least in any Two of the Edinburgh Newspapers, published for the Time, Ten Days at least previous to the Meeting.

47’ GEORGII III. GapVit.^...

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees for the County (h.-tll Firstand hold their First General Meeting within the County-room at Cupar, on the

F\r([ Tuesday of May, One thousand eight hundred and seven, and on the ing^ for thJ First Tuesday of May Yearly and every Year thereafter, for the Purpose of Count/, proceeding to the Execution of this Act, anyseven of them beingaQuorumi and may then, and afterwards, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, to meet again at such Time as the last Meeting shall think proper, without prejudice to their meeting sooner, if there shall be Occasion, upon Notice by the Clerk of the last Meeting, advertised once at Trustees to lead in two Edinburgh Newspapers, Ten Days previous to the intended d*fray their Meeting •, and the said Trustees, at all the Meetings to be held in virtue pjnnce*’ of this Act, shall defray their own Charges and Expences of every Kind.

V. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for their respective Districts, Lift of shall, at their said First Meeting, or any_ after regular Meeting of the ^5u‘obe District, to be held previous to the General Meeting of the Trustees ma e up’ for the County, on the First Tuesday of May, make up a List of the Great and Cross Roads within each Parish of the District, to which the Funds ought, in the First Place, to be applied, with an Estimate of the Expence of making the same, and the Proportion of not to be the Funds to be applied thereto, and report their Proceedings to the said a tere ’ General Meetings of the Trustees for the County j and the Lines of Road being once fixed, the same shall not be altered, or any New Road inserted in the Lift, until the Roads, so fixed at the said General Meeting,

shall by the General Meeting of the District where the said Roads lie, be declared completely made and finished, unless, upon Application to an Annual Meeting of the District in the Month ot April, Notice being unless upon given in four Edinburgh Newspapers, One Month previous to such Application. Meeting, of the Intention of the Party concerned to apply to have the Road inserted in the Lift j and the said District Meeting shall have the Power of approving or rejecting the said Application, subject to the Review of the Annual General Meetings of the County, as hereinafter mentioned; and, in case any Person interested shall consider himself aggrieved by the Resolutions of the District, and means to apply to the General Meet.ng for an Alteration thereof, he shall intimate his Intention to the Clerk to the District, at least Fourteen Days previous to the General Meeting of the County.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any justices may Two or more Justices of the Peace, in and for the said County of Fife, (hut up upon an Application from the said Trustees, at their Annual General Meet- Roads*

ins in May, assembled, to suppress any Public or Bye Roads, (Private Roads excepted,) that appear not to be of Importance te the Public: providing always that Notice of the Proposal to (hut up such Roads, be given by Advertis'ements affixed to the Doors of the Three nearest Parish Churches to the said Roads lb to be supprested, for Two conl'ecutive Sundays, One Month at least before the Matter of the said Application shall be taken into the consideration of the said Justices, before whom all Parties alledging Interest, shall be heard.

VII. And be it enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, a Extent ofa Plough-gate of Land within the County of Fife, in respect to the Statute Eioughgate. Labour, shall be held and deemed to be Fifty Acres of Land,

whether

136

bns

Mode of Conversion of the Sta-rute Labour for a Plough' gate.

’'u satin

Statute Labour in certain Cafes to be levied at a higher Rate*

Proprietors paying Statute Labour to have Recourse on the Occupiers.

Conversion of Statute Labour for Chaiies and Carts.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

whether Plantations, Arable, or Pasture Land, or (in the Option of the Proprietor,) Lands paying Seventy Pounds Sterling of actual Gross Kent, by the Occupier, or valued at that Sum when in the Occupation of the Proprietor, as hereinafter directed, and lo in Proportion for Idler Divisions or Parts of a Plough-gate of Land.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees for the respective Districts of the said County, or a Quorum of them, at any Meeting to be held in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seveny and at any after General Meeting of the District to be held in the said Year, or at any other Annual General Meeting of the Trustees for the said respective Dittrifts, assembled at any Time thereafter, shall> and they are hereby authorised to convert the Services leviable by L^w for each Ploagh-gate of Land, according as the Extent is fixed and ascertained by the before in part recited Act, into Money, according to the ordinary Price or Rate of Labour in that Part of the County where the Services are payable j and so in proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity or Produce of a Plough-gate, to be paid in the First Place by the Heritors or Life-Renters of the Ground.

IX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Truf-i tees, if they shall think fit, at their Annual General District Meeting, assembled upon an Application from an Heritor or Heritors possessed of Two-third Parts of the Property or Dominium Utile of any particular Parish, or any Person or Persons duly authorized by them, to convert the Statute Labour leviable on the Plough-gates of such Parish, at a Rate higher than the Rate fixed, or to be fixed, generally for the District; Provided always, That such Rate shall in no Cafe exceed the actual Price or Rate of Labour •, and that all such Sums, so raised, shall be subject to the same Rules and Regulations, with respect to the Collection, Application, and Management, that are or shall be provided by this Act, or by the Trustees acting under the same.

X. And, in respect all Lessees, Tenants, and Occupiers of Land, are by Lav/ liable in Performance of the Stature Labour, or Paymenc of the converted Value thereof, Be it enacted, That the Heritor or Life-Renter, liable for and paying the converted Value of the Statute Labour as aforesaid, shall have Recourse for the Amount thereof, upon the Tenants and Occupiers of the Ground, in proportion to the Extent or Rent of the Property possessed by them respectively, whether the fame be held immediately of the Proprietor, or by Sublet, to be ascertained, either by the Extent of Property, or Quantum of Rene, as may have been proportioned on the Heritor ot Life-Renter •, and the Proprietor shall be entitled to the fame Diligence for Recovery thereof, as is authorized for levying the Deficiencies of the converted Values of Statute Labour, at the Instance of the Collector of the Cess, in Manner hereinafter spe-eified.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for the respective Districts, or a Quorum of them, at their first or any adjourned Meeting, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and (even, or any Annual General Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorized to convert, and shall actually convert, the Statute Labour exigible from the Owners

of

4-7° GEORGII III. Cap. 12. 137

of all Chaises with Four Wheels, drawn by Two or more Horses, let for Hire, at any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shilli'gs Sterl ng; and born the Owners of al Chaises with Two Wheel', drawn by One H >rlV, let fir Hire, at any Sum not exceeding Ten Shi! ings St. rling; and the O vners of all Carts or oftier Carriage', drawn by Two or more H rfes, or tlier 13< alls of Draught, let for Hire, to be ulrd in conveying l'ersons or Things, ac a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling each; and the Satute Labour t>r all Carts, or other Carnage', letter Hire as afurcsaid, drawn by One Horle, or other Beast ot Diaught, at a Sum nit exceeding Five Shillings Sterling each.

XII. And be it enacted, That in place of the personal Services which Onvetfion Householders and ethers are obliged at present by Law to perform in °V 'ceT>{ making and repairing the High Uoads and Bridges in the said County, jj0u(c- ° s Conversion shall be paid in Money, to be applied for that Purpose; holder*, and it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and directed, by a Writing under their Hands, to a fiefs all Householders, Cottagers, Labourers, and Trades-neri, of every Denomination, whether Makers or Journeymen, living Together or separately in One House, (not bring allclfed in a Conversion of Stature Labour otheruilc,) in a Conver-lion of such a Number of Days Labour, not exceeding Six as they Hull consider proportioned to the Cucumstances of e.-.ch Individual. Declaring always, That all Farm-servants bona pile, hired by the Year for a specifick Annuil Wages shall be, and are hereby exempted from performing Statute-lcrvices, on Payment of the converted Value thereof altogether.

XIII. And be it enacted, Thar it shall be lawful to and for the said power to Trustees, or any Three or more of them, by a Writing under their Hands, exe?m Iar.i-ro exeem and Ireefrom Payment of the before-mentioned Compofiiion of gent Persons. Personal Statute Labour altogether, all Inch Persons as shall appear 10

them to be proper Objcfls to be exempted from Payment thereof.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Rate of Converfnm of Days’ La- Amount of bour shall be fixed by the Trustees for the respective Distr.&s, at their

I-irft Meeting to be held in pursuance hereof, or any Adjournment thereof, Serviies for the Year Cne thousand eight hundred and seven, and at their how 10 be Annual General Meeting in the Month of dpril in each Year, at any ®xeJ-Sum noc exceeding the ordinary Price of Labour of that Parc of che Court; y, where the Labour is to be performed.

XV. And be it enacted, That, in ordef to render the making up the H ritors to Lift of the said Plough-gates more ealy and exp ditious, each.Heritor of ni>e in Liiti ihe County shall, within Two Months after the First Mcetirg to be held ol ,heir

in pursuance of this Act, arid on or before the First of January annu- 1 ^"ghgates. ally thereafter, deliver in to the Clerk of the Diitrifl, a Writing or Account, Ipccifying his or her Option of the Mode of having their Plough- Proprietors gates rated for the ensuing Year, and of the Number or Plough-gates 'on't'‘’a and proportional Parts of a Plough,gate they arc rtlpedively liable in, OptYon'of agrceub.e to that Option: Declaring always, that all Proprietors of Con vet lien.

Lam' thall have it in their Powcc to make a separate Opuon of the Mode of Conversion for each particular F’arm separately occupied or

\hoe. & Per.] M m pof-

i3» 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

pcfiefTed by them, or their Tenant?, and such Option shall in every Cafe be rr,3de in the Manner most beneficial to the Occupier or Tenant; and that Heritor-; occupying their own Lands shall be liable in the Conversion of Statute Labour, in the same Manner as Tenants; and that the yearly Value of all Grounds and other Subjects in the natural Possession of such Heritors as take the Option of paving determined by the Annual Value, shall be ascertained determined by two neutral Men, one ro be named by the Proprietor, and another on the Part of the Trustees, who shall on Oath report what in their Opinion the Ground or other Subjects so occupied by the Heritor would rent at fora nineteen Years’ Lease; and the Rent thus fixed shall be held as the annual Value of the Ground or other Subjects so occupied by the Heritor: Provided, thar in case any Heritor or Heritors , shall refuse or r.eglcdt to give in the before-mentioned Account within the Time before specified, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at any after general Meetings of the District, to rate the said Heritors as liable in Statute Labour, in the Proportion of a Plough-gate of Land for each Seventy Pounds of real Rent, as the fame may be reported by the Surveyors, in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

Power tocite

XVI. And be it enacted, That, in case the said Trustees, or a Quorum Occupiers of of them, shall find it necessary, they are hereby authorised to call or cite Lana. a]] Occupiers of Land beta'e them, or to appoint a Committee of their Number, for the Purpose of taking a Proof of the Rent o( any Farm or Possession, and to examine the Tenants and Occupiers on Oath, as to the Rents payable by them respectively.

At what

Time the - co verted Valies are payable. Power to name Surveyors.

who are to give up Lifts of thcle liable in Statute Labour.

Power of Appeal.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the whole of the converted Values, shall be due and payable on the Twenty Fifth of March in each Year, except in the Cafe hereinafter specified.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for the respective Dif-tridls, or a Quorum of them, at their First Meeting to be held in virtue hereof, or any Adjournment within the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, and at their Annual General Meetings thereafter, are hereby empowered to name Surveyors or other proper Officers, and which Surveyor or other Officer, appointed for the Ptirpole, shall, on or before the Fifth Day of January, One thousand eight hundred, and eight, and on or before the Fifth Day of January, annually thereafter, make up and report, on Oath, an exact Lift of all Plough-gates of Land, and lefier Divisions thereof, belonging to the several Heritors of the District respectively, to be ascertained in Manner aforesaid; and of all Persons keeping Cliaifes, Carts, or other Carriages, liable in a Conversion of Statute Labour as aforesaid; and of all House-holders and others liable in a Conversion for personal Services; and the said Surveyor or other Officer shall immediately, after having ascertained the Conversion due by virtue of this Act, deliver to the f.ud Person, or his known Factor or Agent, a Note, dated and subsenbed, specifying the Conversion in which they are rel'pedlively liable; and the Persons lo assessed, in case they shall think themselves aggrieved thereby, shall have Power, within Ten Days after receiving-the said Note of their Conversion, to appeal for Redress to the next General Meeting of the District, whole Determination shall fi tally ascert3in the Conversion in which the Person lo appealing is liable lor the current

*39

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

rent Year; and the said Surveyor shall, within Ten Days after the said Fifth of January, One thousand, eight hundred and eight, and within Ten Days after the Fifth of January, annually thereafter, give in ro the Clerk of tue Difbidt wherein he is Surveyor, a full and surVryor« disttnft Copy of the AfiTcffinenr made by him for the Year; and the 'o deliver Clerks for the said resp'-Chvr Distrifls shall lay the fame bef re a Com- T fts to the mirtee to be appointed for that special Purpose by a preceding General DdHa. M< ettng, and which Committee shall meet on the First Tuesday, of and these to February, annually; and the Clerks for the said respetffive Ditfri&s the General shall, within the Space of Ten Days after the Meeting of the said Com- '-ierhs. with mittre, transmit Copies of the said Assessrnent to the general Clerk for * ter‘ the County-, and, in case any Alteration shall be made upon the Assessments, by Appeal or otherwise, the Clerks to the Dillrifls within which the said Alterations take place, shall immediately give Notice thereof to the general Clerk to the County.

XIX. And be it enacted, That a certified Copy of the said Reporr, so Colfcflorof far as rrfpeCls the Comcrfions payable for Plough-gates, shall, within Ten 'he Ccfs to Days after Receipt thereof, be delivered by the general Clerk of the County to the Coil.-clo1- of the Eels for the said County for the Tine; for Vlough" and the said CollrClor shall be, and he is hereby authorised ro levy the gates, and converted Value of the said Statute-Labour exigible on the Plough-gates; givelnti-and shall, at the Time of intimating his Collection of the Eels, give r

Notice of the Time ana Place of collecting the said Conversion, within Culledtion. the respective Districts annually; and the Whole of the said converted Values shall be payable to the Collector, on or before the said Twenty-fifth of March, in each Year; and, in cale any Heritor, liable in the la d converged Values, shall neglect, d lav, or refuse to pay the Conversion or the Statute-Labour respectively due by him after the fame becomes due, the Collector shall, within Fourteen Days thereafter, make up a certified Lilt of Deficients, specifying the Sums respectively due by them; and it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Juiiices of the Peace, or the ShernT-Depute, or his Substitutes, for the said County, and they are hereby required to grant summary Warrant for poinding and distraining the Fftects of such j^1 u*fedfor° Deficients, and to appraisc the lame on the Spot where they may be Recovery found, and afterwards 10 sell the same by Auction, for Payment of the of Arrears. Conversion-Money that final I be due, together with the Charges attending the Recovery thereof; and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid, wiion demanded, to the Person whole lifTeCls shall have been so poinded; which Warrants are to be to granted by the Shenff-Dcpute, or Substitute, or Juiiices aforesaid upon an Application made to them, or any of them, and an Attestation, subscribed by the ColhClors, certifying that the Person or Persons complained of are deficient in paying the said Assefirnents, or Conversion above meptio..ed, and expressing therein die Arrear of each Person; and it shall be com* SarreDili-peient to Proprietors to apply for the like tummary Diligence tpf gencecoin-tecovering die Convcrfions paid by them from the Tenants and OccuT ^jfonce'o r £ picis of the Ground, who may relufe or neglect to p^y the:Gme,to thy Proprietors Landlord, within Ten Days alter they shall be required to do so. ’ against Oc-

uj , O cuP,ers-

XX. And be it enacted, That all Personsi liable in Pavrtteqt of Conp Conv<rrflon versions, (not leviable conformably to the Plough-gate,) upon the for PersonaJ

Rates Services

140

when payable.

Diligence for Recovery thereof.

Cotleftorj. &c. liable is Damages.

Assessment of 31. 4/ Scots

on the tool. Scots of Valued Kent:

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Rates being duly intimated to them in Manner before specified, annually pay the same to the Co.lIcCfor, Overseer, or other Person appoin'rd by the Trullees for that Purpose, on or before the said Twenty-fifth of March, of the Year for which the Conversion is due; bur, in case any Person or Persons shall be omined to be aff ffed in the converted Values, previous to the said Twenty-fifth of Alarch, then they shall he obliged to pay the Conversion to the said Collector or Overlcer, within fourteen Days after the fame is intimated to them; and if any Person shall nrgieCl or refuTe to pay the said Cnmpoficion, after the Expiry of the Time before specified, it shall then be lawful for the Shenff-Deputc, or his Substitme, or for any One or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby required to grant summary Warrant for recovering thereof, with the Expences, in Manner before expteffed, with respect to the Recovery of Arrears of the Conversions due for Plough-g3tes.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in case of a Warrant being improperly obtained against any Person for Payment of the converted Values due by them, the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said Cou.l'ty, shall have Power to award any Sum, not exceeding Treble the Amount, as Damages ftiftained by any Person or Persons aggrieved by the Execution of a Warrant granted as above mentioned; which Damages are to be ■paid by the 0>l)eCfor, Surveyor, or other Officer, upon whole Arttf-tation such Warrant shall have been granted, in caie it shall appear to the said Sheriff Depute, or his Su stitute, or the said justices of the Peace, that the said Colleger, or other Officer, has mace an improper Application against any Person liable as aforesaid); which Damages shall be wholly payable to the Parties aggrieved, and shall be levied as above directed, with respect to poinding the Effects of Deficients; and in case any of the Collectors fin a 11 fail or on.it to exact the aforesaid Assessfnent or Conversion, every such Collector shall be liable by a Sentence of the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, to pay the Afteti-ment or Conversion Money, omitted to be exacted by him, with One half more, in Name of Expences.

XXII. And whereas, it has been found by Experience from the great

Number of Roads and Bridges, and the daily Increase of Carriages within the said County of Fife, that the Sum of Twenty Shillings Scots Money upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorized to be levied by former Acts of Parliament, is tniulficient lor keeping the said Roads and Bridgts in repair: Be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at their General Meeting at Cupar, on the First Tuesday of May, One thousand eight hundred and leven; and at every Annual Meeting on the First ‘luefday of May, thereafter, to afleis the whole Heritors of the County, in a Sum not exceeding Three Shillings, and Four-pence, Sterling, upon every One hun ired Pounds Scots of valued Rent;- and in calc the said General Meeting shall not assess the whole County to the Extent of the said Sum of Three Shillings, and Fourpence, Sterling, then it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of all or any of the Districts, at a General Meeting, to assess the said <■ a. Diitrick

141

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

District or Districts, to what further Sum they shall judge necessary, the said Assessments not exceeding the Sum of Three Shillings and Fourpence Sterling, in the whole, upon every One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and which additional Assessment shall be certified to the Collector of Supply, in Writing, under the Hands of the Prefes and Clerk of the said Meeting, and which ref-pctlive Sums shall be levied by the said Collector, along with the Cel's or Land-tax of the said County * and shall be applied towards the building, making, repairing, and upholding, the Highways and Bridges within the Districts where levied: and the said Collector shall keep an exact and separate Account of the Sums levied out of each of the said Districts, which shall only be applicable to the Bridges and Roads with n the said several Districts within which the fame (hdl be levied, and shall be drawn out only by Orders of the General Meetings of the said Districts or Committees appointed by them; and it shall not be lawful to apply any Part of the Sums, raised in One District, towards the Reparation of Roads and Bridges in another District, except in the Calc hereinafter mentioned.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in caie me rebuilding or repairing of any One Bridge, within the said Coumy, shall exceed the Sum of Eighty Pounds Sterling, the Dntrict within which the said Bridge is situate<d shall only be subject and liable to pay One Half of the said Sum, and the other Three Ddtrids shall be subject and haole to pay the O'her Half thereof, and that in proportion to the valued Rents of the said several Diiti d; and the rebuilding or repairing, of the said Bridge, shall be done, made, and executed, by the Direction only of a General Meeting of the Fruitees for the whole County; and the Sum appointed to be applied 1 or that Purpose shall be drawn, in virtue of an Order, in Writing, of the said General Meeting, certified by their Clerk: Declaring always, mat no Money shall be granted for any Bridge, the Ex-pe cc of which may exceed F.ighty Pounds Sterling, until an Applied ion shall be made to the First, or some other General Meeting of the District: wherein the fame is situated, who shall thereupon appoint a Committee to cause the said Bridge to be inspected; and in cale it is found necessary, to be repaired, the said Committee shall advertise in at lealt Three of the Newspapers published at Edinburgh, for Contractors for repairing the fame, and report the Estimates, and their Opinion, to the First Annual General Meeting of the District, who Ih.tli, if they judge it expedient, recommend to the Annual General Meeting of the iruitees for the County, to grant the Aid from the other Districts, hereby authorized and appointed to be given: Declaring also, that if the Trustees for the respective Districts shall, by a Kefolution of the First General Meeting to be held in virtue hereof, or at any Annual General Meeting thereafter, find and declare, that the additional O e Shilling and Eightpence on the One hundred Pounds Scots authorized by this Act to be laid on, is not necessary for making and repairing ihe Roads and Bridges within their District, the Fnft General Meeting of the Trustees for the County to be held in pursuance nereof, or any Annual General Meeting thereafter, shall, upon the said Kefolution being reported to them, aftcls the Hericors of the District: from which such Kefolution is reported, in the buiii of One Shilling and Eightpence Sterling only on each One

[Lcr. (st Per.] N n hundred

How ap.

plied.

Aid to Bridges the Exper.ce of which exceeds

Dilirifts may resolvr not to lay on ihe additional

on the tool. Scots,

142

Additional is. 8d. not to be applied out of the Dif-trifl where levied.

Power to apply Part of Statute Labour Money to Bridges where the Expence of repairing or rebuilding exceeds

Money for repairing Bridges only to be applied in Cafes where the Expence exceeds

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent within the said District, to be levied and applied in Manner before mentioned: Declaring likewil’e, that the additional One Shilling, and Eightpence Sterling on each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorised by this Act to be laid on and levied, shall be wholly applicable to the Roads and Bridges within the District where the i me i- levied, and no Part thereof* liable to be laid out or applied towards the making or repairing any Roads or Bridges within other Districts, riocwithstanding the fame may exceed the Sum of Eighty Pounds Seeding.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or a Qiiorum of them, at the First General Meeting of the Trustees for che County, a\-sembled, or at any Annual General Meeting in May, at which they shall be afisembled under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to appropriate and let apart, from the General Funds of the County, anting from the Conversion of Statute Labour from the Plough-gates of Lands leviable within the same, a Sum not exceeding Two Sillings and Sixpence Sterling, on each Plough-gate of Land within the County, to be paid from the Plough-gates of the respective Districts of the County, according to the Number of Plough-gates within the said respective Diffritfts, out of the Produce of the Plough-gates leviable therein, to be applied in building or repairing such Bridges within the County, as the said General Meeting shall deem expedient to be built or repaired, and the Expence of which re-fceftively shall exceed ihe Sum of Three hundred Pounds Sterling; and which Sum so to be let apart for the Purpose aforesaid, the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to cause to be retained in the Hands of the Collector of the Conversion of the Statute Labour of the said County, out of the Monies levied by him from the converted Values of the Services payable for the Plough-gate of Land, until the same shall be disposed of by the '] rustees at a General Meeting for the Purposes for which it is intended: Declaring always, that it shall not be in the Power of the Lid Trustees to appropriate or set apart any further or additional Sum out of the Produce of the said Statute Labour, for building and repairing the said Bridges, until the Sum formerly let apart for that Purpose, and remaining in the Hands of the Collector, or at least Three hundred Pounds thereof, shall have been applied, or ordeted to be applied, for the Purposes for which ic was appropriated.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Sum so robe appropriated and set apart out of the Produce of the Statute Labour arising from the Plough-gate within the District shall only be applied for the budding or repairing of such Bridges within the said County, of which the Expence shall exceed the Sum of Three hundred Pounds Sterling; ihe building or repairing of which Bridges shall be made and executed by the Direction of the said General Meeting of the County only, and the Sum appointed to be applied for that Purpose shall be drawn only by virtue of an Order in Writing of any of the said General Meetings, certified by their Clerk.

Celleflor

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Collector of the Cess for the f.iid to lodge the County shall, on the First of May next, and on the said Day annually

there-

47* GEO R GII III. Cap. 12.

thereafter, lodge with the Agents for the Bank of Scotland, within the respective Districts, the Proportions of the Conversions of the Statute L.bour, and all other Money cHlefted in virtue of this Act, due to the said respective Districts, which may then have been levied by him, and obtain a Receipt from the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland therefor; which Receipt, along with a List of the Persons then in Arrear, shall be lodged with the Clerks of the respective Districts; and the said Culleftor shall be allowed for his Trouble in levying, recovering, and paying over the Conversions and other Monies authorised by this Act to be levied, the Sum of One Pound per Centum, and no more for the Money so levied and paid over by him.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the whole Produce of the Conversions of Statute Labour to be levied under the Authority of this Act, and all Sums of Money which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, shall be laid out and expended upon the Roads within the Parishes respectively from which such Conversion shall be levied, or on which the interest of such Monies to be borrowed shall be charged, and no otherwise, unless an Heritor or Heritors possessed of Two-thirds of the Property or dominium utile of the Parish, ascertained by their Plough-gates, shall agree to lay out the Whole, or any Part of the lame, on Roads adjoining to or connected with the Parish, which they are hereby authorised to do, although not situated therein; excepting always the Fund to be levied within the Territories of a Royal Burgh, which it shall be in the P >wer of the said Trustees, at their first Meeting, as directed by this Act, and at their Annual General District Meetings respectively, in the Month of April, to allocate upon the different Roads leading thereto, to the Extent of Two Miles therefrom, whether the Roads to which the same are applied are within the Parish where the Conversion is exigible or not: Declaring always, that when it may be necessary to build or repair a Bridge across a Rivulet, hollow Ground, or other Space which is the Boundary betwixt Two Parishes, the Expence of the Bridge lo to be built shall be defrayed by the Two Parishes, betwixt which it forms the Junction, and that in proportion to the Number of Plough-gates within the said respective Parishes.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in order that the Roads may be more speedily and effectually pu: in Repair, and the Publicderive immediate Advantage therefrom, the Trustees of the respective Districts, or any Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, to be held after the Annual General Meeting of the Trustees for the County, shall have Power to borrow Money on the Security of the Funds leviable by virtue of this Act, to be applied in making and repairing the greac and cross Roads within the District, Notice of the Intention of borrowing, and the Extent of the Sums to be borrowed; being always given by Advertdement in any Four Edinburgh Newspapers, published for the Time, at least Ten Days previous to such borrowing: Provided always, that no Sum shall be borrowed, unless it clearly appears that a Sum equal at least to Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, of the capital Sum so proposed to be borrowed, over and above the legal Interest of the Money borrowed the Sum to be appropriated by the Trustees for keeping the Roads in repair, and Expence of Management, can be appropriated and

*43

Funds In the Bank.

Conversion Money how to be Lid out.

Power to

borrow

Money.

14+

Power to reduce Sinking Fund.

Power to assign tfce Funds in Security of Money borrowed.

And Rights of Persons who have lent Money not to be hurt by any after Tranlactions.

Assignatitns for Money borrowed.

Form of Bond or Af-signation.

470 GF.ORGII III. Cap. 12.

set apart as a Sinking Fund, to be applied in diminishing and extinguishing the Debt to be incurred, and the lame shall be carefully and art n-tively so applied-, and if any Trustee, or Set of Trustees, shall borrow Money for making the Hoads, without adopting and following these Regulations, he or they shall be personally liable for the Money so borrowed, and the same shall not be held as a Detu on the Funds of the District; And provided also. That all Monies so borrowed, shall be lodged in the Hands of the Agents for the Bank of Scotland, upon a Receipt from the Treasurer, there to remain till the making and repairing the Roads for which it is borrowed actually commence, and afterwards to be drawn as the Operations require, in Manner hereinafter specified.

XXIX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees, at their Annual General Disttift Meeting assembled, if they shall think fit, upon a special Application from the Heritor or Heritors of any particular Parish, possessed of Two Thirds of the dominium utile, or Property of such Parish, to be ascertained as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons duly authorised to act for them, setting forth the peculiar Circumstances of such Parish, to reduce the Am. tint of the Sinking Fund herein directed to be set apart for the Repayment of Sums to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act, to any Sum they may think rtaionable, not less than Two Pounds per Centum, on the Capital borrowed, or proposed to be borrowed upon the Funds arising out of such Parish, which said reduced Sinking Fund shall be applied in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as are provided for the Application of the Sinking Fund hereinbefore required.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, ora Quorum of them, at any General Meeting for the respective Dilfrifts assembled, are hereby empowered to assign and convey the Funds leviable determined by this rift, in Security of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Produce thereof, to any Person or Persons from whom the said Money shall be borrowed and all Assignments of the said Fund shall be entered by the Clerk in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and which Book may be seen and perused at all reasonable Times without Fee or Reward.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That the Rights and Securities of Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit or the Conversion Money, in any of the Districts prior to the passing of this Act, shall not be hurt or infringed by any after Ttanfactions of the Trustees, and all Contrafts heretofore made by the said Trustees, or any of them, in pursuance of the former Act, shall be performed in the Terms thereof.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Assignation to be granred for the Sums of Money so to be borrowed shall be agreeable to the following Form, or in any other Words to the fame Purport that is to say,

* BY virtue of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign

* of FIis Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of this AR,\ We, the Trustees for putting the said Act into ‘ Execution, assembled at a General Meeting of the District of

* called

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12; 145

called agreeable to the aforesaid Act, in consideration of the Sum of advanced by

A.B. for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads in the said Parish of or the Line of Road from (as the

Case may be,') we do hereby assign to the said A.B. hi-. Executors and Assignees, the Funds appropriated for making and repairing the Roads in the said Parish of or the said Line

of Road (as the Case may be,) to be held by the said A.B. his Executors and Assignees, from this Day of

in the Year of our Lotd

until the aforesaid Sum of

with Interest, at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid. In witness whereof we have subscribed this Assignment. Written by C.D. Clerk to the said Trustees, at the Day of

in the Prelence

of the said C.D. and E. F. of

A

'• t

-A

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Bonds and Assignations to be Bonds to he granted in Security of Money to be borrowed in virtue of the Powers con- transferable tained in th s Act shall be transferable by a simple Indorfation by the Cre^ Indorfa-ditor, on the Back thereof, in the following Words, or Words to the tIon’ fame Purport, without the NccefTity of any other Conveyance j videlicet:

■ .: . . r . ' 1; r-j

* I do hereby transfer this AflTignment, with all my Right and Title Form of

* to the principal Sum and Interest thereby secured, and now due unto Transfer,

* C.D. h:s Executors and Assignees. Witness my Hand, at

‘ the Day of

* in the Year before these '

‘ Witnesses, E. F. andG. H*

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Funds to be levied by virtue of Application this Act, shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the lame of ttle shall be applied and disposed of in Repayment of the Money borrowed, ney evie and in making and repairing, and keeping in rrpair the l.id Roads: Declaring always, that the Funds of each Parish Iliail only he applied in Repayment or the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Sum arising within the Parish, and Interest of the said Sum, and to the Sinking Fund for discharging the Debt thereon, and in making and repairing the Lines of Road within that Parish, and no otherwise. Excepting as hereinbefore excepted.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for the respective Dif- Proportion trifts, shall, at their Fir It Meeting, to be held in pursuance hereof, or of the Funds any Adjournment thereof, in the Year One thousand eight hundred to be allo-and seven, and every Annual General Meeting thereafter, ascertain cated* the Pre portion of the Funds of each Parish within the District, to be allocated for the respective Roads within the same for the ensuing Year; declaring, that when a particular Portion of the said Fund of any Parish has been once allocated for making and repairing any Line of Road within the Parish, and Money has been borrowed upon the Faith of that Allocation, it shall not be in the Power of the Trustees to [£,«. £:? Per.) O 0 alter

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

alter the Allocation, until the Money so borrowed is paid off and discharged.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That none of the Funds or Money shall be allocated, or granted, but on the Application of One or more Trustees, or other respectable Persons, who, by obtaining the Grant, shall be held responsible and strictly accountable for the faithful hxpenditure of the Sum granted; and who, before obtaining any Grant for Money, shall give in a List of the respective Roads meant to be made and repaired by them, and, at the same Time, shall give in an Estimate, specifying the Expence per Rood of the proposed Making or Repairs.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Money shall be applied to the respective Roads for which it was granted, and to no other Road, under the Penalty of repaying the Sum drawn, with legal Interest for the fame from the Day it was paid, and One Half more by way of Fine on the Person applying.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Money, to the Extent of the Sum granted, shall not be paid until the Work is begun; when it may be drawn for at one or more Instalments, by Order of the Person or Persons to whom it was granted,- on the Glcrk to the District, who shall accept and direct it for Payment by the Bank.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That whoever obtains a Grant for and receives Money, shall make up, and lodge with the Clerk to the District, an attested Account, on Oath, with regular Vouchers for the fair Expenditure of the Money, distinguishing the Sum expended on each Road; or if the whole or any Part of the Money granted shall have been paid, and not expended or accounted for as aforesaid, the same shall be repaid immediately after the t-irlt of January thereafter, and One Half more by way of Penalty and legal Interest for both, from the said First of January, until paid.

Where Ac-

XL. And be it enacted, That all Grants, for the Expenditure of which counts are regular Accounts, as aforesaid, shall not be lodged, and the Payment Mone^fob* demanded, on or before the First of January, yearly, shall be held held as not as not la‘d out or expended as the fame was allocated, and, together laid out. with all unappropriated Money, shall remain at the future Disposal of the Trustees of the District, at their Annual General Meeting in jlpril, or afterwards, to be applied on such Roads as they think proper.

Distrifls to

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Proceedings of the District Meetings report their shall be reported to the Fuft General Meeting of the Trustees for the Proceedings County, to be held in consequence of this Act; and at every Annual General Meeting thereafter, there shall be laid before them a Summary of the Proceedings of the Trustees for their respective Districts, previous to the said Meetings of the County, containing a List of the Roads adopted for Repair, an Account of the Money levied, and Money borrowed, (if any,) in virtue of this Act, with the Proportion of these Funds allocated to each Line of Road upon the Lift; and the whole Pro-teedings of the Trustees for the Districts, in case of Complaint, shall,

C except

Persons obtaining Grants to lodge Accounts, at-telied on Oath.

Not to be paid till the Work commences.

I46

Grants of Money how to be obtained.

To be applied to the Road for which granted.

i+7

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

(except in the Event above mentioned, of Money being borrowed,) be subject to the Review and Alteration of the said General Meetings of the County.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at their First Meeting, and every Annual General Meeting for the County, and at the First and Annual General Meetings of their respective Districts, shall have Power to nominate and appoint Cleric5, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, they may consider nereflary for carrying this Act into Execution, and to remove these Officers at pleasure.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall keep a Record of their Proceedings, and an exact Account of the Money received by virtue of this Act 5 and of the Application thereof, in a Book, in the Hands of their Clerks; which Book of Accounts and Proceedings, all Heritors of the said County of Fife shall, at any reasonable Time, be at Liberty to inspect, without Fee or Reward; and, in case of any M fapplication of Money collected, received, or levied by virtue of this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall misapply, or by whose Authority the same shall be misapplied, shall forfeit and pay double the Sum so misapplied, to be recovered from him or them at the Suit of any Two or more Heritors within the said County of Fife, possessed of Three Hundred Pound Scots each of valued Rent, who are hereby authorised to pursue for and recover the fame, in a summary Adbon, before the Judge Ord nary, with full Costs of Suit, One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall belong to the Person who lues for the fame, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Trustees for the District where the Misapplication may have taken place, who are hereby appointed to >pply the fame for the repairing of the said Hoads by this Act directed to be made and repaired.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, in their General Meet-tings for the County, or at thnr respectivcD strict Meetings, shall, and they are hereby authorized to cause the Great and Crol's Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said County, to be altered, amended, widened, and repaired, in such Manner as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Breadth herein after mentioned, and to settle the Direction of any of the said Roads, and to make or cause to be made, new Lines of Roads, if necessary: Provided always,- that such new 'Roads thall in no case be carried through any Lawn, Avenue, Garden, Orchard, or Pleasure Ground, or within Three Hundred Yards of any Mansion House, upon Ground being the exclusive Property of the Owner of such Maniion House, so as to incommode the same.

XLV. And whereas by the said recited Act, the Trustees are authorized to cut and make Drains, Ditches, or Trenches, through any Grounds lying con-iguous to the said Roads, and all'o to keep clear such Drains, Ditches, Passages, or Outlets; Be it enacted, that no such Drains, Ditches, or Tienches, shall be made through any Lawn, Garden, Orchard, or Pleasure Ground, except in Cales, where the Water cannot be otherwise carried off from the Roads without incurring an Increase of Expence, in which case it shall be in the Option of the Proprietor of such Lawn, Garden, Orchard, or Pleasure-Ground, on Payment of such Additional Expence, to cause the said Drains,

Ditches,

Trustees to name Officers for porting the Act into Execution.

Trustees to keep Books and Accounts.

Trustees to make the Great and

Cross Roads.

Drains to be

kept cleat,

and not to be

made

through

Pleasure-

Ground*.

148

Expence of |ury, by whom to be paid.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Ditches, and Trenches, to be made in another Direction, so as not to interfere with the Rights of any other Proprietor, and so as that the said new Direction of the Water shall be equally effectual for the Renefi: of the Roads: Provided always, that reasonable Satisfaction shall be made to the Owner, or Occupier of Lands taken, and for all Damages done, to be ascertained in Manner hereinafter lpccified: Declaring that if any such Owners or Occupiers shall not be satisfied with the Offer made to them by the said Trustees, or shall refuse to treat, or shall alledge that the Grounds which it is proposed to occupy by the Road are such as cannot be broken in upon -, in any of these Cafes, the Propriety of going through such Grounds, and the Amount of the Damages, shall be ascertained by a Jury, to be called by the Sheriff-Depute of Fife, or his Substitutes, who, upon Application are hereby authorised and required to summon a Number of discreet and substantial Persons, being Owners and Occupiers of Land, entitled to be Commissioners of Supply within the said County, not Itfs than Twenty-two in Number, to come and appear before him or them at such Time and Place as by their Warrant and Precept shall be directed, Intimation of Ten Days being given by the Trustees of such Appointment to the Party concerned, or his or her Agent: and the Number of Persons who shall attend, shall then be reduced to Eleven by the Trustees and the Proprietor striking off One alternately, beginningon the Parto* the Proprietor, or in case both Parties shall fail to appear, by the Sheriff striking off, until the Number be so reduced; and the remaining Eleven being duly sworn, the Sheriff shall proceed to examine upon Oath, in their Presence, such Witnesses as shall be summoned by cither Party; and upon their Depofi-tions, or other competent Evidence, such Jury shall determine, not only the Propriety of the proposed widening or Alteration, but all'o of the Damages to be paid by the said Trustees, and their Verdict shall be final and conclusive to all Parties without any Power of Appeal whatsoever; and the Sheriff shall thereupon older Payment to be made of the Sums awarded by the Jury, and shall oidain the Owners and Occupiers of the Grounds, or other Subjects, or their Trustees, Tutors, Curators, or Admin ill ratora, upon Payment, or lawful Tender thereof, quietly to permit and suffer the said Trullees to take Possession of the Grounds or other Subjects; and the Right and Title of the said Trullees to the said Grounds lo to be occupied, shall be sufficient to all intents and Purposes, upon a Receipt alone, subscribed by the Person to whom the Ground formerly belonged for the Value thereof, ascertained as above, without any l'pecial Conveyance to the said Ground, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, in the Event of such Jury awarding a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but, in case the Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum io required,or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and, on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always. That, in all

Cales

149

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence be prevented from creating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees: And provided also. That, after having offered ro the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into, or upon such Lands or Houses, for the Purposes of this Act, and no Stop shall in the mean time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees, on pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been fattsfied and paid; and, in case any Person interested shall apply for and obtain from any Judge competent a Warrant for flopping the Execution of any of the Purposes abovementioned the said Judge shall be, and is hereby empowered and directed to recal such Warrant, or remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the Trustees therein named, for the Amount of such Damages as may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing for the fame, and ascertained in Manner hereinbefore prescribed.

XLVII. And be icenacted, That whatever Money shall be paid by Agreement, or by Award as aforesaid, for Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects, so taken or used by the Trustees, which were held under Entail, or subject to Liferent Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or belonging to any Corporation, Married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, or other Person under legal Disabihty or Incapacity, such Money, in case the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds or Upwards, shall be under the Authority and Direction of the Court of Session, and shall, withouc Delay, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or such other Bank as the Court shall direct, upon the ' highest Interest that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation, and by the Authority of the said Court, in the Purchase of the Land-Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or affecting other Lands, Houses, or Subjects belonging to the ume Persons, and settled to the fame or like Uses, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; ana when such Money cannot be applied to these or like Purposes, then the same shall be laid out in the Purchase, or on the Security of other Lands, Houses, and Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof shall be deviled to the same Person or Persons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Scries of Heirs, for the same Uses ami Purposes, and under the fame Provisions, Conditions, and Limitations, as the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects, taken and used for the Purposes of the said recited Act, or this Act, were deviled and liettled, or such of them as shall be then existing, and capable of taking Effect •, and, in the mean time, until such Purchase or Security can be effected, the Interest of such Money shall be paid, by Authority of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who, for the Time, would nave been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Subjects so taken and used by the Trustees.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That if such Money be less than Two hundred Pounds, but shall exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then, attheOption of the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Subjects conveyed to or taken by the Trustees, for the Purposes of the said re-

Money payable to Per-tons under Entail or Disability, how to be disposed of.

If aool. and upwards.

If less than Two Hundred Pounds, and above Twenty Pounds.

i5o

Ifless than

Twenty

Pound;.

In case of not making out Titles, &c.

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Sobjeft to toe Order of the Court of

Sejlioo.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

cited Act, or this Act, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, in Cafes of Minority, Lunacy, or Trust, to be paid into One or other of the said Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before directed; or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons matting such Option, and approved of by Two or more Trustees under this Act, in order that such Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner before directed, so far as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall make it practicable.;

XLIX. And be it enacted, That where such Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects so taken and conveyed for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Trustees, or any Two or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Trust, to his or their Trustees, or in c^ieof Minority or Lunacy, to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act» shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Sub jests, be not known or discovered; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank ot Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties mterested in the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, [describing them,] subject to the Order, Controui, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way ot Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be said out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall Item just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums o( Money, mentioning and specifying (or what and for whole Use the fame is or arc received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Mvney into the Bank as aforesaid.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12. 151

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise W1,ere aoy touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into ?ueftl0"

the said Banks, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of ,^ch^‘ e([

any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or of any Estate, Right, or Right e

Interest, in any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased such Money,

in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pol-leflion of such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have bten lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and dispol’cd of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that forne other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or to forne Estate or Interest therein.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by rea- Thc c fan of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpora- m3y order lion entitled toany Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased under reasonable the Authority of the said recited Act, or this Act, the Purchase Expences of Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands Houses, or other Subjects, Trustees. to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Acr, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, in their General or District Meeting, shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to Trustees to cause new Arches and Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Timber, to be made or erected upon the said Roads, and any old Bridges which may become

useless or unnecessary, by changing the Course of the Road, or otherwise, to be pulled down, and the Materials thereof to be sold, or applied in building new Arches, or for repairing the said Roads, as they shall see proper; and also to cause such Parts of the said Roads as they shall consider not of a sufficient Breadth, to be widened and made of such Breadth as they shall lee necessary, not exceeding Forty Feet, free of Ditches and Side Drains; and also to cause the Course of such Part or Parts of the said Roads as they shall think proper to be changed or altered, for shortening the fame, or for making them more accessible; and for these Purposes, if necessary, to cause remove Fences, or pull down any House or Houses, upon giving the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Houses, (or his known Faftoror Agent, in cafeof his being forth of Scotland,) Six Months previous Notice of their Intention of purchasing the House or Houses so to be pulled down •, and also upon giving the Occupiers of Houses legal Intimation of removing, the said Trustees being always liable to the Owners of Houses and Fences so to be pulled down, in the Damages thereby incurred, to be ascertained in the Maa-

152 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

ner directed by the said recited Ail of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, and the Roads, so altered, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be a public Highway, and shall be repaired and amended, and kept in Repair, in the same Manner as the said Great and Crol's Roads to be made and repaired by virtue of this Act.

Pidrlft

LIV. And be it enacted, That, for the more easy and effectual putting

Meetings in h xecution of this Act, the said Trustees, at any General Meeting o! may appoint their laid rel'pedive Districts, may authorise and appoint such a Number committees. tjjC Trustees as they shall think proper, who may live near to each of the said Roads, by this Act to be made and repaired, as a Committee, Three being a Quorum, and empower them to give such Orders and Directions for the Repair of the said Roads as to them shall seem rea-so.nable; such Committees being always accountable to the Tru'.toes for the District; and for that Purpose, shall lay before them, once in the Year, a State of their Accounts, and all their Transactions, with proper Vouchers of the Disbursements made by them, to be by the said Trustees, at their said District Meetings, examined, audited, and approved, and to be entered in the Book kept by the Clerk for the District.

D.

LV. And be it enacted, That where any Road in the said County of

Roads run- . . 7 7

ning through runs through uninclosed Ground, or Ground which is mcloled on one

oninclosed Side of the Road only, it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees, Grounds 10 at any Meeting of the respective Districts, to cause the lame to be be widened. wj(jened to the Breadth of Thirty Feet, without any Recompence from the Trustees, (and without Prejudice to their widening the same to Forty Feet, if necessary, upon Payment of the Ground taken more than the said Thirty Feet ;) and where such Widening shall be of a Road running through Ground inclosed on one Side, the additional Breadth shall be taken off the uninclosed Ground, and the Proprietor of the inclosed Ground shall be obliged to pay the Proprietor of the uninclosed Ground One Half of the Value of the Ground bevondTwenty-Five Feet, and not exceeding Thirty Feet, taken off the uninclosed Property, as the same shall be ascertained by any Three or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their Quarter Sessions assembled.

Ground of

LVI. And be it enacted, That in case the Course of any of the said Old Roads Roads shall be altered or widened as aforesaid, the said Trustees, in their to be loid. General District Meetings, shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as soon as the said new Road shall be completed, and made paffableand convenient for Carriages, to cause value the old Road, and dif-poleof and fell the Grounds comprised in or through which theold orformer Road did lead, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the amending the said Roads; and a Receipt subscribed ny the said Trustees, or a Quorum of them, shall be held and deemed as sufficient Evidence of the Value of the Ground of the said old Road being paid; and the Ground so purchased shall pertain and belong in all Time thereafter to the Person so purchifingas Part and Pertinent of his Property through which the iaine did run, without any special Conveyance or other Title thereto.

Old Road toJ

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, b« offered to or any Three or tnore of them, before they shall sell and dispose of

PprfniK

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

any Piece or Pieces of Old Road, (hill first offer the same to the Person or Persons whole L ands shall adjoin thereto, and in case such Proprietor or Proprietors of the adjoining; Lands, respectively, dull not then or thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase the fame respectively; any Affidavit to be made and sworn before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the Counry of Fife, by some Person or Persons no ways incerested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, or alny Three or more of them, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficienc Evidence and Proof, that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refilled by the Person or Persons, to whom such Offer was made, (as the Case may be,) and in case such Person or Persons, fliai'l be desirous of purchasing thfc fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, dull differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof, shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner heieinbefore directed, with respect to the disputed Value of the Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference, shall be borne, and paid in like Manner, as hereinbefore directed, with respect to such Purchase, made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis, and the Purchaser or Purchasers, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication, or Non-application of such Money.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint, by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees, to dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, and other Materials, for making or repairing the said Roads, out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons, (not being the Ground whereon any Houses dand, the fide Walls of which are Tweive Feet high, nor a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk or Walks, Lawn, or any Avenue to any House, except such Gravel Pits as have been opened and used for the Purpose of repairing the Roads within Three Years previously to the passing of this Act,) where such Materials are or may be found, and from time to time to cause the same to be carried away, or so much thereof as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for making, repairing, and amending the Roads aforesaid, paying only the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of the said Grounds respectively, where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken away, or over which the same shall be earned.

LIX. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds do not agree with the Trustees concerning the Amount of Damages done by digging Gravel and other Materials necessary to be taken for the making or repairing the said Roads, the same shall be ascertained in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

[L«f. E? Per.] { LX. And

*53

whose Lands adjoin.

Power to dig Gravel, &c.

Value of Ground damaged, how 10 be af-certaintd.

154

Notice to be given to Proprietors before Mate* rials are taken.

Ditches and Drains to be cleaned and kept in Repair at the joint Expence of them and the Proprietor and Occupier.

Proprietors obstructing the same to pay triple the Expence.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

LX. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees, or any Personafting under their Authority, to dig, gather, or rake away any Materials for altering, widening, repairing, cr keeping in Repair the said Roads or other Purposes of this Act until Ten Days Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Proprietors or Occupiers of the Lands, or other Hereditaments from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or shall have been left for such Proprietors or Occupiers, or their ordinary Agents, at their usual Places of Residence, to appear before the Trustees, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Fife, to shew cause why such Materials should not be taken; and in case such Proprietors or Occupiers shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Justices, shall, if they think fit, authorise the Person or Persons aforesaid to dig, gather, or carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as they shall think proper, and if such Owners or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to appear by themselves or their Agents, the said Trustees or Justices may and shall make such Order thereupon as they shall think fir, as fully and effectually as if such Proprietors or Occupiers, or their Agents, had attended.

LXI. And be it enacted, Thar ail Ditches and Drains which have been made, or which shall hereafter be made along the Side of any of the Roads, hereby authorised to be made and repaired, or through any of the Fields adjoining thereto, shall be scoured and kept in Repair at the joint Expence of the said Trustees and the Proprietor of the Lands through which any such Ditches or Drains are, or shall be made; and it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of the said Trustees to call upon the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land, or either of them for the Time being, to perform the whole Work necessary for keeping the said Ditches and Drains clean and in good Order, upon Payment making, or lawful Tender to them of the One Half of the Expence thereof, to be ascertained when the Work is finished; and in case the Proprieto* or Occupier for the Time shall neglect or refuse to clean and repair the said Ditches or Drains, after Ten Days Intimation to that Effect, the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to cause the said Ditches or Drains to be cleaned and put in Repair, at the joint Expence or the Proprietor or Occupier and Trustees as aforesaid; and the said Proprietor and Oc cupier, or either of them, shall be liable to the said Trustees- for the One half of the Expence dilhurftd by them in cleaning and scouring the said Ditches and Drains, to be recovered in the Manner hereinbefore directed, for recovering the converted Values leviable by this Act: And if any Proprietor or Occupier of Land, through which any such Ditches or Drains are, or shall be made, shall obstruct or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay. triple the Expence of repairing and scouring the fame, to be recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and the said Proprietor or Occupier shall be deemed the Transgressor, unless it shall be proved, that the Transgression was committed by some other Person; and where any Passage for Cattle or Carriages acrois any Road, or an Access into any Field, for the Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it pafies, shall be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall always cover the Drains, eroding the Sides of such Road, with sufficient Stones, in such Manner as the Course of the Water in the Drains may

not

47° GEORGII III. Cap. u. iSS

not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced: Providing always, Water car-that no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Roads, nor conduit any Water across any of the said Roads, M. ner for the meliorating of his Fields, or other Purposes, until he shall thereof, have applied for, and obtained the Consent of the said Trustees, in their General or their District Meetings; and in that Cafe every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road, in a covered Drain of such Depth and Construction as that the Water may not prejudice the Road.

LXII. And be it enacted, That when the Lands on one Side, or on both Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads are not inclosed, the Proprietor or Occupier of such Lands shall not, from and after the pallkxg of this Act, make inclosures along the Sides of the Road, without giving at lead Two Months previous Notice to the Trustees for the District where the inclosures are to be made, and if he fails so to do, he shall not be entitled to any Compensation for the Expence of the Inclosures, in case the said Trustees shall, at any future Time, think it necessary to demolish the fame for the Purpose of widening the Road; Provided always, That the said Notice shall be given to the Trustees by a Notification in Writing patted of a Sunday upon the Church Door of the Parish where the Grounds intended to be inclosed lie, and by a Letter-directed to the Clerk to the Trustees for the District, who shall lay the fame before the next General or adjourned Meeting, and the said Trustees art hereby required to insert a Copy of the said Letter in their Minutes.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are Penalty on hereby authorised, to cause Foot-paths to be made along the Sides of the injuring Roads, not exceeding the Breadth of Five Feet, and if any Person F°°t-Path» shall ride or drive any Carriage upon the Paths which may be made, or shall in any Way hurt or injure the lame, he shall, for every Rich Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner hereinafter dtrested.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That where the Ground on the Side of any PoffdTor* to of the fai.i Roads is inclosed or planted, the Proprietor or Occupier of such Ground on each Side, shall be obliged, at the proper Season of the judges on Year, to cut the Hedges to the Height of Five Feet from the Level Rujds? of the Road, and to prune the Trees in a proper Manner, so as to crjve sufficient Breadth and Air to such Road; and in case they neglect so to do. Three Months after being required, by an Order of the District Meeting properly intimated to them, the said District Meeting shall have Power to appoint the same to be done at the Defaulter’s Expence.

LXV. And be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed to put this Act Trustees may in Execution, who are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the as J"f-County of Fife, shall and may aft nevertheless as Justices of the Peace, ,ice' within their respective Jurisdictions, for the more effectually puttino- in Execution the several Authorities and Powers in this present Act mentioned and contained, and also to act as Trustees in any District, although their Property may not be fieuated therein.

Notice to be given of New Inclosures upon Sidet of Roads to Trustees.

*56

Trustees not to hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

Trustees may rreft Mile-Hones.

Penalty on

defacing theft Stones. For breaking Parapet-Walls of Bridges.

No Annoyances to be laid on the Roads.

Head

Ridges.

Gates.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed, by this Act, as a Trustee or Trustees, for putting the fame in Execution, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit arising out of it, such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees from the Time of accepting, and during the Time of enjoying such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may cause any of the said Roads to be measured. and Stones or Posts to be erected on the Sides thereof, denoting the Dirtance at each Mile, or at such other Distances as they may judge convenient; and also to order or cause to be erected Guide Posts upon such Part of the said Roads where the Roads are crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons, shall break down, destroy, or deface, any such Mile Stones, or Guide Posts, or shall break down the Cape Scones or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges of the said Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said Roads, unless a sufficienc covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made as before directed, or be aiding and assisting therein, or shall refeue or attempt to refeue any Person apprehended for such Offence; every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or his Substitute, or before Two or more J offices of the Peace for the said County, shall, for the First Offence, not only be adjudged to pay the whole of the Damages and Expences iiaftained, but also a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, and for a Second, or any fublequeoc Offence, shall, besides paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling; and in case the said Penalty, Damages, and Pxpences so adjudged, shall not be instantly paid, or sufficient Security given for the fame, the said Sheriff or Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit such Person or Persons so convicted to Pnlon, fur any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor lei's than One Calendar Month, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, Thar, for preventing Annoyances on the said Roads, from and after the Palling of this Act every Person in ploughing any Field contiguous to any of the said Roads, shall always make Head Ridges along the Side of the Roads, of the Breadth of Fight Feet, at least; and all Gates upon Indofures, next to any of the High Roads, shall open inwards to the Field; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall lay any dead Horle, or other Carrion, upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of the Roads, (except in case of Accidents, when the same shall be removed as soon as the Owner, or Person, having the Charge thereof, realbnably can,) or any Dung, Lime, Soil, or Comport, or Matter whatsoever, either for manuring Lands, or for any other Purpose, upon any of the said Roads, or within Three Yards of the Sides (unless within a Fence) of any Part of the said Roads, or in the Streets of any of the Royal Burghs, Towns or Villages, within the said County, under the Penalty of Ten Shillings Sterling, for each Offence, and the

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12. 157

the Forfeiture of the said Dung, or other Matter, which may be removed and carried off by an Order in Writing, from any Two or more of the said Trustees.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from Horses, &c. and after the passing of this Act, pasture, or leave or allow to be paflured, not to be or left on the aforei'aid Roads, or any of them, any Horses, Sheep, Cows, P*® or other Cattle, it shall and may be lawful for any One or mote of the Justices of the Peace for the County upon Application made to him by any Heritor or Occupier of Lands in the said County, or by any Person r Persons having Authority from the said Trustees, to issue his or their Warrant for apprehending the Person or Persons lo offending as aforesaid, and to bring them before him or them for Examination; and upon such Offender or Offenders being convicted of such Offence, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or the Oath or Confession of the Party offending, it shall and may be lawful for such J uff ice or Justices of the Peace to fine and ammerciate such Offender or Offenders severally, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, for each and every Offence, to be levied and recovered, in case of Non-payment, and to be applied as hereinbefore directed.

LXX. And whereas the Roads, to be made under the Authority of this Breadth of Ad, may be much prejudiced by the Narrowness of the Wheels of the Wheel* of several Carriages, Be it enacted, that no Waggon having the Sole or Bot- ■lrr,aSes< tom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches shall go or be drawn with more than Eight Horses, and that no Care having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches shall go or be drawn with more than Five Hotfes, and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling on each Side a Surface of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Seven Horses, and that no Waggon rolling a Surface of Six Inches only, shall go or be drawn with more than Six Horses, and that no Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches shall go or be drawn with more than Four Horses, and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses, and that no Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth oi Five Inches shall go or be drawn with more than Three Horses, and thac no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches shall go or be drawn with more than Four Horses, and thac no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Four Inches shall be drawn with more than Three Horses upon the said Highways, nor shall any Cart or Waggon, drawn with One or more Horses, having the Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches or less, be allowed to be drawn upon any of the said Roads, where the Weight of such Carriage Penalty on and Loading shall exceed Thirty-five hundrcdWeight, under the Pe- Owners and nalties after mentioned ■, that is to say, that the Owner of such Waggon ^rivers of or Cart respectively shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Awheel*' Sterling, and the Driver not being the Owner, the Sum of Five Shillings of which ate

\Loc. & Per.] R r Sterling

158

not of proper Dimensions.

ThinpS drawn on the Rcadi mull be on a Wheeled ^-Carriage.

Houses to be built near the Sides of the Roads to be Ten Feet from the Side of such Road.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered:

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Sterling for every Horse or Bead by which the same shall be drawn above the Number hereby so limited respectively as aforesaid, One Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half applied to the Repair of the Roads within the District where the Offence is committed: Declaring, that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Overseer or Overseers appointed by them, when they shall find any loaded Waggon or Cart travelling along the said Roads having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches or less, and drawn with One or more Horses, and which, they have Reason to believe, may weigh, including the Weight of the Carriage itself, above Thirty-five hundred Weight, to cause flop the faied Carriage, and to convey the same to the nearest Weighing-Machine, at or near the said Roads, in order to ascertain the true Weight of the said Carriage: and, where the said Trustees may find it necessary, to place Stones or other Obstructions to prevent any new Road from being cut or rutted by the Wheels of Carriages running in the fame Traci, the Owner or Driver of such Carriages on being convicted before any Justice of the Peace by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses of having removed or delfroyed such Stones or Obstructions placed for the Purpose , aforesaid, shall respectively be liable in the same Penalties to be incurred by such Owner or Driver in Manner as before directed.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That if after the passing of this Act any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, Iron, Plough, Harrow, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than on ,a wheeled Carriage, or shall suffer any Tree or other Matter whatsoever, which can be conveyed upon a wheel Carriage to drag upon any part of the said Roads, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit aSum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied as herein-after directed.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That in conformity with the before recited Act, of the Thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, in case any Houses shall, after the passing of this Act, be built near the Sides of any of the said Roads, or in any Villages; or in case any Houses, or other Buildings of any Kind, shall be erected at or near the Outlets of any Town within the said County, no such House or other Building shall be builc within Ten Feet from the Side of the said Roads, (tree of Ditches and Side-Drains,) under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, and the Expence of demolishing such House or Edifice; and it shall be lawful for any One or more of the said Trustees to flop the building or erecting of every such House or Building, as ht of they shall apprehend to be within the said Distance from the Side at the said Roads, by an Order in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands.

{I

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted, or authorised to be imposed, in relation to any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not other-wile particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offence before Two or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff-Depuie of the said County, or his Subfliuite, either by the Confession of ihc Party, or by the Oath of Or.e or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distrcls

apd

• 59

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Watrant under the Hand of Two Justices, or of the said Sheriff-Depute, or his Substitute, (which Warrant is hereby authorised and required to be granted, and Oaths administered by the said Justices, or Sheriff-Depute, or his Substitute, (gratis,) such Sale being always made by public Auction to the highest Offerer, at such Places as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within Three Days after such Distress shal have been made; and the overplus Money arising from such Sale, (after the Penalties and Forfeitures are recovered, and the Charges thereof deducted,) shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the said Trustees, or their Collectors for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied in re. pairing of such of the Roads^ upon or In respect whereof such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be incurred and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeitures and Penalties shall not forthwith be paid, or sufficient Security given for the fame, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the Peace, or for the Sheriff Depute of the said Shire, of his Substitute, together with One Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to caul’e such Offender or Offenders to be committed to any House of Correction, or Common Gaol, in the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall think him or herself aggrieved by any of the Proceedings in the Execution of this Act, for which no particular Method of Relief has been hereby provided, such Person or Persons may, within Six Months after the Matter complained of shall be done, (but not afterwards,) appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions for the said County, the Person or Persons appealing, first giving Fifteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal to the Clerk of the said Trustees, and also to the Clerk of the said Justices of the Peace, and lodging with him, at the Time of the said Appeal, a Recognizance to prosecute the fame, also giving legal Notice thereof to the Defender or Defenders •, and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised to take Cognizance of such Complaints and Appeals, a id to make such Determination therein as they shall think proper, and such Determination shall be final •, and the Proceedings of the Trustees and the Justices on Appeal, shall not be subject to Suspension or Advocation, or challengeable by Process of Reduction.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That the Expence attending the pafiang of this Act, as the same shall be settled and allowed at a General Meeting of the Trustees for the County, shall be paid by the several Districts of the County out of the First Part of the Monies to be levied within the respective Districts by virtue of this Act upon the said Plough-gates, in proportion to the Number of the Plough-gates within the said respective Districts, and to be collected and paid to any Person whom the Trustees shall direct.

LXXVf. And be it enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any

Wrongs,

Now to be applied.

On Failure of Distress, Offender to be committed.

How Parties

aggrieved, may obtain Redrels.

Expence of this Act to be paid one of the Money levied in virtue hereof.

Limitation of Actiow,

i6o 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Wrongs done, or Injuries suffered in any Manner thereto relative, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penal* ty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards,

Afl3*/ Geo. 3.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Provisions made by repealed so the before recited Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present *lteredhereby Majesty's Reign, so far as the same are varied or altered by the present Act, shall from and after the passing of this Act be, and the same are hereby repealed but the said recited Act in so far as not hereby varied, altered or repealed, shall remain in full Force and Effect, for all the Purposes therein specified.

■ - - ....... . 1, \ 1

Public Afl.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

- -

~ . ' 1 " *‘ i * ' r

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

i .1 ’ ’ •.

iu . iu b*: I i cl if 1 * 1 O olii’i r.

JjatKiia. t - o.—j a-,.... .; dk.h g< J fdacolcaa li- ! -

- •ji-.-jxl 10 r.:i,i .1. id: ss-flarli/ft*-.* ,r I , V. ‘ / rt.>. ' ..n A.

I eirlj 1 notjirxta* <*t{1 r >.,* •- a su.j !o vns vd '*

'L ' ' ,b: IS ’i \iit O lif .1.1 1 "'i . ’ m.-v

; , - ~ > n't: . - >> 1 vc F: c. . . . i I

il

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII m. REGIS.

Cap. 13.

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and that Part of the County of Nairn, which is locally situated in the County of Ross; and for more effectually making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the same; and for making and maintaining the great Poll Road from the Confines of Invernefsshire> to the Confines of the Shire of Sutherland.

[9th April 1807.]

WHEREAS the Laws for making and repairing Highways and Bridges in Scotland have been found by Experience ineffectual, in their present Shape, for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and the Estate of Ferrintojb, locally situated in the County of Ross; and it would be more convenient 3nd advantageous to all concerned, if the whole Statute Labour of the said Counties, and that Private Estate, were converted, upon equitable Terms, into Payments in Money, in place of the present [, Loc. 13 P<r.] S f Services

162

Trustees.

Parishes to be divided iutoDillrifls.

Trustees to pay their own Expences. Commutation of Statute Labour by Heritors.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Services, and Powers were granted to borrow Money upon the Produce> of the Conversion, but such Purposes cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, That ic may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who shall at any Time have, and so long as they shall continue to be possessedjof a Qualification to entitle them to be Commissioners of Supply, orare in the Commission of the Peace in either of the said Counties, and the Proprietor of the Estate of Ferrintosh for the Time being, and the Heirs Apparent of such Person and Proprietor, of lawful Age, shall be Trustees for putting this Act in Execution: Provided always, that if any Person not qualified as aforesaid shall, notwithstanding, presume to act as a Trustee as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, besides the Expences of Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said Counties, before the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute of the Counties of Ro/s or Cromarty, or his Substitute, which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustets aforesaid, or their Clerk, to be applied by them for the Purposes of this Act; and in case of such Complaint, the Proof of the Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall hold their First General Meeting at the Burgh of‘Tain upon the First Day of May next, of which Meeting Notice shall be given by an Advertisement to be inserted by the Convener of the said County of Ross in some Three Newspapers published in Edinburgh, and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, at such General Meeting, to divide the Parishes included in this Act into Districts, as they shall see proper, for the Purposes of this Act: And to appoint a Time and Place at which the Trustees of each District shall hold their First Meeting in this present Year, and the said Trustees at such or any other General Meering are hereby empowered to chuse a Prefes, and also a Clerk, who shall be allowed such Salary as the said Trustees shall think proper, for keeping the Minutes or Records of the Proceedings of all General Meetings, and all such Matters as shall be reported to them from District Meetings, to be paid from the Funds of the different Districts, in proportion to the valued Rent of each District.

III. And be it enacted, That at all General or District Meetings, the Trustees shall defray their own Expences.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Statute Labour now exigible, by Law, from Heritors occupying their own Lands, from all Tenants, or Sub-Tenants, their feed Servants, bound by the Year, or Half-Year, with that of their Draught Cattle and Carriages, shall hereafter be exchanged or commuted for the following Consideration; (that is to say), all Heritors occupying their own Lands, Woods, or Fishings, yielding an Annual Return; and all Farmers or Tenants holding Land, and the Renters of Fishings, of Woods, or other Subjects, from which the

163

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

the Landlord derives an Annual Income, the Annual Value or Rent whereof shall amount to Five Pounds, and shall not amount to Ten Pounds, shall pay in lieu of all Statute Labour, for the Year, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence, all Heritors, Tenants, and Renters aforesaid, where the Annual Rent shall amount to Ten Pounds, and shall not amount to Twenty-Five Pounds, shall severally pay, in lieu of all Statute Labour, Twelve Shillings in the Year; and where the Annual Value or Rent- shall amount to Twenty-five Pounds, and shall not amount to Fifty Pounds, such Persons severally shall pay Fifteen Shillings in the Year; and where the Annual Value or Rent shall amount to Fifty Pounds, and shall not amount to One Hundred Pounds, such Persons severally shall pay Twenty Shillings in the Year; and where the Annual Value or Rent shall amount to One Hundred Pounds or upwards, such Persons severally shall pay at the Rate of Three-pence Sterling, for each Pound of such Value or Rent Annually.

V. And be it enacted, That every Lessee, or Occupier of Land under the Yearly Rent of Five Pounds, and every Householder within Burgh, or forth thereof, and every Cottager and Labourer, (excepting Servants hired by Tenants or other Occupiers of Land, by the Term,) shall pay, in lieu of their Personal Services, at such Rates of Conversion, as the Trustees of the several Districts within which such Person shall severally reside, may fix at their first Meeting held after the passing of this Acr, or at their first Annual Districe Meeting; not to exceed the Kate at which Day Labour can be obtained within the District for each of the Six Day’s Statute Labour, which theyare by Law at present required to perform.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Inhabitants within each of the Royal Burghs of the Shire of Ross, and of the Town of Cromarty, who possess Houses above the Annual Rent of Six Pounds, and not amounting to Ten Pounds, shall pay at the Rate of Nine-pence in the Pound; and where the Rent shall amounc to Ten Pounds, and shall not amount to Twenty Pounds, at the Rate of Ten-pence in the Pound, and where the Rent shall amount to Twenty Pounds or upwards, at the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound for the Commutation of their Statute-Labour; and such as occupy their own Houses, shall pay in the Proportion of the above Rates according to the Rent for which such House would fer, as the same shall be settled by and between the said Trustees and such Occupier, and in the Event of their differing in Opinion, by the Sheriff of the said Counties of Ross or Cromarty.

VII. And be it enacted, That in order to enable the Collectors and Surveyors to make up their Charge against the District, and accurate Lifts of the Persons liable to the Performance of Personal Services, each Heritor, or his Factor, shall furnish the Collector of the District, on or before the Twentieth Day of March yearly, with a List of their Tenants who pay Five Pounds Rent, or upwards, on the Estates respectively, (fating the full Amount of the Rent (including the Commutation for Customs and Services), payable by each, together with the Value, or Rent, for which Lands in the

Heritor’s

ByOccu-piers. Cottagers, and Labourers,

By Inliabi-tants of Royal Burghs.

Heritors to

furnish Lilt of Tenants,

164

Sieii'tMasters in Royal Burghs.

Exemptions.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Heritor’s Occupation would let on a Lease of Nineteen Years; and where Bear or Oatmeal shall be payable in kind, to the Landlord, in lieu of Rent, each Boll payable for Rent, whether of Bear or Oatmeal, shall be estimated at Twenty Shillings Sterling, in all such Returns, and each Heritor, or his Factor, shall also procure for the Collector or Surveyor, a List of all the small Tenants under Five Pounds, of all Householders, Cottars, Labourers by the Day, Tradesmen, with their Journeymen and Apprentices, if of the lawful Age, and Boatmen, re-siding within the Bounds of their Estates respectively, for the Purpose of having accurate Lifts of those liable to serve, within the District, made up, to be laid before the First General Meeting of the Trustees of the District, when they are to make their Annual Assessment.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Stent Master, or Treasurer for the Time being, of each of the Three Royal Burghs within the Shire of Ross, shall be bound to make a Return of the Householders within the Burgh, who occupy Houses above Five Pounds of Annual Rent, with the Amount of the Rent, or Value by the Year, of the House occupied by each, to the Collector of the District, within which the Burgh may be fnuated; and that either the Scene Master, Treasurer, or some fit Person to be appointed by the Magistrates of such Burghs respectively, make up annually a List of all Householders occupying Houses under Five Pounds of Yearly Rent, and of all Tradesmen, their Journeymen or Apprentices of the lawful Age, who are liable by the existing Laws to the Performance of Statute Labour on the Roads, and deliver the fame, authenticated by their Subscription, to the Collector of the Districr, within which the Burgh is situated, and that such Lifts shall be prepared for the Town of Cromarty, and the Villages of the Shires of Ross and Cromarty by the Parish Schoolmaster, and that all such Lifts shall be delivered to the respective Collectors on or before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and thereafter on or before the Twentieth Day of March annually, under a Penalty of Twenty Shillings Sterling.

IX. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall be assessed as a Lessee, or Occupier of Land, shall be liable to any separate Assessmenc as aComposition for Personal Labour on the Highway, and that no Clergyman shall be subjected to perform any Service, or pay any Con-version on account of his Manse, or Glebe, nor any Parochial Schoolmaster, nor Schoolmaster employed by the Society for Propagating Christian Knowledge, nor any Teacher of the Academies at Tain or For-trofc, nor any Teacher of any other Academy or School which may hereafter be sanctioned by the Justices of the Peace of either of the said Counties of Ross or Cromarty assembled at their Quarter Sessions, on account of his School House, or Allowance of Ground; but if such Clergyman, or Schoolmaster, or Teacher shall have any Farm or Farms, distinct from their Glebe, or Allowance of Ground, as a Minister, or Schoolmaster, or Teacher, then they shall pay in proportion to the Rent of the Land they so occupy as other Occupiers of Lands are required to do by this Act.

Trustees may X. And be it enacted, That the Trustees of Districts or any Three excuse indi- of them, shall have Power, by a Writing under their Hands, to ex-

gen-.Persons. cule

47° GEORGII III. Cap. i3. 165

cufe indigent Persons and Labourers who shall have attained the Age of Sixty-five Years or upwards from the Payment of any Compensatioft for their Perfor.al Services.

XI. And be it enacted.That if anObjection, which shall be considered Settling ob to be valid, shall be stated at the Meeting of the Trustees of the District to jeftibnable any Return which fit all have been marie to the Collectors or Surveyors, pursuant to this Act.it shall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered to cite the Occupiers of Land or others, making such objectionable Return before them, with such Witnesses as may be considered necessary, by whom they are to take Proof of the Rents, or other Matters which are to be investigated, and after such Proof shall make an Assessment, which shall be final, without being fu'oject to Review, by Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction.

XII. And be it enacted, That in case r.o Return shall be made before Obliging the First Annual Meeting of the Trustees of the District,which shall be Persons 10 held within the District on the first li ednesday of March yearly, it shall and make Re" may be lawful for such Meeting, and they are hereby empowered to

cite the Persons failing to make a Return, before them, and to ascertain the Return which ought to have been made, at the Expence of the Party who shall fail to make the proper Return.

XIII. And be it enacted, That so soon as the Assessments within any Collecting District shall be made complete, they shall be delivered over to the Col- the lector, who shall proceed in collecting the fame, on or before the second me"ts' Wednesday of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, and thereafter on or before the first Day of May annually, when complete Reports

shall be made to the General Meeting of the Trustees under this Act, which are previously to be examined, and approved in a District Meeting, to be called for that Purpose by the several Collectors.

XIV. And be it enacted, That regular Warnings shall be given at the Notice to be Church Doors of the several Parishes, of the Day and Place proposed given ofcol-for collecting the Assessment within the Parishes respectively, on a Sun- leflinE‘ day immediately after Divine Service at least Fourteen Days before the proposed Day of Collection, and upon Failure of Payment upon the

Day appointed for such Collection, or within Ten Days thereafter, and a Certificate thereof being returned by the Collector, a summary Warrant of Distress shall or may be issued by the Sheriff Depute of the Cour.ty, any of his Substitutes, or any Two Justices of the Peace, for the Amount of the Sum assessed, and the full expences of the Proceedings.

XV. And be it enacted, That in case of a Warrant being improperly Preventing

obtained, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff or Justices to award Warrants treble the Amount of the Sum sued for, against the Person by whole *>'1r"B^pru' Means it shall have been obtained. uined!

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Collectors of Distriersshalllodge th* Money col-whole Sum so collected within their Districts, in the Bank of Scotland's icfled to be Branch at ’Tain, or in any pubbek Bank or Branch of luCh Bank, pre- deP°rittd-viously approved of by the Annual General Meeting, oh a Deposit Account, on a Receipt to be given up to the District Meeting of Truf-

[Loc. £s? Per.] T t

i66

Applicatioa of Money.

Meetings of Trustees.

For calling Meetings.

t

Lifts of Roads to be made up.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

tees, and to be drawn out afterwards as any future Meetings may direct, by the Orders of their Prefes for the Time being.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the whole Produce of the Conversions of Statute Labour, to be levied under the Authority of this Act, and all Sums of Money which shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be laid out and expended upon the Roads within the Districts respectively, from which such Conversions shall be levied, or on which the Interest of such Monies to be borrowed, shall be charged, and no otherways.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Trustees of the several Districts into which the Parishes comprised in this Act shall be divided at the General Meeting to be held on the first Day of May next, shall meet in the present Year at such Times and Places as shall be appointed at such General Meeting, of which Notice shall be given in such Manner as shall be directed by such General Meeting, and thereafter the Trustees of each District shall meet alternately, at the Churches or School Houses of the Parishes,once a-Year within eachDiftricr, on the first Wednesday of March in every Year, any Three of which Trustees shall be a Quorum, and shall and may proceed in the Execution of this Act, and may adjourn themselves to such Times and Places, as they may think proper.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Trustees, or in his Absence the Prefes of the preceding General Meeting, shall, when directed by any Two or more Trustees, call a General Meeting by Two Advertisements in any Newspaper published in the Counties of Ro/s, or Cromarty, and in default thereof, in any Newspapers published in Edinburgh, the first of such Advertisements being at least Fourteen Days before the Day of such Meeting, signifying the Purpose of the fame, and no Person, but the Clerk or the Prefes of the fame General Meeting shall have Power to call such Special Meetings, and the Expence of advertising shall bepaid'out of the Funds of the District on the Business of which the Meeting is called.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for their respective Districts shall, at their First Meeting, or any after regular Meeting of the District, make up a List of the Great and Crols Roads, within the District to which the Funds leviable in such District ought in the first Place to be applied, and shall procure or prepare an Estimate of the h.xpence of making the same, with the Proportion of the Funds to be applied to each Part thereof parochially, or otherwise, as they may deem mod conducive to the publick Interest, and shall report their Proceedings to the General Meeting of Trustees of the said Counties, to be holden on the second fVedne/day of May yearly, for that Purpose, at the Burghs of Tain and Dingwall by rotation, the First Year’s Meeting after the passing of this Act, being holden at Tain; which General Meeting shall insert the Report from each of the Districts, in their Minutes or Records, for the Information and Inspection of all concerned: And the Lines of Road being once fixed and approved by a General Meeting of the Trustees of the said Counties, shall not be altered, nor any Road inferred in the Lifts, until the Road so fixed, at the General District Meeting within which the Road lies, be declared completely made and finished.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 167

XXI. And be it enacted, That in order that the Roads may be more Power to speedily and effectually put in Repair, and the Public derive imme- rrow Mn* diate Advantage therefrom, the Trustees for each District, or any Five

or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall have Power to borrow Money, on the Security of the Funds leviable by virtue of this Act, to be applied in making and reparing the Great and Cross Roads, within the District: Notice of the Intention of borrowing and the Extent of the Sums to be borrowed, being always given by Adv/sr-tilement in any Three Edinburgh Newspapers published at the Time, at least Ten Days previous to Inch borrowing: Provided always that no Sum shall be borrowed, unless it clearly appears that a Sum equal at least to Five Pounds per Centum, per Annum, of the capital Sum lo proposed to be borrowed, (over and above the legal intercftof the Money borrowed, the Sum to be appropriated by the Trustees for keeping the Roads in Repair, and Expence of Management,) can and shall actually be appropriated and fee apart, as a Sinking Fund, to be applied in dimirushing and extinguishing the Debt to be incurred; and if any Trustee or Trustees shall borrow Money, for making the Roads, without adopting and following out the aforesaid Regulations, he or they shall be personally liable for the Money so borrowed, and the same shall not be held as a Debt on the Trust Funds of the District ■, and ’ all Monies borrowed shall be lodged in the Bank of Scotland at Edinburgh, or in the Branch of that Bank at Tain, to remain till the making and repairing the Roads for which it is borrowed shall actually commence, and the Sums so lodged shall afterwards be drawn out as the same shall be required in Manner herein specified.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said and assign Trustees, or a Quorum of them, at any General Meeting for the ,ke respective Districts assembled, and they are hereby empowered to assign and convey the Funds leviable by this Act, in Security of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Produce thereof to any Person or Persons, from whom the said Money shall be borrowed; and all Assignments of the said Funds shall be entered by the Clerk, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and which Book may be seen and perused by any Person lending Money, or paying Conversion for Statute Labour, under this Act, at all reasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Assignation to be granted for the Form of Af. Sums of Money, so to be borrowed, shall be agreeable to the following signment. Form, or in other Words, to the fame Purport, that is to say, " By

" virtue of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of Fiis Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act [here insert the Title of the Act, | We the Trustees for putting the said Act into Ex •« ecution, assembled at a General Meeting of the District of " called agreeably to the aforesaid Act, in consideration of

« the Sum of advanced by A.B. for the Purpose of

" making and repairing the Roads in the Parish of or the

" Line of Road from to [as the Case may be,]

" Do hereby assign to the said A. B., his Executors and Adignees, such Proportion of the Funds appropriated for making and repairing the " Roads in the said Parish of or the Line of Road from

168

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

" to [as the Case may be,"] as the said Sum of

* doth or shall bear to the whole Sum borrowed, or to be bor-

" rowed, to be held by the said A.B. his Executors or Assignees, from " the Day of in the Year of our Lord

" until the aforesaid Sum of with Interest, at the Rate

" of per Centum per Annum shall be repaid. In Witness where -

" of we have subscribed the Assignation, written by C.D. Clerk to " the said Trustees [or any other Person) at the

« Day of in the Presence of the said C.D. and E.F.

" of

Bondi assign-

XXIV. And be it enacted, Thar ell Bonds and Aflfrgnations to be ibIe- granted for Security of Money to be borrowed, in virtue of this Act,

shall be transferrable from Time to Time, by a Pimple Indorfation, by the Creditor, on the Back there f, in the following Words, or Words to the fame Purport, without the Necessity of any other Conveyance, that is ro lay,

" I do hereby transfer this Assignation, with all my Right and Title »« to the Principal, and Interest thereby secured and now due, unto C. *• D. his Executors, and Assignees. Witness my Hand at the Day of in the Year

" Before these Witnesses, E■ F. and G. H."

Application

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Funds to be levied, in virtue of this of Fund. Act shall be; and are hereby vested, in the said Trustees, and the same shall be applied and disposed of in Repayment of the Money borrowed, and in making and repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads; Provided always, that the Funds of each District shall only be applied in Repayment of the Money borrowed, on the Credit of the Sum arising within the District, and to the Sinking Fund for discharging the Debt thereon, and in making and repairing the Lines of Road within that District, and no otherwise.

Allocating

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for the respective Dif-the Funds, tricts, shall, at the First Meeting to be held in pursuance hereof, or any Adjournment thereof, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, and at every Annual General Meeting thereafter, ascertain the Proportion of the Funds of each District, to be allocated for the respective Roads within the same, for the ensuing Year; and wh n a particular Portion of the said Fund of any District, shall have been once allocated for making and repairing any Line of Road within the District, and Money shall have been borrowed upon the Paith of such Allocation, it shall not be in the Power of the Trustees to alter the Allocation, until the Money so borrowed shall have been paid off and discharged.

Trustees ae-

XXVII. And be it enacted, That none of the Funds or Money shall bg countable for allocated or granted, but on the Application of One or more Trustees funds. who, by obtaining the Grant, shall be held responsible, and strictly accountable for the faithful Expenditure of the Sum granted; and who, before obtaining any Grant for Money, shall give in a List of the respective Roads, meant to be made and repaired by them, and at the same Time shall give in an Estimate Ipecitying the Expence, ter Rood, of the proposed making or Repairs.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 169

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Money shall be applied to the Money to be respective Roads, for which it shall have been granted, and to no other aPPl,ed on Road, under the Penalty of repaying the Sum drawn, with legal In- ^"0" ar terelt for the lame, from the Day it shall have been paid, and One which it was Half more, by Way of Fine, on the Person otherwise applying the granted, lame.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Money, to the Extent of the Money to be Sum granted, shall not be paid until the Work shall have been begun, paid by In-when it may be drawn for, at One or more Instalments, as the Trustees ilalments; for the Dilirict shall direct, by Order of the Person or Persons to whom

it shall have been granted, on the Clerk to the said District, who shall accept and direct it for Payment, by the Bank of Scotland, or Branch thereof, as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it enacted, That whoever shall obtain a Grant for, and Andaccount-receive such Money, shall make uo, and lodge with the Clerk to the ed for. District, an attested Account on Oath, with regular Vouchers for the

fair Expenditure of the Money, distinguishing the Sum expended on each Road j and if the Whole, or any Part of the Money granted,

(shall have been paid, and not expended, or accounted for, as aforesaid, che fame shall be repaid immediately after the first Day of January thereafter, and One Half more, by Way of Penalty, and legal Interest for both, from the said first Day of January till paid.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all Grants, for the Expenditure of Money not which regular Accounts, as aforesaid, shall not be lodged, and the expended in Payment demanded, on or before the first Day of January yearly, Time', Bbe shall be held as not laid out or expended, as the fame was allocated, and disposed of together with all unappropriated Money, shall remain at the future by the Trof-Disposal of the Trustees of the District, at their Annual General tees-Meeting in May j to be applied on such Roads as they shall think proper.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Proceedings in the different Proceedings Districts, shall be reported to the First Annual General Meeting of the of Diftrift Trustees for the said Counties, to be held in pursuance of this Act; and Meetings to at every Annual General Meeting thereafter there shall be laid before {* General them a Summary of the Proceedings of the Trustees, for their respective Meetings. Districts, previous to the said Meetings of the County, containing a

Lift of the Roads adopted for Repair, an Account of the Money levied and Money borrowed (if any) in virtue of this Act, with the Proportion of the Funds allocated to each Line of Road, which shall be regularly inserted in their Minutes or Records.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees of each District, Appointment attneir F irlt Meeting, and at every Annual General Meeting of their of Prefes, respective Districts, shall have Power to nominate and appoint a Prefes, Clerk, &c. Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, or such other Officers as they may consider necessary, and to pay them out of the Money collected within the District, such Allowance for their Trouble as they shall think proper, and shall be approved by the Trustees at a General Meeting for carrying this Act into Execution, and to remove these Officers at Pleasure.

U u

[Lee. 6? Per.]

lyo

Accounts to

be kept.

(toads to he altered and amended.

Power to purchase Lands.

4.70 GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees of each District, shall keep a Record of their Proceedings, and an exact Account of the Money received, by virtue of this Act, and of the Application thereof, in a Book, in the Hands of their Clerk, which Book of Accounts and Proceedings, all Heritors of the said District shall, at any reasonable Time, be at liberty to inspect, without Fee or Reward; and the Trustees for the said Counties, shall also keep a Record of their Proceedings, and of the Reports from the several Districts, which shall be open to the Inspection of every Heritor within the County, likewise, without Fee or Reward; and in case of any Misapplication of Money Collected, received, or levied, by virtue of this Act, all, and every Person or Persons, who shall misapply, or by whof? Authority the same shall be misapplied, shall forfeit and pay double the Sum so misapplied, to be recovered from him or them, at the Suit of any Two or more Heritors, within the said County, possessed of Two hundred Pounds Scots each, of valued Rent, who are hereby authorized to pursue for, and recover the fame, in a Summary Action, before the Judge Ordinary, with full Costs of Suit; One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall belong to the Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Trustees, for the District where the Misapplication may have taken place, who are hereby directed to apply the fame for the repairing of the said Roads.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees in the General Meeting of their respective Districts, shall, and they are hereby authorized, to cause the Great and Cross Roads, Bridges and Ferries, within the said Districts, to be altered, amended, widened, and repaired, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to alter the Direction of any of the Roads, and to make, or cause to be made, new Lines of Roads, if necessary: Provided always, that such new Roads, shall, in no Cafe be carried through any Lawn, Avenue, Garden, Orchard, Pleasure, or Nursery Ground, or within Three hundred Yards of any Mansion House, so as to incommode the fame: and further to cut and make Drains, Ditches or Trenches, through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads; and to make Passages for the Water, where it shall be found necessary, from such Ditches or Trenches, through the Ground of any adjacent Proprietor; and also to keep clear such Drains, Ditches, PafiTages, or Outlets; and the Workmen authorized by them may go upon the said Lands for that Purpose: Provided always, that reasonable Satisfaction be made to the Owner or Occupier of any Lands or Tenements, which shall be taken or damaged, in the Execution of this Act, to be ascertained in Manner after specified.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to sell and convey all such Lands or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or any of them, and erecting any Toll Bar or Toll House thereon, or for storing Materials or otherwise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 171

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owners or For valuing Occupiers shall not be satisfied with the Offer made to them by the said ‘he tand* Trustees, or shall refuse to treat, or shall allege that the Grounds which it

is proposed to occupy by the Road are such as cannot be purchased or taken pursuant to the Powers hereby given; in any of thefeCafes, the Propriety of going through such Grounds, and the Amount of the Value of Damages, shall be ascertained by a Jury to be called by the Sheriff Depute of Rojs or Cromarty, or his Substitutes, who upon Application are hereby authorised and required to summon a Number of discreet and substantial Persons, being Owners and Occupiers of Land, entitled to be Commissioners of Supply within the said County, not less than Twenty-two in Number, to come and appear before him or them at such Time and Place, as by their Warrant and Precept shall be directed.

Intimation of Ten Days being given by the Trustees of such Appointment to the Party or Parties concerned, or to his, her, or their Agent, and the Number of Persons who shall attend, shall then be reduced to Eleven, by the Trustees and the Proprietor striking off One alternately, beginning on the Part of the Proprietor, or in case both Parties shall fail to appear, by the Sheriff striking off until the Number be so reduced, and the remaining Eleven, being duly sworn, the Sheriff shall proceed to examine upon Oath, in their Presence, such Witnesses as shall be summoned by either Party, and upon their Deposition and other competent Evidence, such Jury shall determine, not only the Propriety of the proposed Widening, or Alteration, but also the Value or Damages to be paid by the said Trustees; and their Verdict shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, without any Power of Appeal, Review, or Suspension whatsoever: And the Sheriff shall thereupon order Payment to be made of the Sums awarded by the Jury; and the Owners and Occupiers of the Grounds, or other Subjects, or their Trustees, Tutors,

Curators, or Administrators, upon Payment or lawful Tender thereof, shall quietly permit and suffer the said Trustees to take Possession of the Grounds or other Subjects, which they are authorized to do, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Owners or Occupiers had executed regular Dispositions of the fame, and thereupon In-feoffment had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriffs Depute or their Substitutes shall be final, and not removeable Or questionable to or by any other Court whatsoever, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That in the Event Expences of that such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall l"ry. have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers

shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees, and on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, provided always th in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees: Provided also.

172

Reinvesting Purchase Monies if amounting t sool.

If left than 200I. and exceeding aol.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

also, That after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses for the Purposes of this Act and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees, on pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, taken, or used determined by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt, or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages Handing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes j or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined, and capable of raking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages !o hereby directed to be purchased, in calc such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall beless than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators,

t

V

It

it.

it-

ail

d

td,

It-

»ia

nor

'tit

Re i, or au>

W*

titled rirre :ud lourt i hi eh

like is ibe

haiicdi cn of

ini is

laid bf lor tie Last 12&

rna

r4*

jj

it la#

;32

rest

4>° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 173

tors, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Perform making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo- Under 20I. ney, so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, ir. such Manner as the said Trullees, or any Two or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons [n case of to whom any Sum or Sums of. Money shall be awarded for the Purchase not making of Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of this out Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Ba'nk of Scotland; or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons, making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or other wise, as to the fame Court shall feern meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to their respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just 2nd reasonable, and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money, into the Bank as aforesaid.

[Lof. £? Per.] X x

174

WhereQacf-tions aril'e touching the Title.

Expences in case of Disability.

Widening the Roads

through un-

indofed

Ground.

And through

indofed

Ground.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully intitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disabilityor Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLV. And be it enacted, That where any Road shall run through un-inclosed Ground, or which is inclosed on one Side of the Road only, it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees, at any Meeting of the respective Districts, to cause the same to be widened to the Breadth of Thirty Feet, without any Recompence from the Trustees, and without Prejudice to their widening the same to Forty Feet, if necessary, (upon Payment of the Ground taken beyond the said Thirty Feet), and where such Widening shall be of a Road running through Ground Inclosed on one Side, the additional Breadth shall be taken off the unia-dosed Ground; and the Proprietor of the inclosed Ground, shall be obliged to pay the Proprietor of the uninclosed Ground, One Half of the Value of the Ground beyond Twenty-five Feet, and not exceeding Thirty Feet, taken off the uninclosed Property, as the same shall be ascertained by any Three, or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their Quarter Sessions assembled.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where a Road shall pass through Ground inclosed on both Sides, and where there shall not have been left a Space of Twenty Feet clear for the Road, the Trustees shall have Power to order One of the Lines of Inclosure to be pulled down, so as to give the Road the necessary Breadth of Twenty Feet clear of

Ditches,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 175

Ditches, without being made liable to any Expence for so doing, excepting the rebuilding the Dike so pulled down, at the Expence of the District, if such Dike shall have been built, previous to the passing of this Act, but in case the Dike shall have been erected subsequent to the passing of this Act, then the Inclosure shall be rebuilt at the Expence of the Proprietor who shall have made the Encroachment on the Publick Highway.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in case the Courfeofany of the said Old Road Roads shall be altered, or widened, as aforesaid, the said Trustees in to be sold, their District Meetings, shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as soon as the said New Roads shall be completed and made passable and convenient for Carriages, to cause to be valued the Old Roads, and dispose of and fell the Grounds comprized in, or through which the said Old or former Road did lead, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Ground, through which the said Old Road did pass, having always an Offer thereof, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied and disposed of, for the mending of the said Roads; and the Sale and Conveyance, or Conveyances, to be made of such Lands and Grounds, comprized in the said Old Road, being executed, by the Prefes of the said Trustees, in their District Meeting, shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatever: Provided always that the said Trustees, before they shall fell and difpbfe of any Lands, or Buildings, shall first offer to re-sell the same, to the Person er Personsfroin whom they shall have purchased such Lands, or Buildings^ and in case such Person or Persons shall not then, and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made, and Tworn before One of His Majesty's justices of the Peace for the County, where such Lands or Buildings shall lie, by some Person or Persons, no ways interestedin the said Lands, or Buildings, dating that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons, to whom the fame was so offered, shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof, that such Offer was made, atld was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to sch&nv it was madej as the Case may be.

tS

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Forgetting Surveyor, or Overseers of the said Roads, and such Persons, as he, or they M«etul», shall appoint, by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees of .<5

gbe said Districts, to dig, gather, take, and carry away any Gravel, Turf,

Heath, Sand, Stones, and other Materials, for making and repairing the said Roads, out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons,

(not being the Ground whereon any Houses (land, the Side Walls of

which arc Eight Feet high, nor any Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted

Walk or Walks, Lawn, or any Avenue to any Eloiife, or any Piecb for

Parcel of Ground, set apart and used as a Nursery for Trees, except such; m!,-

Gravel Pits as have been opened, and used for the Purpose of fepSiring

the Roads, within Three Years, previous to the passing of this Act,)

where such Materials are, or may be found, arid from Time to Time,

cause the same to be carried away, or so much thereof as the said

Surveyor or Overseer shall judge necessary, for making, fepairtWg,

and mending the Roads aforesaid, paying only the Damage done to

the Owners or Occupiers of the said Grounds respectively, where,

and

176

Notice thereof to be given.

Damages to be ascertain-td by a J ary.

Trafteei rot

personally

liable.

In repairing the great ?oft Road.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and taken away, or over which the same shall be carried.

XLTX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, quarry, take, and carry away Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until either the Consent of the Proprietor is obtained, or Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises, from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace, acting for the Counties of Ross or Cromarty, (as the Case may be,) to shew cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds j and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Person to dig, gather, quarry, take and carry away such Materials, at such Price or Prices, as to such Trustees or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself, or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier, or his Agent had attended.

L. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes, where the Owners and Occu piers of Houses and Grounds, do not agree with the Trustees concerning the Amount of Damages done, for digging Gravel and other Materials necessary to be taken for the making, and repairing the said Roads, the same shall be determined by a Jury, in Manner herein before mentioned; but such Differences between the Trustees, and Owners or Occupiers, shall not in the mean Time hinder the proceeding with the carrying off, and using any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials, and applying the same towards making and repairing the said Roads; and the Determination of the said Jury is hereby declared to be final.

LI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be individually or personally bound, otherwise than by his own positive Obligation, for any Money borrowed, or other Obligation incurred in the View of forwarding the Purposes of this Act; saving and reserving always the* Obligation to pay the several Assessments which may be made under the Authority of this Act.

LII. And whereas it is expedient that the Great Poll Road, ieading from the Confines of the County of Ivverness, near the River Blauly, through the Shire of Ro/s, to the Confines of the Shire of Sutherland at. the Meikle Ferry, or other Passage into the said Shire of Sutherland, at or near the Ferry of Portinleek, should be.made Turnpike: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Trustees appointed by this Act, Five of whom shall be a Quorum, to erect, or cause to be erected such Number of Turnpike Gates on, or across, or at the Side or Sides of the said Road, as they shall deem necessary, but --a not

177

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

not nearer to each other than Six Measured Miles; and also such Number of Toll-houses as they shall think fit, with such Portion of Ground as they shall think necessary, for the Use of the several Toll-bar Keepers thereof, not exceeding Half" an Acre to each Toll-house, and to appoint a Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, Collector, and other Officers for the due Execution of so much of this Act as relates to the said Post Road, and to remove any of them when the said Trustees shall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead.

LIII. And be it enacted, That so soon as a Portion of Six Measured Forerefiing Miles, or more, of the said Road shall be well and effectually made, it Turnpikes shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to erect One Toll-bar, Toll?^1^ with a Toll-hou(e and Accommodation for the Toll-bar Keeper, and to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken the Tolls and Duties following, at such Toll-bar so erected, before any Coach,

Charior, Berlin, Landau, Curricle, Calalh, Chaise, Waggon, Cart,

Sledge, or other Carriage whatever, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Cattle whatsoever shall pass through the fame; that is to say, for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Curricle, Calalh, Chaise, Chair, or Hearse, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horfps, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Ope Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Nine-pence Sterling: For every Waggon, Wain, or Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, ihe Sum of Four-pence Sterling: For every Horse, Mare,

Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden, or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling; for every Drove of Horses, or Fillies unfliod, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so on in proportion for any greater or Jcfs Number: For every

Drove of Oxen, or Neat Cartle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so on in proportion for any greater or less Number; and for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Hogs, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling per Score, and so on in proportion lor every greater or Id's Number.

IIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Tarnp;jce.s Trustees to erect such further Number of Toll-bars as they, at a General not to be Meeting of the Trustees of the County of Ro/s, shall deem expedient nearer than and necessary, when they shall effectually have made a further Portion fix M, Ies-of the said Line of Road, extending at lead to Six or more Mea* lured Miles of Road, or completed the whole Road, at such Places as they may be deemed most expedient, but never nearer than within Six Measured Miles of each other, with Toll-houses and Ac-

[Lsr. ft? Per.] Ty commodation

17$ 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

commodation for the Toll-bar Keepers; and the said Trustees shall and may demand or take, or cause to be demanded or taken, at each of the Toll-bars, or Gates they shall have so erected, the Rates of Toll before specified for each Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ais which shall pass through any of the said Toll-bars or Gates, so that the Rate of Toll collected at any such Toll-bar, or Gate, shall be uniformly the fame at every Toll-bar, or Gate.

Toll to be paid but once a Day.

LV. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons having Occasion to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, and who shall return the same Day through the fame Turnpike, or Turnpikes, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Coach, or other Carriage drawn by the fame Horses, or with the fame Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, shall be liable or compelled to pay the said Tolls or Duties more than once, but shall on demand be furnished with a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of the Toll, or Duty paid by such Person or Personsr, which Note or Ticker, Notes or Tickets, shall enable the said Person or Persons returning the same Day, as aforesaid, to repass the said Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll free.

Preventing

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons hav-the diipoiing ing paid the Tolls, or Duties, by this Act imposed, and having a Note of Tickets. or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment thereof, shall give or dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons, in order to enable such Person or Persons to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls or Duties, every such Person so giving or disposing thereof, and the Person receiving the fame, being convicted thereof upon Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his own Confedion, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or where the Offender shall reside, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied and recove! ed in Manner hereinafter directed.

Preventing LVJ1. And be it further enacted, That if any Person occupying any private Paf- Lands, or other Premises near to the said Roads, shall alfift or be ac-lages' cessary in permitting any Person to pass over the fame, or through any Gate or Passage, with any Horse, Beast, or Carriage liable to pay l oll by virtue of this Act, or shall connive thereat, or if any Person shall forcibly pats through, or assist any Person in passing through any Turnpike Gate erected, or to be erected on the said Roads, whereby the Payment of such Toll may be evaded, such Person so permitting or conniving at, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Horse, Bead, or Carriage through such Grounds or private Passage, and any Person or Persons riding or driving any Horse, Beast, or Carriage, through any private Road, whereby the Payment of the Toll may be avoided, or forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate, being convicted thereof by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before the Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Ross or Cromarty, or of any of the adjoining Counties, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

4)° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 179

LVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nd Ettmptio«. Toll shall bedemanded for, and in respect of Carriages, Horses, or Cattle employed in carrying Materials for making and repairing Roads,

Bridges, and Toll-Houses in the said County, or Cattle, Horses, or Carriages, laden or unladen, passing from one Part of a Farm to another contiguous Part thereto, or laden with Implements of Husbandry, or returning empty after carrying the fame, or carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of Religious Worship, belonging to, or ficuated within the Parish where such Person resides, on a Sunday> or any other Day, on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ■, or Horses, or Carriages carrying any Person or Persons attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die, and be buried within the Parish; or carrying any Clergyman going to, or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for Horses, or Cattle, going to, or returning from, their usual Places of Pasture, or Watering, or going to Smithies for the Purpose of heing shod, or cured, or returning therefrom, or for Horses or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails, or Exprefies, under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-Malter-General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers, who are upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers; or in conveying any wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horses, furnished by, or for any Persons, belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to, or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise: Provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps, respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for Carts and Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with Vagrants, fenc with legal Passes; and if any Person shall claim, or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions, aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person, being convicted thereof, upon Oath, by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his own Confession, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or where the Offender shall reside, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

LIX. And be it enacted, that if any Person or Persons shall neglect. For levying orrefufe to pay, the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, the said Trustees the Tolls, are hereby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons, as they shall authorize and appoint, to levy each and every of the said Tolls and Duties by Distress and Sale of any Horse, or other Cattle, or Carriages, upon which such Tolls and Duties are by this Act imposed, or the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements, of any such Horse or Cattle, or any of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons neglecting orrefufing-so pay the fame, and to detain such Horse, or other Cattle, or Carriage, or other Goods or Chattels so distrained, until the said Tolls, with reasonable Charges of such Distress shall be paid:

iBo 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

and it shall, and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, so distraining, after the Space of Four Days, after such Distress Hull be made, to appraise and fell the Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, or other Goods or Chattels, so distrained, by Public Auction, at the Turnpike or Toll-house, where the Toll ought to have been paid; returning the Overplus, (if any be,) to the Proprietors of such Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, or other Goods or Chattels, so distrained, after deducting such Toll or Duty, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, appraising and felling the same.

Tolls may

LX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are be reduced, hereby empowered, to diminish or lessen the said Tolls or Duties, here--by granted, as they shall see cause; and again, to raise the fame, as they shall think proper, to any Sum not exceeding the Tolls and Duties hereby granted. And further, that the said Trustees shall have Power to erect Side Bars, wherever they shall consider the fame necessary for the Purpose of preventing Evafton of the Tolls hereby granted.

Tolls maybe

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they let. are hereby empowered by Public Auction to let the said Tolls or Duties

hereby granted, in whole, or in Lots, or Parcels, from Time to Time, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rate or Ratea that can be obtained for the fame, to such Person or Persons 3S shall give good and sufficient Security for Payment of the Sums for which the Tolls shall be so let, in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Trustees.

Appoint.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ment of and for the said Trustees, to choose and appoint a fit Person or Persons

Officers. to be Treasurer for receiving the Tolls or Duties, granted and made

payable, by this Act; and also a Clerk, or such other Officers, as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time, to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall see occasion, and appoint new ones in case of Removal or Death j And all and every Person or Persons, who is, are, or shall be liable, by this Act, to pay the said Tolls, or Duties, are hereby required to pay the same to the said Treasurer, or the Person to be, from Time to Time appointedunder him for that Purpose; and the said Trustees may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the Monies arising from the said Tolls or Duties, to make such Allowances to the several Officers by them appointed, as they shall think fit.

Treasurer to

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall take security for give Secu- such Treasurer, or Clerk, as the said Trustees shall think sufficient, for the due Execution of their respective Offices.

Application

LXIV. And be it enacted, That the Sum arising from the said Toils, of Tolls. shall be applied for keeping in repair the Roads and Bridges, upon the whole Line above described, subject to the Management and Controul of the Trustees, at their Annual General Meeting, who shall appropriate such Part of the Sums thence arising to the Use of each Dilirict through which the Road does pass, as may be deemed sufficient for the Purpose} and for the Application for the Sums so appropriated, the

Trustees

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 481

Trustees of the District through which the Road does pass, shall be respectively answerable; and they shall, at the Annual General Meeting of the County, exhibit a regular Account of the Money so received, of the Road made and repaired, and of the Cost or Expence thereof; and the Trustees of the District through which the said Turnpike Road passes, shall respectively prepare and make up, a Report of the State thereof, within their respective Districts, with an Estimate of the Expence of such Repairs as may be wanted, when the Trustees assembled shall take such Report and Application into their Consideration, and determine thereupon, as to them shall seem meet, and may appoint a Committee or Committees of Superintendance from amongst themselves, to fee that the Works proposed are properly carried into Execution: and when the Trustees so assembled shall order a Sum of Money to be paid to any Committee of Superintendance, for any such Repairs, such Order shall be a sufficient Warrant to the Treasurer for making such Payment accordingly.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall F maliciously break down or otherwise injure any Turnpike Gate, Port,

Chain, Rail, or Bar, or any House erected for the Use of such Turn- *, M

pikes, or any of the said Bridges, or any Parapet Wall, Railing, or Fence, on the Sides of the said Road, or Bridges, or shall mal-tr.eat any of the Toll-Gatherers, or Persons employed, in making, and repairing the said Roads, or shall be aiding and assisting thereto, or shall forcibly pass through, or aflilt any Person in forcibly passing through any Turnpike-Gate, or shall refeue any Person, in Custody for the said Offences, or any of them, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any Prosecution ordered by the faitj Trustees, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his own Confection before any One, or more of the Justices of the Peace, of the said County of Ro/s, or where the Offender shall reside, shall not only forfeit and pay double the Damage and Expences sustained, or that may be incurred by such Offence, but shall also be subject and liable to pay, a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, preveBt;,» shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Evasion of or Florfes, Mares, or Geldings, from any Coach, Chaise, Chair, Tolls. Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calash, or Hearse, or any Horse or Florfes, Ox, or Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, before the same shall come to any of the Turnpike Gates, erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid paying any l olls, or Duties hereby imposed, each, and every Person or Penons lo offending, in any of the Cafes aforesaid and being thereof convicted by the Oath of any-one or more credible Witness, or Witnesses, or his, or their own Confection before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Ross, or where the Offender shall reside, shall' forfeit and pay, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause Ercfling the said Post Road, as well as the other Roads, to be made and repaired Mile Stoner, by virtue of this Act, to be measured, and Stones, or Ports to be erected

182

preventing Annoyances.

Treel, Src. to be drawn on Wheel Carriages.

Hogs net to run loose on the Roads.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

thereon, or near the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance of each Mile, or such other Distance as they shall judge convenient, and may also cause Guide-polls to beerested, where necessary; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, destroy, damage, pull up, or remove any such Stones, or Pods, or obliterate or deface any Letters or Figures that shall be inscribeJ or put thereon, or shall break down the Cape Stones, or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges on the said Roads, ol turn any Stream of Water upon any of the said Roads unless a sufficient covered orarched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made under the fame, or fit all be aiding oraffifting therein, or shall refeue, or attempt to refeue any Person apprehended for any such Gfftnce, any Person cffendingin any of the Particulars aforesaid, who dial 1 he thereof eonvifled, by the Oath, or ConfelTion of the Party offending, or of One or more credible Witness, or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said CouncyofiJa/r, or where the Offender shall reside, such Person or Persons, so offending, shall respectively not only forfeit and pay double the Damage and Exoences sustained, or that may be incurred by such Offence, but shall also be subject and liable to pay a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, for every such Offence.

LXVIII. And, That for preventing Annoyances in the said Great Pod Road, and the said other Roads, to be made and repaired by virtue of this Act, Be it enacted, chat from and after the passing of this Act, every Person in ploughing any Field contiguous to any of the said Roads, shall always make Head Ridges along the Side of the said Roads, of the Breadth of Eighteen Feet ac lead, and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any of the said Roads, shall open inwards to the Field, 'and no Person or Persons whatever, shall lay any dead Horle, or other Carrion upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of the Roads, or Dung, Lime, Soil, or Compost or Matter whatever, either for manuring Lands, or any other Purpose, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yards of the Sides (unless within a Fence,) of any Part of the said Roads, under the Penalty of Ten Shillings Sterling, for each Offence, and the said Dung, or other Matter may be removed and sold by an Order in Writing from any Two or more of the said Trustees, they paying the Value to the Owner or Owners thereof after deducting the Penalty and the Expences of removing and felling the same.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That if, after the passing of this Atff, any Person or Persons, shall hawl, or draw, or cause to be bawled, or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Pieceof Timber, or any Stone, Iron, Plough, Harrow, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than on a Wheeled Carriage, or shall suffer any Tree or other Matter whatsoever, which can be conveyed on a Wheeled Carriage, to be dragged upon any Parc of the said Roads, or use any Sledge to draw weighty Substances, or other Carriage without Wheels, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be jecovered and levied as herein directed.

LXX. And be it enacted, That if Hogs, Swine, Horses, Mules, Asses, Cattle, or Sheep, shall be permitted to run loose, on the said Roads, or are tethered on them, or the Edges of the said Roads,

they

4-7° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

they shall be considered as a Nuisance, and the Owner shall be liable in a Penalty of Ten Shillings Sterling, for each Time they are so found at large, or tethered on any of the said Roads, to be recovered summa-ri!y by Application to the next Justiceol Peace, on Proof of the Fact,

LXXI. And be it enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted, or authorized to be imposed, in relation to any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherways particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offence, before Two or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff Depute of either of the said Counties, or his Substitute, either by the Conf'eflion of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party offending, by Warrant under the Hands of Two Justices, or the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, (which Warrant is hereby authoril’ed and required to be granted, and Oaths administered by the said Justices, or Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, gratis,) such Sale being always made by Public Auction, to the highest Offerer, at such Places as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within Three Days after such Distress shall have been made; and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale (after the Penalties and Forfeitures are recovered, and the Charges thereof deducted), shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the said Trustees, or their Collectors for the Time being, and shall belaid out and applied in repairing such of the Roads upon or in respect whereof such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be incurred; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forleitures and Penalties shall not forthwith be paid, or sufficient Security given for the fame, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the Peace, or for the Sheriff Depute of either of the said Counties, or his Substitute, together with One Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause such Offenders to be committed to any House of Correction, or Common Gaol in the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, or Forfeitures, and reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and fadsfied.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That ifany Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any of the Proceedings in the Execution of this Act, for which no particular Method of Relief has been hereby provided, such Person or Persons may, within Four Months after the Matter complained of shall be done (but not afterwards), appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions for the County within which the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing first giving Fifteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal to the Clerk of the said Trustees, and also to the Clerk of the said Justices of the Peace, and lodging with him, at the Time of the said Appeal, a Recognizance or Obligation, in Writing, to prosecute the fame, also giving legal Notice thereof to the Defender, or Defenders; and the said Justices of the Peace, on Proof of such Notice having been given and Recognizances entered into, are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of such Complaints and Appeals, and to make such Determination therein as they shall think proper, and such Determination shall be final.

*83

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Appeal.

184

Espences of the Act.

Limitation of Actions.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Concinuance thereof.

4;0 GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

LX XII I. And be it enacted, That the First General Meeting of Trustees, being Commissioners of Supply,which shall be held after the passing of this Act, they shall have Powers to alfels the whole Heriots of the Counties of Ro/s and Cromarty, and of the Estate of Ferrintosh, who are in the Actual Possession as Proprietors, Life-renters, or proper Wadfetters of the Dominium Utile, conformably and in proportion to their several Valued Rents, for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing the present Act, and that such Assessment (hiall be levied and recovered by the Collector of the Land-Tax of the County of Ro/s, in the same Manner as the Land-Tax is or may be recovered; and such and the like Remedy, Poweis, Penalties, and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recovery of that Assessment, as is given or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of the Land-Tax.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, until Ten Days’ Notice thereof, in Writing, shall hive been given to the Clerk of Supply of the said County, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or aTender thereof Imh been made, to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor Four Calendar Months after the Fad: committed', and every such Action shall be brought before the Court or ession, in Scotland, and the Defender or Defenders, in such Action, or Suit, shall, and may deny the Libel, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act, and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action and Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited, for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Ten Days Notice thereof, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made, or tendered, as aforesaid, that then the Defender or Defenders shall be afibilzied; or if the Action shall be found to be irrelevant, or be otherwise dismissed, or the Purfuer shall not prosecute the Action, or suffer the same to fall asleep, or if Judgment shall be given against the Pursuer or Purifiers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Calls of Suit in any ether Cafe.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of, as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act Hiall commence from and after the passing thereof, and so much thereof as relates to the Turnpikes, to be erected by virtue thereof, and the Tolls and Duties thereby granted shall continue and endure for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and forr uch of this Act, as relates to the Conversion of Lhe Satute Labour shall continue and endure as long as the Statute Labour shall be by Law exigible in lieu of which such Conversion is hereby authorized to be levied.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre, and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 14.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritenci thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick.

[9th April 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritend thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick, which said Act hath been found useful and beneficial; but the fame is in some Respects defective and insufficient fully to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the necessary Support and Protection of useful Credit, within the said Town or Parish of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritend, if the Powers of the Court of Requests, constituted by the said recited Act of Parliament, were extended to the Recovery of Small Debts not exceeding Five Pounds, and if the Number of the Commissioners of the said Court were increased, and the Method of electing Commissioners were altered: And whereas it would be attended with very beneficial Kffefts to the Publick, if certain Debts, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds were recoverable in the said Court: May it therefore please Your Majesty [Lee. £s* Per.~\ 3 A that

186

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, as confine or restrain the Cognizance or Jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the said Town of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritend, to Debts not amounting to Forty Shillings, and also such Part and Parts of the said Act as relate to the summoning, appointing, displacing, or removing of Commissioners, to put the said Act in Execution, shall, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, be and the same are hereby repealed.

Commission-

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Commissioners ers acting un- who have been nominated and appointed in the Manner directed by the ci'ecLAa" said rec"e<^ Act, an£l w take and subscribe the Oath herein-after and additional mentioned, shall be Commissioners for putting the said recited Act and Commission- this Act in Execution; and that James Alston, Samuel Allen, Joftph Blunt eri herein Junior, William Blakeway, William Bullock, John Cope, John Cox, Thomas beCommif- Button, John Dudley, Vincent Eagle, John Edwards, John Free, Alexander iioners for Forrcft, John Fuller, Thomas Grundy, John Dymeck Griffith, John Greerjill, executing this James Geafi, William Elamper, Richard Lawrence, William Henry OJborn, Act- Henry Perkins, Joseph Phipfon, Thomas Phipfon, John Parker, Thomas

Potts, Thomas Richards, Theophilus Richards, John Rotton, Charles Rotherham, John St art in, Henry Thomas, William Walker, Alexander Walker, Samuel Walker, William Warner, Wiliam Wilkes, John Webb, William Weston, and Samuel Ward, shall be and are hereby appointed and declared additional Commissioners for putting the said recited Act and this Act in all respects in Execution; and that they the said Commissior.ers, and every Commissioner from Time to Time to be elected and appointed in Manner herein mentioned, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to decide and determine all Disputes and Differences between Party and Party, for Debts re- any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Actions or causes of Debt, coverable by whether such Debt shall larife on any Promissory Note or Inland Bill of this Act. Exchange, or for Rent upon Leases, Articles, Minutes, and in all causes of AJfumpjit and infmul Computajfer, and in all causes or Actions of Trover and Conversion, and in ali causes and Returns founded on a Quantum Meruit, and in all causes or Actions of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

This Act not

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act, or any to extend to Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt where any Title of certain Debt*. freejloi<j} or Lease fur Y’ears of any Lands or Tenements, shall come in Question, nor to any Debt that Ural 1 arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said Town or Parish of Bit ruing hum, and Hamlet of Deritend, or by reason of any Caule concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts, or for or concerning any Agreement by Way of Composition for or by Way of Retainer of , Ty;bes, nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by Means of any Jrlorfe. Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor to any Debt. which- there has not been a Contraft, Acknowledgement,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

ment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay within Six Years before the taking out of the Summons, although the fame respectively shall nor exceed Five Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of the said Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or concerned or interested in any Cause, Action, or Matter depending in the said Court, such Commissioner shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner on the hearing or determining such Cause, Action, or Matter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but such Commissioner, after being heard in such Cause, Action, or Mat ter, shall withdraw until the fame is finally determined; and if either of the Clerks, or his Deputy or other Officer of the said Court for the Time being, shall be a Party, or interested in any Cause, Action, or Matter, depending in the said Court, such Clerk, Deputy or other Officer, shall not exercise his said Office in such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners forming the said Court shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk or Deputy, or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause, Action, or Matter.

V. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time, on the Death, Incapacity, or Refusal to act of any of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, or of any Commissioner hereinbefore particularly named, or of any of their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-afrer mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, and the Survivors of the Commissioners appointed under or by virtue of this Act, to meet at the Place where the said Court is usually held, at some convenient Time to be fixed upon for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and which Meeting shall be notified to every Commissioner who shall have qualified himself to act as herein-after mentioned, by a Notice to be delivered to him, or left at his Dv. elling House Four Days before the said Day of Meeting; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, shall and may elect and appoint a proper Person to be a Commissioner in the Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, becoming incapable, or refusing to act; and every such Commissioner so elected shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners already appointed, and to be appointed as aforesaid, or any or either of them, shall not be capable of acting as Commissioners or a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authoiities given by this Act, or by the said recited Act, after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, until they and he respectively shall have taken an°Oath to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the Persons called Quakers, do ‘ * solemnly affiimj, That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially, ‘ according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, execute the several * Powers and Trusts reposed in me as a Commissioner of the Court of

‘ Requests,

Commissioners not to fit when they arc interested.

How new Commissioners may be chosen.

Commissioners not to att until they have taken the following

Oath.

Oath,

188

Clerk or Deputy to administer the Oath.

Qualification of Commissioners.

Act of Commissioner8

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

f Requests in and for the Town or Parish of Birmingham, and Hamlet ‘ of Deritend thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick, conformably

* to the Directions, true Intent, and Meaning of an Act, passed in the

* Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the ‘ Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small ‘ Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritend thereto ‘ adjoining, in the County of Warwick, and of an Act passed in the Forty-‘ seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

* intituled. An A(l \here Jet forth the Title of this Act\, or conformably ‘ to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of such or so much of the fame Two Acts as now are or is in force, and that without Favour

* or Affection, Prejudice or Malice; and also that I am a Householder, ‘ or carry on Trade within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and that I

* am possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or ‘ of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all ‘ Charges or Incumbrances whatsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath shall be in lieu and stead of the Oath mentioned or prescribed to be taken by a Commissioner in the said recited Act; and which said Oath, herein-before mentioned or contained, one of the Clerks of the said Court for the Time being, or their or his sufficient Deputy, is hereby empowered and required to administer; and they the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required, after taking the said Oath, to sign or subscribe their respective Names upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, or in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath written or printed therein; and such Roll or Rolls, or Book, shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a Householder, or shall carry on Trade within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and be possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence (over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and if shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and

effectual

189

47° GEORGII m. Cap. 1^.

effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner, named or Commission-appointed by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall neglect or ers required reful'e to qualify himself for acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, by taking and subscribing the Oath iWO herein-before mentioned, within Two Years from the passing of this Act, or if any Person hereafter to be elected and chosen a Commissioner shall neglect or refute to qualify himself for acting in the Execution of this Act, within Two Years next after he shall have been so elected and chosen, such Commissioner so neglecting or refuting shall from thenceforth be disqualified, and be incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the remaining Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to elect One other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of every Person so neglecting or refilling to qualify or aft as last aforesaid; and if any Person so neglecting or refusing to qualify or aft shall presume to act contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every Person so offending, in each of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the like Sum as is herein-before directed to be forfeited in case of any Person presuming to act, not being qualified, to be recovered, paid, and appl ed in like Manner as such Forfeiture or Penalty herein-before mentioned is directed to be recovered, paid, and applied.

ir. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, Persons be-so becoming disqualified, shall at any Time thereafter be desirous of being C0r!S dlU re-elected on any subsequenc Vacancy, it shall be lawful for the Commii- ^"ae^ie|e^ay froners for the Time being again to elect and chuse him to be a Com- be re elected missioner, subject nevertheless to the several Restrictions aforesaid. Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That each of the Clerks, and the Officers ap-Beadle, duly elected and chosen under and by virtue of the said recited P°>nte<1 by Act, shall remain and continue to be such Clerks and Beadle of the said <^fnrue to Court of Requells for the Execution of the Purposes in the said recited Act and this Act contained; and it shall be lawful for either of the said Clerks, from Time to Time, to appoint a proper and sufficiertt-Deputy to act and officiate for him in the Duties of the said Place or Office.

XL And, for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court, be it Time of beats, further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said ingCauses. Court, or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Cause or causes, to be heard or determined by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant 01 Defendants, Witness or Witnesses, in the said Court, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Courr, save and except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon.

190

Debtors to be summoned before the Commissioners, who may-make Orders between the Parties as they think fit.

By Inltal-ment» or otherwise.

Orders and Proceedings to be regil-terei.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (whether furh Person or Persons shall rtlirie within the Jurisdiction of the Paid Court or not), having any Debt or Debts on the Balance of Account, or in respect of Wages, Kent, or Arrears of Rent, or otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or owing to him, her, <v them, in his, her, or their own Kighr, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executor or Administrator, Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, or due or owing to him as High Bailiff, Constable, or other Officer to any Body Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society, duly aflfociated and constituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever not expressly prohibited by this Act, by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said Town or Parish of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritend, or keeping or using any House, Coach House, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or using or frequenting the Markets there, or working or seeking a Livelihood, or in any Way trading or dealing within the same, to cause such Debtor or Debtors as aforesaid to be warned or summoned by personal Service, or by a primed or written Summons left at the Dwelling House or lait Place of Abode, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or any other Place of dealing of such Debtor or Debtors, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court at such Time and Place, Times and Places, in such Manner, and under and subject to such and the fame Powers, Process, and Method of Proceeding, Orders, Judgements, Decrees, and Executions, not herein and hereby altered and amended, as are mentioned, expressed, marked, and declared in and by the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and that as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted; and upon due Proof of such Summons having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners present in Court (the Number of such Commissioners pre-feut not being lei's than by this Act directed) are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning fuel: Debts, Demands, or Plaints, and make such Order or Orders, Decree or Decrees therein, and pass such final Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit as to them shall seem mod agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and they-are also hereby empowered to order and direct the Payment of any such Debts to be made either in One Sum at once, or by Instalments at Hated Periods, as they shall see Cause and deem just and reasonable; all which Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Proceedings so to be made, shall be registered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk ot Clerks of the said Court, his or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, as they have been accustomed to be; and as well the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, as the Debtor or Debtors, whom such Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Proceedings, shall reflectively concern, shall observe, pertorm, and keep the fame respectively in all Points; and no such Orders, Decrees, Judgements, or Proceedings, shall be removed or removable into any other Court by Certiorari, or otherwise, except for the Purpose of enforcing and carrying into Effect such Order, Decree, ot Judgement.

47° GEORGII III.' Cap. 14. j9*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Officers of and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit mon’wit. or Cause hereafter depending in the said Court of Requests, to cause any ne(fe8_ Person or Persons, as well residing within the Jurisdiction of this Court

as elsewhere, to be warned or summoned as often as shall appear necessary by the Beadle or Oilicer of the said Court, either by serving such Summons personally. or by leaving the fame at the last or usual Place or respective Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, to appear as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence in the said Court in or concerning any Suit or Cause; and in case any such Person or Persons so to be sum- Witnesses not moned to give Evidence as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to appear at *PrP/f"11f0°r the Time and Place to which he, she, or they shall be so summoned, or Evi-appearing upon any such Summons shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, deuce, to for-or in case of a Quaker or Quakers on solemn Affirmation (which Oath kit Fifty or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, are b 1 ns*: hereby authorized and required to administer), and to give Evidence as aforesaid before such Commissioners, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in either of the said Cafes every such Person so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings, to be awarded by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, unless a reasonable Excuse be offered to and allowed by the said Commissioners; and if the and in default Person or Persons so offending shall not forthwith pay into the said Court comi"1 the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall ra;tte(j. and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners; or any Three or more of them, to order and cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended by an Officer of the said Court, and committed to the Gaol or Prison of the Town of Birmingham, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and every such Penalty or Forfeiture as last mentioned, Application as shall be received by virtue of this Act, shall thereupon (after deducing of Penalties, the reasonable Costs and Charges of apprehending and taking such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing) be paid over into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Person or Persons respectively paying the same shall at the Time of his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal to appear or give Evidence as aforesaid, inhabit, dwell, or seek a Livelihood, and shall be applied towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return If Plaintiff of any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at does not a°" any Continuation or Ad|ournment of the said Court, or of the Cause, h^DemamT on account of which such Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff Defendant or Plaintiffs shall not appear either in Person, or by his, her, or their shall have Agent, or fonie other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing Costs-shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become Nonsuited, or Judgement shall be pronounced against him, her, or them, by the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Costs, and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance, as they the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or plaintiffs to pay

192 47° GEORGII III. Qnp. 14.

pay the fame by such Ways or Means as are herein provided for die Recovery-of Debts ordered or- decreed by the {'aid Court.

"Sf.'l*'" %'c fv*i I' •. . . - .• 1; +r\:

-x&V< And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall make Oath, or being of the People called Quakers shall make Affirmation, or give Evidence in any Cause depending in the said Court of Requests, whereby he, she, or they shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, or be guilty of wilful and false affirming, and thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then every such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful Perjury, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm- t

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages, or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, flra.ll be due and owing to any menial Servant, Llerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, AiManr, Labourer, or any other Person whomsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistance, Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such, Debt in the said Court, in the same Manner as. if he or flie were of full Age; and the said Commissioners present in the said Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of, and proceed in all causes concerning such D*ors in the same Manner, and shall have such and the like Powers in regard tuereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

Vfirffy W XVII.' And be it further enacted, That, if. any Action or Suit shall be Courtfor^ALc^tftttieneed-in any other Court than the said Court of Requells,--for any' Debta reco- Dfebc rfot exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and recoverable by virtue verable iu of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, in the said this Court Gdurt of Requests, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs toCofts &c 'n *uc'‘ Action or Suit shall not by reason of a Verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Cods whatsoever j and if; the Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or judges before whom the same shall be tr.td or heifd, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recoil vered in the said Court of Requests, then and so often such Defendant or Defendants ftiaH have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, Persons not her, or their Costs, in any Case by Law: Provided always, that nothing prevented herein contained shall extend* or be construed to extend, to prevent or from recover- reflra[n any Person or Persons from making Distress, or bringing any Kflrefc&c! Action or Actions whatsoever for Rent, and thereby recovering such 1 ’ Rent forth' Costs, although the fame Rent ifagll not exceed the.Sum of

Five Pounds. - i

Persons giving false Evidence to be pun idled for Perjury.

Debts due to Persons under Age may be recovered.

Statute of X.VIII. And,'for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limita-Limitations tions may be pleaded in the said Court of •Requests, if is hereby further inar br ertafted and declared,: That Defendants in that-'Court shall be allowed to pca c ' pjeaff-bt clairti the* Benefit of 'any, Statute of Limitations now in being, or hereafter to bd’made; and every such Defendant so pleading and claiming shall Have'and receive such or the like'Advantage or Relief thereby,

a*

JdUfc TWV’-S vy.','

193

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

21 fuel. Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he or fne had been sued for the fame Debt, or other Cause of Action, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded fuel) Statute in bvr to the Action cr Suit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Actions pot extend, or be corftrued to extend, so as to enable any Plaintiff to lplit cr

ihvide any Cause or Action for Recovery of any Debr, where the whole poieof bnng-

Sutn which shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sunt of Five ing them

Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more before the

Cauffs or Actions, (or the Purpol'e of bringing such Caufts or Actions <"'ourt’

within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to

the said Commissioners that any Plaintiff shall have so split or divided his

or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said

Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to di fin iff with Cofb,

every such Cause or Action so split and divided; but such Dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,

or in such other Manner as he or she may lawfully proceed: Provided WtlieCourt

always, that in ca!e any Plaintiff who shall have so split or divided such may decree

his or her Cause or Action shall be willing to accept such Sum of Money

as the said Court is in and by this Act enabled to adjudge, decree, and if the Plaintiff

pronounce, in full of the Whole of his or her Demand in such Cause or shall be satis-

Action so split or divided, then and in every Lch Cafe the said Commis- bed to receive

lioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce (on such Plaintiff j-Jj

proving his or her Caule or Cafe to the Satisfaction of the said Commis- m1nd«in fucU

fiontiO such Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum ol Five Pounds, Action.

as to the said Commiss/oners shall seem jult and reisonable; and such Sum

shall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commis-

froners, be declared to be, and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands

fom the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Cause or Action so split or

divided.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom- Time of Im-soever shall be committed to any Gaol or Prison, by Order of the said prisonment Court, for any Debt or De^ts, or be kept or continued in Custody on any limited. Pretence whatsoever (except in the Coles herein-after otherwise provided for), for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prion, than is or are next herein-after limited in that Behalf; (that is to say), where the Debt (exclusive of Colts) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the I)eb: (exclusive of Colts) is above Twenty Shi lings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Fotty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of (_ofh) is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colt.-) is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four rounds, then not more tl-.an Flighty Days; and where the Debt (ixclusive of Ccft) is above Four Pounds, and does not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of ', hff, her, or their Commitin nt; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prifoas are hereby directed and requireJ to discharge such Persons accordingly.

[I.oc. 2s5 Per ] 3 C XXI. And

104

If any Debtor conceal Mo-i.cy or Goods,' t:ie Time of hi. Imprisonment shall be enlarged.

J noo’ V

Time of Imprisonment to extend to each Execution.

Process not to i/fue against the Person and Goods of the fame Peri’ons.

De1 ters' rot

liable to pay Gaol Fees.

T,o Juf.ices r' y <kter-

473 G E 0 H G i 1 1 ll. Cap. 14,

XU At: d, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned; t. L'eb" to the said Court'from nauduiently conceal" ng Money, Goods, or Ette>n.s, be it further enacted, That in case upon ihfe Summons of any Pc Ion Tor any Debt or is beior< the Did C urt, Information of any such fraud bleat- Concealment fit all be giver, such Court shall have Power to hear Evidence as to the Fact; anil in case it ilia!I be proved to their SatisieCiioo, upon the Oath of Ode or more credible- Winn fs or Wit-ruhaj (which Oatluthe laid Churc i- h- reby empowered to adtrtitrfter), ■theniand in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to anti f r the said Court.to enlarge the aforesaid Tin e of Iniprdbnment of such Debtor to any Period, in addition thereto, not exceeding T'hrfet Calendar Months:

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafli'g of this Act, all 'and every Person a:;d Per «xns who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Process iffuirg from or out of the said Court of Requests, arid who ar the Time ol being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonm nt, shall have more than One Execution against him, her, of them, in the said Court, he, she, or they, shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each and every Execution; that is to say, after the limited Time is expired on the First Execution, the Imprif >nment shall commence on the Second Execution; and after the limited Time is expired on the Second Execution, the Imprisonment shall commence on the Third Execution; and so on, until he, she, or they so shall have been ifnprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each and eve y separate Execution to be iff ied against him, her, or them, in the said Court, previous to his, her, oi their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment; any Statute, Law, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or Bod es of any Person or Persons in any CTe or Cafes, where the Party eruiiied to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree, fir 1 at cue same Time have obtained any Warrant cr Process against the Goods and Lt.atteis or the same Person or Pctfons.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act, shall, on the Expiration of his or her lime of Imprisonment, be discharged and set at Liberty without a ing any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or hr tuitv whatsoever, to the Keeper or Keepers,- or Turnkey or Turnke s of the said Cla d, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or J)iic barge’Fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever -, and - if any Keeper o* Keepers Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or any other strfbn v.:>on:so:ver, ihatl demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fee , Sum or Sums whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person- or Pcif-ms. fi. committed to his oritheir Charge or Pultody as afore!';,id, , r (halt keep or detain any such 1’srL.n cr K-iiuis r, ptifontr or Priforters -<rtci the ’lime determined by this A cl limited Mr;hie, her, cr Uieir-Ifflpriibntnenrj every i ch Keeper, Turnkey, t^nd other Person, shall for every such Oflcltee torD t and pay the Sum of ..Twenty Pounds j and it Until and may be lawful to and for any Two jjfccet of the Pea-e fop the laid; County of U^rr/.ck to hear and deter-

47° GEORGII HE Cap. 14.

$rd required upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed, (in case fu'ch I formation shall be exhibited, or Complaint made within ! hfee Calendar Months Sifter the Offence committed,) to summon the Party arcufed, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine.into the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the volu tary Conf.ffion of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case fuf-licient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Gaol or House of Coirection for the Town of Birmingham, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged; and One Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to One of the Clerks to the said Commissioners, and the same shall be by the Paid Commissioners tliflributed amongst the Poor of the said Town of Birmingham, or the Hamlet of Deritend, in such Shares- and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

XXV. And whereas it m v happen that Persons served with Process Record of issuing out of the said Court of Requells, may, in order to avoid Exe- Judgement cution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the juris- oleiHntc> diStion of the said Court; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes the superior w here a final Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Coart, and Shillings shall have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be Writs of lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, upon ;puee Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgement being obtained. Sheriff of an/ and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person County, or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having issued against the Person or Persons, or Efftfis (as the Case may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the jurf diction of the said Court (which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits), it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior Court to cause the Recotd of the said Decree or Judgement to be removed into such superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the said Courts at IV.jiminf'er; and the Sheriff, upon every such Execution,

Until and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendant*, until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same cut of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Coifs of the Flair.riff cr Plaintiffs in the Lid Court futfe-

quern

195

196

Fret to bt taken.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

quest to the said Decree or Judgement, and of the Execution in the superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums of Money herein-after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the Clerks and Beadle of the said Court of Requests, for their several and re'peclive Services in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, in lieu and (lead of the Fees and Sums of Money limited and expressed in the Lid recited Act; (that is to lay),

TABLE OF FEES.

CLERKS FEES.

On Debts not exceeding Forty Shillings.

For every Summons -

For every Summons for the Attendance of not more than Two Witnesses -

For calling the Plaintiff or Dtf* ndant before the Court —

For a N nfuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing -

For paying Money into Court -

For every Hearing -

For a Copy of every Order upon a Hearing, and of every Judgement of Nonluit -

For an Execution -

For receiving Money out of Court in part or in full —

For acknowledging Satisfaction in full -

For every Seaich -

For Swearing every Witness -

For giving Notice to the Plaintiff (if required) of the Service of his Execution -

beadle’s fees.

For the Service of every Summons on Defendant —

F.X the Sere ice of a Summons on a Witness —

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court —

For the Service of every Order upon a Hearing, and of every Judgement of Nonsuit -

For levying an Execution on Debts not exceeding Fifteen Shillings -

Above Fifteen Shillings and not exceeding Twenty Shillings -

Above Twenty Shillings and not exceeding Forty Shillings /\bove Forty Shillings and not exceeding Sixty Shillings Above Six'y Shillings and not exceeding Eighty Shillings A'-ove Eighty Shillings —__________— —

Table of F« A Table of which laid Fees shall be hung up by One of the Clerks .>t to be hung up ,[,e f jg Court in fume public's and conspicuous Part of the Court House, in t e curt. or ot|jer pjacc where the said Comtnilliimers shall meet (or the Purposes aforesaid, to the End that all Perl- ns concerned may a: a!! Times fee and read over the same.

On Debts nfcove Forty Shillings.

s. d. i. d.

0 8 I 4

I 0 2 0

0 3 O 6

1 O 2 0

0 6 I O

0 8 I 4

0 6 I O

I O 2 0

0 6 1 ©

0 6 1 O

0 3 0 6

0 3 0 6

I 0 2 0

0 4 0 6

0 4 0 6

0 2 0 3

0 4 0 6

m. Cap. 14. 107

i-tvil. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due WlereDebti and owing, or demanded from Two or more Persons jointly, by Rcaion a due from.: or on.Actount of such Persons being Partners in'1'rade, or otherwise being

jointly concerned, Service of such Summons as aforesaid on any One of Partners, & such Partners or Persons, or left at his, her, or their last usual Place or summoning Places of Abode, Warehouse, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or of t,ie‘n Other Place of dealing, trading, or working, shall be as good and suffi- J"‘"u"u' cient as if each of such Partners or Persons were separately summoned as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or Cotr.mifluxi-rj the major Part of them, at any General Meeting thereof* assembled pur- ers may Ina!c* suant to Notice in Writing for that Purpose to be given by One ofk the

Clerk or Clerks, or his Deputy, to the said Commissioners for the Time Money.0" being, the Number of Commissioners then present not being less than Seven, shall and may and they are hereby empowered and directed to make, ordain, and constitute such Rules and Regulations as to them shall seem meet, for fpcuring the Balances and other Sums of Money belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, in the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy, which at any Time, from and after the passing of this Act, may be by them, or either or any of them received, and for the due accounting for and Application of all such Balances, and other Sums of Money, and also for auditing the Accounts at lead; Once in every Year, and oftener if they shall deem necessary.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by Recovery and virtue of this Act impeded (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof Application-is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered of 1 e°a'tR:5, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant such Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant), upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible-Witrtefs upon Oath, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arijhig by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, tocthe Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting such Fines and Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress, and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein before directed to be otherwise applied; shall be paid to One of the Clerks to the said Commissioners, or his Deputy, and shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the said Town of Birmingham, or the Hamlet of Derilena\ in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think right and proper; and in case such Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under: "

their Hands and Seals, to capfe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol for the said Tow n of Birmingham, there to remain without Bail or Mafnprize for any Time not exceeding '1 nree Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

\Loc. & Per.] 3 D XXX. And

jq8

Limitations of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Said recited Act, except where hereby-repealed, or otherwise provided for, extended to this Act.

Commencement of the

Act.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall he commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, or on Account of any Order, Determination, Judgement, or Decree of any of the said Commissioners, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given in Writing, to be left at the Office of one of the Clerks of the said Court, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the C.ause of Action shall have arisen; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the speciat Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the said Cafes such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cods, in any Cafes by Law: Provided always, that the said recited Act, and all Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as and in such Cases as the same are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, and are not repugnant to any of the Provisions of this Act, continue and be in full Force, and extend to all and every Person and Persons to whom this Act doth or shall extend,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the said Fird Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, and be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majedv. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*t*

Cap. 15.

An Act for enlarging the Churchyard belonging to the Parish of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick y and for providing an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish.

[9th April 1807.]

WHEREAS the Population of the extensive Town of Birmingham has of late Years considerably increased, and the Churchyard or Burial Ground belonging to the Parish Church of Saint Martin, in the said Town, is of very small Extent, and not sufficiently large for the Interment of Persons who die in the said Parish; and it would very much contribute to the Health and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Parish if the present Churchyard was enlarged, and if certain Houses and Buildings furrour.ding the fame were taken, down, and the Ground on which such Houses and Buildings now stand were added thereto; and it is also expedient that an additional Burial Ground should be provided for the Use of the said Parish; but inasmuch as the said useful and necessary Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please your Majesty that it maybe [Laf. £5’ Per.] 3 F enacted j

ao6 47° GEORGII I. III. i f.\

enacted; and be it enacted by the Kind’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords: Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Audiotity ol Tniftets for the fame. That the Rector and Churchwardens of the said Parish Church, executing the of Saint Martin for the Time being, William Walker r Richard Prate bet, John Heely, Joseph Far-or, Edzead Bower, John Duperoy, Henry Parker, John Parker, Thomas Parkes, Thomas Bower, John Sanders, John Dadley, William Steen, Benjamin Fincher, William Slater, Joseph Blunt senior, William Weston, and Vincent Eagle, shall be, and they and thehvSuecessors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they-are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, to T-'J-iiuit .\Vs ol ' loRtri'F dMiVio dv ' . ■<'< ‘ •'•■qqr, i

If Trustees

II. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Trustees named

ortecora^ or aPP°*nte^ by virtue and in pursuance of this Act (except such Persons

disabted'to as are declared to be Trustees by virtue of their Station or Office) shall

aft, hew die, or refuse or be disabled to act or (being Inhabitants)- shall Remove

Trustees m out of the said Parish, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining be appointed. Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any public Meeting to be eipe-cially summoned for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, tb elect, nominate, and appoint some other Person or Persons, being a Parishionei or Parishioners of the said Parish, or being seised of an Estate therein, to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room of each and every Trustee or Trustees so dying, or refusing or being disabled to act, or removing cdt of the said Parish as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so cholen and appdinted shall and may, and is and re hereby authorized and empowered!-to proceed in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full, large, and ample Manner, as the Trusteesherein-before naAied -/and appointed, are by this Act authorized and empowered to do.

,’i5'b; I bait it I' I’’ Lift adi orbisd no yo ?r b od or bsiir-o

Qualification

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That not-nny of Trustees. jJler or Person selling spirituous or fermented Liquors by Retail; shall t .: capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution /ot this Act, nor shall auy Person (other than the Persons entitled to be Trustees by virtue: ef their Offices or Stations, or |.articularly named in this Act) be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, who shall not-town or occupy some Messuag'*, Tenement, or Ground in the said Parish; rated at a Rent of I hirty Pou..ds per Annum or upwards.

Not to act

IV. Provided also. That if any Person appointed a Trustee for the Wfl"finte" Execution of this Act, shall have any Share, or be anyway interested directly or indirect ly, in any Contraft or Work to be done in or about the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, or shall have or enjoy: any beneficial Employment under or by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall, during the Term of such Contraft, or during his Continuance in such Employment, be utterly disabled and disqualified from acting as a Trustee under this Act.

:i?oT/"s •. - . y.r; . . , \[:; v

First Meeting V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may of the Truf- meet together in the Vestry Room, or in any other convenient Place within tcc5, -7 the said Parish, within One Calendar Month next after the passing of this 7 j "7 Act; or as soon alter as conveniently maybe, on publick Notice, to be 7. ...7- signed by the Churchwardens, and given in the Parish Church the preceding Sunday, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon v and

47° GEORGII in’JtCafu&Sx*

and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, and they, many laveaoKniare

of them, so act’cmfcled, shall and may proceed to putahis Aerou, Exitutio*i,

and then and there adjourn themfeines to meet at fuchvftated.fi hrre3..'sftd

Periods as they shall appoint, or according to fitch Summons aaisierctn- - / iv.T

after directed to be given, at such Time or Times, Place or Places,thin--;

the said Parish, as inch Trustees shall drink proper and conveniesijtof

which Adjournment Notice iii Writing or printed and signed by the :61nrk

or Clerks to the said Trustees for the Time being, shall be given., to or Notice of

left for each of the said Trustees rest deni within the said Parish, at their Adjourn.

last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Two Days at least previous to mcn

such intended Meeting; and if there shall not appear at any Meeting to rfafuScient

be appointed by the said Trustees, Five or more of such Trustees to act, Number of

then and in such Case the said Clerk or Clerks shall, and is or are hereby

required to ftunmon the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last clerk to ’

Meeting was appointed to have been held, within Thirty Days next after summon the

the Day on which such Meeting was to have been held as aforesaid, such Trustees to

Summonses to be signed by the said Clerk or Clerks, and to be delivered j^fr*£)a

at the usual Place of Abode of every Trustee resident within the said Parish

at least Tw o Days before such Meeting; and in case the said Clerk or Clerks shall happen to die before such Summons shall issue, or shall neg-

left to issue such Summons, then the Churchwardens for the Time being

shall and may and (hey are hereby required to issue such Summons, within

Ten Days from the Time the said Trustees ought to have been summoned

by the said Clerk or Clerks in manner aforesaid; and the Trustees at all such Meetings shall pay their own Expences.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Powers, All Afksdone

Authorities, Directions, Matters, and Things by this Act given to and by Five directed to be done by or before the said Trustees at any Meeting, shall and to

may be exercised, had, and done by or before any Five or more of them, e v

and every Question shall be determined by the Majority of Votes of the Trustees present at every Meeting; and such Determination shall be as valid, and of as full Force and Effect, as if done or executed by or before all the Trustees; and the Trustees present at every Meeting shall, before they proceed to Business, elect one of the Trustees then present to be Chairman at such Meeting; and if at any Meeting of the Trustees any Question Avail be put to the Vote, and there shall happen to be an equal Number of Votes for and against the Question, then and in such Case another Meeting of the Trustees shall be called to determine such Question j add if at such Second Meeting there shall again happen to be an Equality of Votes, then the Chairman at such Second Meeting shall have a calling Vote, which shall determine the Question.

\. . i ,j sumv yd vo vftmu .’ antyolqm.l On..';ien:xi

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings Proceedings of the Trustees shall be entered in a BookVbr Books to be kept for that to be entered. Purpose, and shall be signed by the Clerk, by Order of the said Trusteds,

which Book or Books may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts

and Places whatsoever. ,: f‘ tv o ' V jp. ’

dto \i; r.i vo <mooJl vvibV sdiniTodfcgoJ tasm *»«r svk

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all hich Truste^as are off fliiil Trustees m1 be Justices of the Perce, may act as Justices notwithstanding their, being the Commit-. Trustees, except in Cafes, where they?.may beinterested:# and thtU'-ia all pencemayaft Cafes where any Justice or Justices of the Peace © or are authorized by

as Justices.

6 this

4?’ GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

this Act to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it Utah be lawful for fitch Justice or JtiftScfcf,' and he and they' is ani are hereby required ro administer inch Oath or to take fitch Affirmation; and that in all Cafes where any Parties, Witnesses, or other Persons, are to be heard or examinee! by or in the Presence of the said Trustees, in any Cause, Matter, or Thing relating to this Act, it shall be lawful for such Trustees to administbran Oath to or take the Affirmation of such Parties* Witnesses, or other Persons.

appoint- And further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the faiii

«d. ‘ Trustees, from Time to Time, to appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall tlnnk proper, taking such Security, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, from inch Treasurer or Treasurers, and shall and may, from Time to Time remove such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officers or Servants, and appoint others in the Room and Stead cf such of them as shall befo removed, or shall die, or difeominue or resign his or the-ir Office or Offices, or be incapable of performing the fame; and out of the Monies arising by this Act pay or cause to be paid to such Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers or Servants, such Salaries or Allowances as they the said Trustees shall adjudge a reasonable Cotnpensation or Compensation3 for his or their respective Tromble and Sendee.

Actions m x. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may sue Treasurer.0 anc* be sued in the Name of the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk or Clerks, for the Time being, apd that no Action or Sint that may be brought by or against the said Trustees in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be ducontmued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or by the Act of him or them, without the Consent of the Trustees; but the" Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, for the Time being, ,shall, always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, Plaintiffs or Defendant1, jij every such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that all-and every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks^' shall be reimbursed, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Cpftf, Damages, and Expences, as he or they shall be put unto, o^ become charged or chargeable with, by reSuon of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Defendant, Plaintiffs or Def&kkmts.' "

e *nUy And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of enlarge* the

Purchascof Churchyard, and for providing an additional Cemeteiy cr Burial Premises. Ground for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, the said Trustees shall have full Power and Authority to treat and agree with, any Person or Persons interested in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of kirmingham, for the Purchase of his, her, and their Interest therein; and it Hull be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Officers in Trust, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not. only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Thrifts, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for ail Feme Coverts who are or shall be Hi fed in their owti Right, and to and for all Tenants for Life, or in Fee ' Tail General or Special, or by the

Courtesy

2Co

Treasurer,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 709

Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, poiTefTed of, or interested' in any such Me (mages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to contract for, fell, convey, assign, and surrender unto the Keftor and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint. Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, in Trull for the Inhabitants of the said Parish, all his, her, and their Right and littered: in and to the fame, or any hart thereof; and all such Contracts and Agreements,

Sales, Conveyances, Alignments, Surrenders, and Assurances, shall be valid and efifefttal in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Ellate and Intered of the Person or Persons conveying, but also ;o convey all Right, Ellate, Interest, Use, Trusts, Property,

Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Ilfue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do in the Premises pursuant to this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter or Form whatsoever; Provided always, that the Quantity of Land to be purchased by virtue of this Act shall not exceed Three Acres in the whole.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to Application be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased for the of Compen-Purposes of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme fa‘lon Money Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount ° to Or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affect- , ing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to. the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purpose3, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and’capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be [Lee. Of Per.] 3 G ‘ inverted

2io .47° GEORGII IH. Cap. 15.

inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of't hree Pounds ^cr Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated cr Reduced Bank Annuities, (halt from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby authorised to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XtlT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less tjiaii the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, qr of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case oflnfancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or other wise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving PartiesJ in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such I Toney where the so agreed to be paid as next beforementioned, shall be less than Twenty tlisn iir C Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Where any

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be in" such C " paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privily of the Money, the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purftiar.ee of this Act, Person who f0'r the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any PossefBd'n of or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

th° Lands, ' to he phrchafccl in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be fee. at the purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such

Application where the Compensation is less than 2od and exceeds ad.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pofltfiion of inch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at. the lithe of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Peril'tr 01; Penbns, or under the Possession of such Person or Perform, shall he dee tried and taken to hare been lawfully entitled to itsch Lahua, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrany ftfcll lie fheivn to the Sa&faction of the fetid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and aho the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, urdefs it shall be made appear to the said Ceukt that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the likeUfesin pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Surrender or Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest of any Feme Covert, to the said Trustee3, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert, in the Presence of and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Sl.t Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey-the Estate and Ij.t . eft of such Feme Covert in the Premifts as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of or entitled to any Estate or Interest in the Premises in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time and as often as any Money shall be wanted to pay for any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Trustees, at a Vestry Meeting for that Purpose, to be summoned by Writing under their Hands, to make an Assessment or Assessments, Rate

2 11

Time of fuc1* Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto.

The Court of Chancery, may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees,

Bargains Sales to have the Force of

Fines and Recoveries.

Rates to be made for railing Money to answer the Purposes of this Act.

212

47° GGEORGII III. Cap. 15. '

or Rates, on the Occupiers of all Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, "Vaults, Coach Houses, Cellars, Stables, Gardens, Tenements, and Here-taments, within the Town and Parish of Birmingham, in addition to the 'kates and Levies the said Churchwardens are already authorized and empowered to make, in any Sum of Money not exceeding Three-pence in she Pound in any one Year, on the annual or improved Rent or Value of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Coach Houses, Cellars, Stables, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and to collect and receive from such Occupiers of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Coach Houses, Cellars, Stables, Gardens,' Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, such Rates and Sums of Money as shall be so atTefied or rated as aforesaid, all which said Rates and Assessments so to be rated, affeQed, and collected, are hereby vested in the said Trustees in Trull, to be applied by them for the Purposes of this Act, and shall continue for and during such Time as any of the Monies to be borrowed at fnterelt, or raised by the Sale of Annuities upon the Credit of this Act as herein mentioned, shall remain owing or have Continuance, and no longer.

Money left -

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Monies to by Insolvency be collected or payable by virtue of this Act, shall be loll or irrecoverable rtw'Ratetp* ^y Insolvency or otherwise, the said Trustees shall and may make a new beniade. and additional Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, not exceeding Three-pence in the Pound, for supplying and making good such Deficiencies, and the Charges occasioned by or on account of the lame, which shall be collected and levied in manner aforesaid.

Recovery of

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Rates. charged with any such Rate or Assessment, shall refuse or neglect to pay

the Money rated or assessed upon hint, her, or them respectively, it shall be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to fumraon, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, all and every Person and Persons so charged, and who shall have so refused or neglected as aforesaid (on Oath being made before such Justice or Justices of such Demand or Refuted) to appear before such Tullice or Justices (at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons) (Service by any of the Constables or Beadles of the said Parish of every such Summons, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned or leaving the fame at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, to be deemed good Service); and if any Person or Persons so summoned, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the i iine and Place mentioned in such Summons or Summonses, or if he, she, or they do or shall attend, and shall not make it appear to such Justice or Justices that he, she, or they is or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates according to this Act, then all and every the Person and Persons who shall have been so summoned, shall pay as well such Rate as the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all Cafes where the said Rate or Assessment, Colls and Charges, Ural 1 not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices who shall have issued the fame, and he and they is and are ' •' Tiereby authorized and required, on Oath being made before him or them of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses as aforesaid, to grant t.iSar^ *- r'"' ' a Warrant

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 2*3

a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Sea! or Hands id Seale.-, authorizing and directing such Constable or Constables, or any Beadle or Beadles, or Officer of the said Paviffi, to levy all such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the F.kpence of the Summons, and of the Warrant, by Did refs of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refilling, which shall be found either in the said PVaifh or elsewhere; and if within Five Days next after any such Distress shall be lo made, the said R re or Rates, Assessment or Asseffinents, and Arrears, and the Costs and Charges of the said Summons and Warrant, and of such Distress, and of keeping such Goods and Chattels, fhaP. riot b’e paid and satisfied. it shall be lawful for such Constable or Constables, and other Officers, to cause the said Goods and Chattels, or To m ch thereof as shall be sufficient, to be appr.tifed by one dr 'more A ppraiTer of Appraisers, and sold to pay the said Rate or Rates, AffcTTment or Assessments, together with such Arrears, Costs, Charges, and F/xperices as aforesaid, returning the Overplus of the Mcrrey arising by fu'ch Sale, if any, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels respectively, on Demand thereof made by him, her, or them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case act, Person dr Persons or ^fCj°atCT-who may have been rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, from Per-3 her, or their Land or Lands, House or Houses, Shop or Shops, Warehbufe ions quitting, or Warehouses, Coach House or Coach Houses, Stable or Stables, Cellar or Cellars, or other Hereditaments, whereon such Rate or Assessment shall have been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the fame, and shall afterwards refute or neglect to pay the fame when demanded of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their then Place of Abode, and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and he and they is and are hereby required to grant a Warrant or Warrants of Distress tinder his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, on Oath being made before him or them of the Person or Persons having been so rated, and of his, her, or their having quitted the Premises as aforesaid, and of the said Rate or Assessment having been demanded of or from, or at the then Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, authorizing and directing any Constable or Constables of the said Parish, or of the Parish or Place where such Person or Permits shall then reside, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and to sell the same; and such Warrant being countersigned by feme Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty where the Person or Persons shall then reside, if he, she, or the shall have quitted the said Parish, which such Magistrate is hereby required to countersign, it shall be lawful for such Constable or Constables to distrain and fell the Goods and Chattels of the Person of Periods so quitting the said Premises without having paid his, her, or their Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any, after living retained the Rare or Assessment, and all Arrears thereof, and all the Costs and Charges of such Summons, Warrant of Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively. .^v,

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or, ferson* ag-Persons shall think hiirifelf, herself, ov themselves aggrieved.or over-rated, griered

determined by any Rate or Assessment made unddr this Act, arid, shall appeal anti Raw may ap-coirrplain thereof to the said TrusteSs 'at any Geifcfal Meeting assembled,

( Lee. Ss5 Per.] 3 H the

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 15*

the said Ti uftees so assembled may examine the Appellant or Appellants, and any Witness or Witnesses. upon Oath, touching or concerning the Matter of such Appeal, and relieve the Person or Persons appealing, or not, and inakefach Order therein as to them shall seem meet.

Money to be XXIII. And, in order the more speedily and effectually to accomplish nu'ides^a'd" *e ^cv;jr'^ ' n<^s an^ Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it Trustees to he lawful for the said Trustees to raise, ei. her by Annuities to be

raiseany Sum granted for a certain Term of Years, or fora Life or Lives, or by way of not exceed- Loan upon Bonds, to be entered into or given by or by the Order and wg 6000.1. Direction of the said Trustees, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six thousand Pounds; and for the several Purposes aforesaid it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to conti ibute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Trustees, or into the Hands of their Treasurer for the Time being, or of such other Person or Persons as they the said Trustees shall, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, authorize to receive the same, such Treasurer or other Person or Persons first giving sufficient Security, if required, to the said Trustees as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six thousand Pounds for the absolute Purchase of Annuities, or by way of Loan, as herein is mentioned, the said Annuities to be granted for such Term of Years, or for a Life or Lives, and on such Conditions, as the said Trustees shall think fit; all which Annuities, afad also thelnterefl of the Money to be borrowed and taken up as aforesaid, if any, shall be paid and payable by the said Trustees in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, or in such other Place as the said Trustees shall appoint for that Purpose; and the Principal of such Money to be borrowed and taken up by the said Trustees on Interest as aforesaid, on the Credit of this Act, shall be repaid to the Person or Persons lending or advancing the fame out of the said Rates, as often as the same shall amount to a sufficient Sum to discharge any one or more Bond or Bonds, by I.ot, upon giving the Lender or Lenders Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing for that Purpose, at the End of which Time all Iiiterefl on the said Bond or Bonds shall cease.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased under or by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be borrowed and taken up on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof, shall be and the same are and is hereby charged upon and made payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising by the Rates and Asseffments by this Act directed to be raised and assessed as herein is mentioned; and that all and every the Contributor or Contributors, or Lender or Lenders of any Money upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money for any such Annuity or Annuities, or otherwise advancing the Money as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, ffie, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall receive and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, and the Principal and Interest of the other Monies so to be advanced as aforesaid, Out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof; and all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers of such Annuity or Annuities, and other Person or Persons advancing Money'.'

• . - J! as

Annuities how charged and paid.

2»5

47° GEORGII III. Cap. i$.

as afiircfcud, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have a good, sure, absolute, and indefcafible Estate, (Light, and Interest.in and to the said Annities so to be by them relpce-tively purchased, and in and to the said other Mor.ies so to be advanced a* aforesaid, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Att.

XXV. And be it further cnaSed, That every Contributor for the Pur- Receipts and chafe of any such Annuity er Annuities as aforesaid, and all and every other Order* for f Person and Persons advancing or paying Money as aforesaid, and their Annuities°to several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, upon Pay- be given, ment of the Consideration or Purchase Money for such Annuity or Annuities, or upon Payment of such other Monies as aforesaid, or any Part or Proportion thereof respectively, into the Hands of the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, shall have and be entitled to one or more Receipt or Receipts, Acquittance or Acquittances, importing or acknowledging the Receipt of fp much of the Purchase Money or other Money as shall be paid or advanced as aforesaid; and that upon Payment of the Remainder of such Purchase Money or other Monies as aforesaid, all and every such Contributor or Contributors, or other Person or Persons, advancing Money as aforesaid, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have and be emitted to an Order in Writing on Parchment or Vellum for Payment of such Annuity or Annuities, or for Payment of such other Monies to be advanced or paid as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, all which Orders shall be signed by the said Trustees; and after signing thereof, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning thereof, and of this Att,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Annuities Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, arguable, and the Lender or Lenders of such other Monies as aforesaid, and his, her, cr their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands •and Seals, to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or other Monies to be advanced or paid as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, or his, her, or their Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, as often as Occaliion shall require, which Assignment, after a Memorial thereof shall be entered In a Book or Books to be kept by or by Order of the said Trustees, shall be effectual to vest the fame in the Assignee or Allignees.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates or Assessi Annuities ments hereby directed to be made, collected, levied, and paid, shall be how recover* charged and chargeable with and for the Payment of all and every such aWe‘ Annuity and Annuities as aforesaid, and all Arrears thereof respectively, and all Sums of Money to de advanced, lent, or paid as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof respectively, from Time to Time, and shall vest in the Annuitant or Annuitants, or other Person or Persons advancing, landings; or paying Money as aforesaid; and upon Default of Payment of such utad nuity or Annuities, or other Monies so to be advanced, lent, or paid* son the Interest thereof, or any Part thereof respectively, for the Space tof Three Calendar Months after the fame :shall become due and demanded,; until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with Interest for

2 16

Book to be kept of Annuities, &c.

Account to be kept of Rates.

All Receipts, Payments, and Minutes of Contacts, etc.to be entered in a Book.

Churchwardens to account, ami

4.70 GEORGII III. Cap. 1.5.

such Arrears of Annuity, from the Time the fame ought to have been paid, until Payment and Satislaltion thereof, and of the Ctifts and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment of the fame; and ft h Annuitant or Annuitants, in case there shall be any Arrear of such Annuity t r Annuities, and until full Payment thereof respectively, with such Interdt and Charges as aforesaid, and such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, until Repayment of their Money advanced, and the Interest thereof, according to the Stipulations for Payment thereof, shall, upon giving Twenty Days Notice in Writing, and of Default of Payment at or before the End of such Twenty Days, have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges of act'elling, collecting, distraining, and levying the said Rates and AfiefT-rnents payable by virtue of this Act, as the said Trustees could have > had in case the said Annuity or Annuities, or other Money to be advanced as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, had been regularly and fully-paid and satisfied; and for that Purpose the Trustees shall deliver or cause to be delivered over to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, the then exilting Rates, and all Monies then in hand, and collected on account thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept by the said Trustees in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, or shall be left with the Clerk or Clerks to be appointed by the said Trustees as aforesaid, a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly written the Names, with the proper Additions of all such Persons who shall be the Purchasers of any such Annuities, and all Persons who shall have lent any Money on the Credit of the said Rates and Assessments, to which Book or Books it shall be lawful for the said respective Purchasers, or Persons lending any Money on the Credit of the said Rates and Assessments, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and to and for every Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay any Rates or Asselfments, to be made by virtue ov in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time and at all seasonable Times, to have Recourse to and to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That a separate Account shall be kept by the said Churchwardens for the Time being, of the Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall take Care to have all Receipts, Payments, Debts, Credits, and Minutes of Contracts made with or by the Artificers or Workmen employed or to be employed in or about the taking down and removing any Houses and Buildings, and making and fencing round the Churchyard and intended Burial Ground, or any Matter] or Thing relating thereto, and all other their Proceedings,to be fairly written and entered in one or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose^; and that all Books of Accounts concerning Receipts, Payments, Credits, and Contrails, shall, from Time to Time and at all convenient Times, be open to the Inspection and Perusal of any Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay any Rates or AflelTmems by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And be it farther enacted, That the said Churchwardens for the Time being, and other Persons collecting the Rates to be levied and - 8 raised

47° GEORGII lit. Cap. r 5.

raised under and by virtue of this Act, fiiatl from TimctoTime, when required, give a particular, true, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands to the said Trufites, on Oath if required, which Oath the said Trustees may administer, of all Monies which they shall have respectively received, collected, or levied, by virtue of this Act; and shall also from Time to Time, w hen thereto requested by the said Trtiftees, pay all such Monies as shall be in their or any of their Hands to the said Truf. tees, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall, by any Writing or Writing® under their Hands, authorize and empower to receive thp lame.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe any such Churchwarden, or other Person or Persons who may be employed to collect the said Rates, shall neglect or refuse to make such Accounts and Payments as are required to lie made by them fespectively by this Act, then any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County shall and may, upon Complaint thereof^ make Enquiry of and concerning such Ne eft of Refusal, as well by the Coilfeflion of the Parties themle’ves, a3 by the Oath of Oaths at one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and if any such Churchwarden; or Coll eft or or Collectors, shall be convicted of such Neglect or Refusal before such Justices of the Peace then the said Justices shall, upon Conviction, commit the Person or Persons so offending to the County Gaol of House of Correction for any Tqne not exceeding Three Calendar Months, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, untihheor they shall havefnade a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or otherwise compounded for the fame, at a General Meeting, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees; and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences of pa fling this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtudiof this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Money by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed ,unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespaifer or Trespaft’ers on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which, shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining * but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action or Actions for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall-be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful. Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in. any such . Action, by leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Ilfue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as lie or they shall think fit whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judge-

[Loc. isf Per.~\ 3 I nients

2 I 7

pay the t’o-ney ir. the;r Hands over to the Trustees.

Churchwardens, etc. neglecting to account, maybe committed.

Costs of this Act to be paid.

Eiftrefs not to be deemeft

unlawful for want ofform

2; 8

4-7° G£ OR GII JIL Cap.\ 5.

tnsnts Hull be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any oilier Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

Coneia. Ap-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herl'elf, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Direction, or Appointment of the said Trustees, or by means of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or by any Order of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons o appeal to the next Generel Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of Warwick, before the Justices then and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized to summon and examine Wit-helfes upon Oath, and to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, which Order shall be final and '-onclusive to and upon all Parties, but so as such Appeal shall be made within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and so as the Person or Persons so appealing shall first give or cause to be given Ten Days Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention of appealing as aforesaid, and of the Matter or Cause thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees, and shall, within Three Days next after such Notice, enter into a Recognizance before One of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, wirh Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide by the Order of Sessions, and pay such Colts as shall be made and awarded thereon; and such Justices, upon hearing and finally determining the Matter of such Appeal, are hereby authorized to award such Colts to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper.

l, Imitation of

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Actions. commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or under Colour of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given in Writing to the said Trustees, or to their Clerk or Clerks, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fadf committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the said County of Warwick, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits may plead the GeneralI flue, General Issue, and give this Act and every special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the Matter or Thing shall appear to have been done under or by virtue of this Act, or If it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be

1

I.

R

Q

it

et

h

el

rde

cal

S

4 it . ili E22C r

Tw '

tea;

arties

t, bo: Part? :FaS be

n the lace;

td*e

Beet1

fffitf

jtifi

gllnot in aot ills#1

47° GEORGII III. Cty.15. 219

be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have Treble Costs, such Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colts in any other Cafes by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majedv. 1807.

4

V I ■JfiL '

4

i i '

* I j;

...*i , - - - tj

rz ■1

rn

ss

-1 .

3*<l!

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO septimo

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* il*

Cap. 16.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Fe?~ry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey.

[9th April 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, SG. 3. c. 56. in the County of Anglesey: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said AC.: Ant! whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said A 1 s have proceeded to put the *5 G.3. c-fame in Execution, for which Purpose the) have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, which Money (till remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions there-\Lk. isf Perl) 3 A" of

222

Said Acts further continued.

For appointing new Trustees.

Trustees may sue and be fucd in the Name of their Clerk.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. ibt.

of altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts Ihouh! be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 31 d Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Qualifications, Exemptions, Clauses, Provisoes, Rules, Matters, and Things, therein contained (except so much and such Parts thereof respectively as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except such Part or Parts thereof as are hereby varied or altered) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed for the Purposes in the said Acts, and this pre en: Act contained, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, tp all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Bo Jy of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon and from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable as well to the Payment of all and every Sum and Sums ol Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, or on the Credit of the Tolle thereby granted and continued, and now' payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Road, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Pu poses of this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Trustee shall die, or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time, to elect, nominate, and appoint any other i’erson to be a Trulhre in the room or Head of such Trustee so deceased, or re-fusing to act, but Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election of new Trustees, shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the said Road, at least Fourteen Days before every such Meeting; and every such Person as shall, from Time to Time, be so chosen and appointed, is hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, as if such Person had been named in and appointed a Trustee by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any of them, may sue and be sued for all and every Cause and causes of Action, Dues, Debts, and Demands whatsoever, arising by virtue and on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk; and that the said Trustees may prosecute any Criminal for any Felony done or committed by him to any of the Property, Goods, Chattels, or Eftefts, of and belonging to the said Trustees, in the Name of their said Clerk; and that no Action which may be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, for any Cause or causes of Action, Debts, Dues, or Demands whatsoever, arising by virtue or on account of the said recited Acts or this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be

discontinued

223

47° GGEORGII III. Cap. 16,

discontinued by the the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpot'e, but the Clerk to the Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that clerk to be every such Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, reimbursed. prosecuted, or defended, in pusuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of' the Monies to be raised by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, all such Colls, Charges, and Damages, as by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall put to or become chargeable with, by Reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of Proceeding* the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the °^e^o Clerk lor that Purpose, and signed by all or the major Part of the Truf- eutere(i a tees present at the Meeting at which each respective Order or Proceeding Book, shall be made or had, or by their Chairman or Clerk, by their Order, and

that every such Book shall be open, at all seasonable Times for the In-spedion of any of the said Trustees, who shall be at Liberty to take Copies thereof, or Extrad> therefrom, without Fee or Reward; provided, that no Otc'e. or Proceeding of the said Trustees shall be valid and binding, unless the same shall be signed by Five Trustees prefnt at such Meeting at which each respective Order or Proceeding shall be made or had.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Power to ap-tnore of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, nominate PolatO®c*rs> and appoint one or mere fit Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and shall take a Bond within One Calendar Month after the Appointment of such respective Officers, with a sufficient Surety, in such Penalty as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting shall direct, conditioned for the Execution of their respective Offices; and also one or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary to employ in the F.xecution of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove, suspend, or displace any such Clerk, Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officers, as they or any Five or more of them shall fee Occasion, and appoint others in Cafes of Death, or such Removal or Suspension; and that out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, such Allowances and Compensations shall be made to the several Officers, to be appointed as aforesaid, and to such other Persons as shall be shifting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and other Per- Officers to Tons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, when there- account upon unto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, deliver °ath'

to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had,

collected,

224

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

'collected, or received, by virtue of this Act, and how and to whom, and for what Purpose the fame, or any Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verity >tich Accounts upon Oa h, and such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hand', to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Officer shall refuse or neglect to render or give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts re-•ating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) or to pay the Balance remaining in their Viands, when thereunto required, in Manner aforesaid, or it any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, within Fourteen Days after being t1 ereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County, or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refuting, shall be or reside, by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants, to cause such Officer ot Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his, her, or their appearing, or not appearing (except for some reasonable Excuse) having been first duly furwnoned, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, might have done; ?nd if upon the Settlement of such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or re-ceiv< d shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, Upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer o- Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him to be appointed for that Purpose (except for some reasonable Excuse) or appearing, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of any such Account, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, or Papers, in his, her, or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of the said Atfts or of this Act, or to the said Road, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid,

13 the

2*5

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

the said Just ice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or H.mfe of Correction of the County or Place where he, she, cr they shall be or reiide, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall have delivered iri and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their respective Hand or Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall in that respect have been mad % or until he, she, or they, shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their said Clerk for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as tht-y shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby in such Case empowered to make) or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress, shall remain or be detained in Prison for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, For difclur Absconding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of the j,g Colfea-Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not a Meeting of ors, &c. mif-the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully behaving, and discharge such Collector or Receiver of the Tolls who shall abscond, mif- oSenSTtSetf behave,*or become incapable, or absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate stead, and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector oi Receiver of the said Tolls, in the place of such CollrCtor or Receiver so dying, or being discharged, and to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees; which Person, so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answeraole or accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die, or be discharged, would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other llepresentatives or Servant of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, crbe discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or let up by virtue of this Act, or other Premises belonging to the fame, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Premises for that Purpose, by or under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, although not done at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by the said Acts or this Act., then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Toll House or Building, or other Premises belonging thereto, shall be, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable, or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as shall be nectftary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, and the {Loc. isf Per.~] 3 £ Occupier

226

Power to erect Gates.

Power to take new Tolls.

Toll*.

Double Toll on Sundays.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 16,

Occupbr or Occupiers thereof, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or their Clerk, or their new-appointed Officer, into the PofiefSon thereof, with the Appurtenances.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon and across the said Road, and also may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road where any Highway joins or meets the fame, as many Side Gates or Turnpikes as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, with a Toll House, and proper and necessary Buildings and Fences near to each such Gate or Turnpikes,- whether acro:s the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof (all which shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees) and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue the said Turnpike Gates or Toll H iures, or any of them, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think expedient.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twelfth Day of May next after the passing of this Act, the Tolls granted by the said recited Act, passed in the Fifteenth 1 ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be, and are hereby declared to be repealed; and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken of and from any Person or Persons attending any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees. or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes before any Ilorfe or Horses, Beast or Beasts, Cattle or Carriages, shall be permitted to pass through the lame; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Coach, Berlin. Landau, Machine, Hearse, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Caravan, Chaise Marine, Litter, Bed-Carriage, Curricle, Chair, ot other such Carriage, the Sum of F.ight-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast or Cattle, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and

not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score; and so in proporti n for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Pigs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and foin proportion fot any greater or less Number:

And that on every Sunday d tring the Continuance of the said Acts, and this Act, there shall be demanded and taken, at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, by such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or other Beast, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; Double the Toils herein before d.rested to be taken on any other Day of the Week:

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken as Tolls; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, negkft or refuse to pay the

lame.

2 27

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

lame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Perfot) or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls by himself, herself, cr themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necefluy, to seize and distrain any Horse or Ilories, or other Bealls or Cattle u:on witich such Toll is by this Act imposed, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Harness or Accoutrements, or a Sufficient Part thereof; and if such foils, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Dirtrefs, shall not be pud within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and D ltr.fs made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining shall and may fell the Horse or Hopes, Cattle, or other Things so seized or dilbained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus fif any be) upon Demand, and what shall remain unfold, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, and Keep thereof, shall be deJu&ed anJ pud; and that all the lolls an I Monies so to be collected and levied, or the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, to and for the several Ulbs, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying pr conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or Hay, Straw, orjCom in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but parting to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horsesemployedincarryingorconveying, or g ing empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure, employed in Iiulbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other ! hing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses, or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Place1, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or farried; or from any 1'eifon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, orattending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any sick Person, or upon other his 1’arochial or Minirterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on v'hich Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Cariiages, of whatsoeverDescription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Express, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses* Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them

General

Exemptions

2 28 47° GEORGII III. Cdp. 16.

them in going to or returning from the Place of F.xercife, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Passes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beafi, drawing any Coach, I-andau, Berlin, Chariot, Cajafh, Chair, or Passenger on Hoifeback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Angle[eyt on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day afttr such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

Tolls to bu

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who paid but one* shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike to be erected by a Day. virtue of the said Acts or this Act, shall be subject to any Toll for returning through such Turnpike the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day, with the fame Horse or Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, drawn by the fame Horse or Horses, but shall return Toll-free (except such Waggon, Cart, Caravan, Timber Carriage, or other Carriage, which shall pass or repass through any of the said Turnpikes laden with any Lading of the Weight of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, of l ive Score to the Hundred, and shall return the same Day all'o, laden with any Lading of the Weight of Five hundred Pounds or upwards as aforesaid, or any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh with Four wheels, Chaise Marine, Diligence, Chaise with Four Wheels, or Caravan, or by what Name loever such Carriage or Carriages now is or hereafter may be called ot known, that shall be kept or used by or for any Person or Persons as a public Srage Coach or Stage Coaches, or Stage Carriages, empoiyed in carrying Passengers or Baggage for Hire, to and from different Places) on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes, which Note c.r Ticket such Collector is hereby required tQ deliver gratis, on Receipt of the Toll.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose (whereof Ten Days Notice shall be given in Writing, by affixing the fame on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act) may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, to reduce a 1 or any of the Tolls thereby or hereby granted, and to order such Tolls so reduced to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit, so that such Reduction be no Prejudice to, and be with the Consent of Five-sixth Parts in Value of the several Persons who ffial! have advanced any Money on the Credit of the said Tolls at the Time of such Reduction; and the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered to raise the said Tolls again, or any Part thereof, so that the fame do not exceed the respective Tolls herein-before granted; and such Tolls so reduced, and raised again, shall be collected, recovered, paid, and applied in the fame

l*ower to reduce the Tolls, and raise them.

229

4># GEORG! I III. Cap. if>.

same Manner as the Tolls herein-bef’ore granted are directed to be col-leded, recovered, paid}- Gmd applied. "

XIII. "And be it Burlier enacted, •Thar :j:e said Trustees, or any five; Power to or more of them, shall cuufe the said Road to be measured, and Stones off crcft Mi!f Polls to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Road., at the Distan.ce ®ton"» an<* of Ode Mile froru each other, denoting the Uiltanre of every such Stone Personsd°-or Poll front the End of tire’said Road, at a certain. Quay or Landing facing or in-Place for Passengers from Dublin, called Tr ben Gar/, otheruife The Old. junng them. Court, in Holyhead aforesaid, to the other End of the said Road at Perth-det bitty Furry aforesaid, and also proper Direction Pelts; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any such Polls or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon, and be thereof convicted before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or before any one or more justice or Justices oft he Peace for the said County of Anglesey, either by the Confession of the harty, or by the Oath of one credible Witness, such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Stone or Post so wilfully broken, pulled up, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered as herein-after mentioned; or if any Person shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any S/one, otherwise than upon any wheeled Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Read to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing, upon any Part of the said Road, to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off the fame, or any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, with any fha;p-pointed instrument, so as to damage the said Road, or any Part thereof; or if any' Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage without sufficient Cause (or longer than may be necessary for loading and unloading the fame) in, upon, or on the Sideof the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto, of shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay,

Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice or Annoyance thereof, or of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, and be convicted thereof by the Confession of the Party or by tiieOath of one credible Witness, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County (which Oath any Justice or Justicts is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to him or them fot that Purpose to administer) every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trustees may or more of them may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to contract for Time, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for making, re- repairing the pairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Road, or any oa 5>

Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work, Matter, or Thing [_Loc. & Per.'] 3 M to

23°

47° GEORGII III. Car. Co.

to be done in the Execution of the said Acts and ihis Act in fuefi Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Irustees Ih.ili think proper; and that all Contraft- and Agreements in Writing enteie.d into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said T uflees, or any five or more of them, shall be binding to and upon the fbd 1 ruilees and their Succ flfo s, and also ro and upon all other P.trtie who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators respectively; and that Actions and Suits may be mainfamed thereon, and Damages a id Cods recovered against the Purtv or Parties tailing in the Execution of such ontrafts or Agreements; fuel) Actions to be brought in Manner herein-before mentioned.

Penalty on

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any P :f m or Persons shall Persons al- affinlt interrupt, or hinder, ortaufo or promote f<» be afllu tid, inter-faulting Col- rupt d or hit) lered, any L< lleftor of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Sur-Toir&!-Uie veyors> 1 r »*y P'-iton or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employe in the i xecutien of the said Acts or of this Act, every Person so offending tha 1 ior every fuci) Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

F - d-curing

tnmSent Offender*.

XVL. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient P rlons, unkm.wn to the Co) it ft as, uiveyo s,< r other Officers, •under the said Act* and this Act; be it therefore tn d-d, That it fiiaif be lawful for the said Coll, ft irs, Surveyors, r o her Ofiiors respectively, to feiz and detain any such unknown Person or Persons g-:i y of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them immediately, i r as loon after as nav be b.fore one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or P ace where any such Offence or Otie)ices shall be committed, without any other Warran' or Authority that, this Act fnrfo doing; and such Justice or Ji.dices of the Peace respectiv ly is and are hereby empowered and ciirested to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or; pecial Sessions to be holden for the County or Place where fuel) Offence O' Offences shall be committed; and on such Conviction or fur want offuffident Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gad or House of Correction for the County or 'Phce where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain until 'he, die, or they shall pay the respective Per.cdtv by iii:n, her, or them, i currcd for such Offence or Offences, or i.iuil give such Security as aiortsaid.

Statute /’VII. And be it further enacted, That ail Ptrfmswhoby Law are or

Labour. shall be liable to do Statu'e Work, or r.re or shall be chargeable towards npaiiing and amending tr.e Road comprized in the said recited Acts-, or either of them, or any Pert t! reof, r 'i dill remain liable thereto in like •Manner as heretofore; av 1 it shall be lav. ft 1 for any Two or more Juf-ticts o. the Peace ior the said C •ttntj, a ' tuey are hereby required and empowered, ipon pplication ma-.i: to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, cr by their Y: m!u. cr,ti lerk, Sat rev r, or by their Order, ytally, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the •Statute Work diafl every Year be done upon the said Road by thelnha-• hi. ah is of flu- xcfpcft'v-- JYMiUs or i/iace, in which tin. said Road lies,;

4.70 GEORGII III. GafK if>.

and also whnt Propo-tinn of the Money rec-.ived determined by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Hip!iways of every Rich Parish or i'i-ice, in lieu of or as a Composition for Rich '-'ratine Work as afci•. i’Jd, shall lie determined by him* her, or them paid to (he said Trustees, or to their l i -/urer or j'rcafurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for Rich Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of th !! hways of every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before fu- h Juflic - -, at.some Place to be expressed iu fuefa Summons (within Ten Days f or the serving of Rich Summons) of the Names of the fevers! P rfom who within l\ch Pari fir or Place are by Law subject and liable to d > Statute Woik for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work ro be done, whether with 1 earns or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sum-, to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and efted for the Repairs ofthepublick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute \ ork as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not bing Haytime or Harvelt) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Survey r or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, i ired, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also onler and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable »o the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay Rich Proportion thereof as the said Justice (h ill think proper to the said Trustees or their Treas rer, at such Time cr l imts as the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Pay incut thereof, she fame shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like ft.fanner as any Penalty is by the said Acts, or eirher of them, authorized or diredsd to be recovered; and each anu every Person who shall negl d or re Rife to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said i rustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Deiaulr, or the D.fault of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Team', Draught or Draughts, H-irfe or Hories, Bead or Beads, to he provided by him, her, or them, be’subject and iiaole to such P.iins, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Pti fans may be subject or liable to by any J,ae or Statute in force or efted for the Repair of the pub! :ck Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said R.oad, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and distnif- the Person who shaft be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such P.rion shall be subject and iiaole to the respect live Forfeitures and Paymems a- aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refuRd to come, or Rich Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of ti e said Road; all which Forfeitures shall dc paid to the Treasursr to the said Trustee-, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surve or or --urveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as

aforesaid.

232

Application of Compen-lation if amounting to 20oi.

Application of Compc*nfa-tion, if lcfs than 2001. anti e cceJ« ing 2cl.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect LFs, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall he paid or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, oi Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall b io1 g ro any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to ny Feoffee in Tr i'I, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for an d on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trull, or to any Person whole L >nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for execu ing the said Acts and rhis Ad, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Herediiaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Dent or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not tye so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled cc, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the L nds. Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiding undetermined and capable of taking F.ffeft; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for ar.y Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging

233

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Sng to any Corporations or to any Pci foil or Perf&ris under any Difal n'iy or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred P: unds, and (Iiall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, tfiett and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Pufoils for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, I ene-ments, or Hereditament; so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committee:, in case of Infancy, Idiotcv, or Lunacy, to be figuified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directeder otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the P.-rfon or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the Ttuitecs for executing the said Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Appl- bation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nofifinating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, id far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to, obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less thari Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the I.anJs, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposea of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees flia.ll think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Porlbiis so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to

whom any Sumer Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refine to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Prem libs, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five' or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be lb awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or difeoye ed v then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money f> awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of F.ng/.rtd, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancer i, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferithig (hefti] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sami of Money, or any Par: thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a futumary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court ilial! feetft meet,: - £Loc. fcf ihr.] 3 N to

Application lit Compensation, if less than 20L

In case of not making cut Titles.

234

Respecting

disputed

Titles,

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees,

Limitation of Actions.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. ih.

to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Fund;’, and to order Distvibution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ellate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specitying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person 10 any Money to he paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed cf accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Post'ession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of any Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any I.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall dirtdl.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Act, the same shall be commenced within

Six

235

47° GEORGII 111. Cap. 16.

Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, or Cause of Action or Suit accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause ot Complaint shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so cone, or that such Action or Suit Dial 1 be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than where the Cause of Complaint shall have aiifen, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the P aintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may have and recover Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have by Law in other Cafes.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences For paying incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be the Expences defrayed out of any of the Monies already received, or out of the first: of this Act. Monies which shall arise, or be received by virtue of the said Acts or this

Ad, in Preference to all oilier Payments whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Continuance take Effect immediately on the passing thereof, and shall, together with so of Act. much of the said Acts as are not hereby repealed, be put in Execution,

and shall continue in force from thence for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next iefiion of Parliament.

»' ~ .111X2.

lew veoim id’.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

bi r r<

/V>

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Mt*K*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish c&Elfdon, in the Coun ty of Northumberland.

[9 th April 1807.]

WHEREAS there is within the Parish of Elfdon, in the Manor of Ridsdale,1 in the County of Northumberland, a common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Garretjheels Common, containing by EstimationThree thousand Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the said Manor of Ridsdale, and as such is, or claims to be, seised of or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties of, within, and under the said Common Moor or Tract of Waite Ground: And whereas John Davidson, of the Town and County of Nnvcastle upon Tyne, Esquire, and other Persons, are seised and possessed of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Parish, and in respect thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Lelfccs, Farmers, or Tenants, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waite Ground: And whereas the said Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, in its present State, is not of much Use or Advantage, but considerable Parts thereof are capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid are willing and desirous that the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, with the Consent of the said Lord of the said Manor, should be divided and allotted, by Commissioners in that Behalf to be ap-

[Loc. Of Per.)

pointed

$►$ 47* GEORGII: III. Cep. 17.

pointed, amongst the fztidDuke ^Northumberland:, as I.ord of the said Manor, the said John Davidson, and the other Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon or otherwise interested therein respectively, which will be advantageous to all the Parties interested, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Ehates but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembfed, and by the Authority of the same, CommilHon- That John Bell, of the Town and County of Newcnjilc upon Tyne aforesaid, *"• Gentleman, and William Bates, of Chollcrton, in the said County of

Northumberland, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, and allotting the said Common Moor or Traci of Waste Ground, and for putting this Act in Execution, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as are herein-after contained, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained in an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclafure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts, as are not controlled by or repugnant to, or otherwil'e provided for by any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations, contained in this Act.

Tor ehoofing new Commissioners.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners hereby appointed, or either of them, shall die, or shall neglect tOoift for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occasion shall retju^e: their Attendances on the Business hereby committed to their Charge, or shall refuse to act, or be rendered incapable of acting by Sickness,.or any Other Cause whatsoever, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them shall be carried into Execution, a new Commissioner laall and may be nominated and appointed in the place of him so dying, neglecting, or refuting to act, or rendered incapable of acting as aforesaid, in manner following (that is to say) in case the said John Bell shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the said Duke of Northumberland, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being of the said Manor of Ridsdale, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the said Manor, being an, Infant or Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, shall and may, by any Instrumem in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person, not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested, to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said John Bell; and in case the said William Bates shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the major Part in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground hereby intended to be divided, exclu-fire of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, or their respective Agents present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (of which Meeting Notice shall be given by any Two or more of such Proprietors and Owners, or their respective Agents, or by the other Com-niissioner for {Jutting this Act into Execution, by affixing the fame on the s'. a?- 8 principal

S3,1 iif'i s Sr-$-IS # i.Mr-Jg£ E £t« - "

47* GiiORGii nr: 354

principal Door of the Parish Church of Elfdoh aforesaid, and also caufifis; the same to be inserted in the NewcaJHc upon Tyne Gourant Newspaper, or if that Newspaper shall not then be published, then in forne other Newspaper getierally circulated in the County of Northumberland, Ten Days at least before such Meeting) shall and may by any Instrument in Writ ing under their Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not bene, ficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Soil, or Brother of any Person so interfiled) to be a CornmifTroner in the Room of the said William Bates; and in case of the Death of any Person so to be hereafter nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, or of his Neglect or Refusal to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, the Person or Persons respectively by whom such Commissioner j was nominated and appointed, or authorized to be nominated and appointed, their respective Heirs, Agents, or Assigns,shall in likeM,inner nomi* nate and appoint another Commissioner in his Room, and so from Time to Time as oftGn as any Vacancy shall happen by such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of every such newConunithoner so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and every Person who shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution as if he had been nominated and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; which said several Instruments of Nomi-. nation and Appointment shall be inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner as in and by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, is directed concerning the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

III. And, for the more effectually obviating and preventing any Incon-veflience or Delay which might otherwise happen, or be occasioned ifn the tween the Proceedings of the said Commissioners by reason of any Difference of Opinion Commission-between them, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the ExeCu- er» are to be tion of the Powers of this Act, or any Point or Points, Question or Ques- settled-tions arising out of or relating thereto, be it further enacted, That if any Difference of Opinion shall happen to arise between the Commissioners for the Time being, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or any Point or Points, Question or Questions arising out of or relating thereto, then and as often as the Case shall so happen, all and every' such Matters or Things, or Points or Questions respectively, upon which there shall be any such Difference of Opinion between the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be referred by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to some disinterested and skilful Person, (not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested) whom it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands for that Purpose, from Time to Time and as often as they shall think necessary, to determine all and every such Matters or Things, and Points or Questions respectively as aforesaid; and the Determination of every such Person so to be appointed, to be expressed in Writing under his Hand, shall' be and shall be taken and deemed by the said Commissioners as conclusive and binding upon them, as to all and every the Matters or Things, and Points dr Questions so respectively referred to his Determination as aforesaid, to the Intent that the said Commissioners may be thereby enabled to proceed in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and so make their general Award as herein-after directed, notwithstanding any such Difference of

Opinion

240 47° GEORGII tlL Cap. 17.

Opinion between them as aforesaid; and every f'uch Person so to be ap-1 pointed for the Purpose aforesaid shall take and subscribe such or a similar

Oath, to be adpriniftered by the said Commissioners, or one of them, as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign is dire fled to be taken byCommifSoners, and shall have and is hereby veiled with die fame Powers and Authorities as by the said Act and this present Act are given to the commissioners hereby appointed, but so nevertheless as that any such Person shall not be empowered to act for any other Purpose than the determining of such Matters as may be referred to him as aforesaid; and every such Person shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money, as a Compensation for his Trouble in determining the Matters so to be referred to him as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and which Sums of Money the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to pay out of the Monies herein-after directed to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

Surveys to

III. And be it further enacted, That true and exact Surveys and Admea-be made. furements shall be taken, and fair Plans made, of the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, so intended to be divided and allotted, and also of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which Right of Common is claimed thereon, some Time before the First Day of 'January One thousand eight hundred and eight, or as soon after as conveniently may be, by such fit and proper Person, being an experienced Surveyor of Lands, not beneficially interested in the said Division, nor an Agent to any Person so interested, as the Commissioners for the Time being shall by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time nominate and appoint.

* t°h Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Per-

t t. an at . pons (bau j,e capable of acting as Surveyor as aforesaid until he shall have taken and subscribed before the said Commissioners or any One of them, an Oath in the Form following, videlicet,

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, aft ‘ J- according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, in surveying and ‘ admeasuring the Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, intended ‘ to be divided and inclosed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-1 seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here 1 Jet forth the Title of this A£i\; and in making true Maps or Plans thereof ‘ to be laid before the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

'So help me GOD.»

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or One of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to administer when and as often as Occasion shall require; and such Oath, and also the Instrument or Instruments of Appointrnent of any new Surveyor, shall be respectively enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner as by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

Charge to be V. And be it further enacted, That the Surveys or Admeasurements paid our- including all necessary Re-surveys, and all Plans, except the fair Plan Teyor’ upon Vellum herein-after particularly mentioned, shall be paid for at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Acre for each and every Acre of Land

which

■ ev'k * modi nssMrt$d floudoO

47° GEORGII Illy Copy bstnioq

which shall be funded, admeasured, and planned in pm^ugwe^of this Act; and the said Surveyor shall at all Times , bear and pay h^.ayrt

Expences; and in case of the Death d'f such Surveyor before 'Surveys, Admeasurements,'and Plans as aforesaid, (fiall. be" finished, and in every such Case the Executors or Acltniniftratofo' of evepy- T^ch Surveyor so dying shall be paid after the Rate of Four-penfce per' Xcx^ipr each and every Acre which shall have been , once only Turveyed j'Jppd Sixpence per Acre for each and every Acre that shall have been turveyed more than once, and for setting out the Allotments, attending the Coinin’(Tioners, and executing such other BufineL as shall necessarily hive beeh done by the said Surveyor relative to the said Division, at and after the Rate of Two Guineas for every Day in which he shall have bee'rjio employed.

24r

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor shall, after Surveyor to the Division and' Allotment of the Lands and Grounds intended'to make a fair be hereby divided and inclosed shall be completed, make a fair la an y *jj

upon Vellum of all the said Lands and Grounds intended so be heriffiy tlle Common, divided and allotted, whereon respectively shall be truly’arid difliilffly end his delineated, Yet down, rrarked, and expressed, the fevera) Matters" and Charge for Things nceiDfy or proper to be inserted therein, for th'p bettgr explamnm the lame-the Award of the said CoUftmissioners, and for which shir Plan upon "V3-1 im the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings shall be paid, and1 lib

nfcre. r i

■. oqq-. «iu> sJen^noii

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Encroachments Encroach- , shall have been taken from the said Common Moor of Traci ef.

'Wr.ffrClrotind, (save and except such as have bten peicdably‘‘and qufetfe’ for 2IYears, fiijoydd for the Space of Twenty-cne Years last past oh up’.v'ard^‘'vd&VjJt to be deemed any Interruption or Payment of Acknowledgement) shall be deemed Part Part °*the «r.d Parcel of :. he said Common Moor of Triad: of Watte Ground fp to

be ivek l; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise touchingvarfy such In ch ures or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the said b om ? r r Tract of Watte Ground, frfeh Differences on Djiputes shah . . unined into and determined by the said Commissioners; nvf -

VI L And be it further enacted That the said Commissioners shall and Cortimission-they are. hereby required to cauie Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of ElJ'don a. re- . said, and also to be inserted in the Newcdfde- apan Tyne Courant Kewl- or

paner, of the Time and Place of their First. ;«r.'Y and Third Meetings Third - Lct-respectively which shall be holden at Otserburm, in the said Parish and Manor, for putting this Act :r: Execution^ at least Ten Days next before holden at such iMpcftive Meetings; •; that the said Commissioners shall and maV Otterbourne, after their said Third i . t ig from Timd to Tir e appoint such Tirrte anti Pbce for every subs: quest Meeting as they shall think, proper, 'c&using-fe an(j their fob-Notice in Writi; under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal sequentMeet-Door of the p-riffi Church of Elfdon aforesaid, Eight Days at least before WS8* every such f quest Meeting; but the Did Commissioners at their Fiatt, pow€rtoa(j. Second, or Third Meeting, or any other subsequent Meeting or Meetings journ such shall have iull Power and Authority, from Time to Time as they shall Meetings, think it convenient, to continue such First, Second, or Third Meeting, or any subsequent Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment for the due Exe-£!.«■. Ss5 Pfr.] 3 P cution

24-2

If only one Commissioner present, he may adjourn, giving due N-jtxe to the other Commissioners.

Commissionera to determine t-uifer-encea.

Power to try diluted Claims at Law.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

cution of this Act,-'without giving any Notice whatsoever of such Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment, otherwise than by leaving at the Time and Place where such Meeting or Meetings shall be held, Notice under their Hands when and where such adjourned Meetings are to be held from Time to Time: Provided always, that if it shall happen that no more than One of the said Commissioners shall attend at any Meeting or Meetings ;as aforesaid, to be holden pursuant to this Act, such Commissioner may and he hath hereby full Power and Authority to adjourn such Meeting or Meetings respectively, to such Time not exceeding Eight Day s, as he shall see most convenient, giving due Notice thereof in Writing to the other of the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall happen to arise between the Parties that now are or shall, before the making the Award hereinafter mentioned, be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or any of them, tpuching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them shall claim in the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them ought to have of or in the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Coni-missioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to hear and determine the same.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affected by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, and shall be desirous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests respectively tried at Law, and the Person or Persons so desirous to have the fame tried at Law shall and do, by themselves or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners or either of them, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commissioners or Umpire, of which Notice the said Commissioners and Umpire are hereby required, immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents as aforesaid, then, but not afterwards, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, and he, die, cr they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law of the fame, at the Allizes to be holden for the County of 'Northumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster, by the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, against: the Lord of the said Manor of Rid/dale, or any Person or Persons interested in the said Division, whp shall make such Objection or Objections, within Two Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such

Actioa

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 24-3

Acfiojl oi- Actions Audi forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Issue or Issues whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined, such Iil'ue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, if the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions shall be final and conclusive to all Persons whomsoever; and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained and not let aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Caule shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded; but if no such Action or Actions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons giving such Notice within the Time aforesaid, or if such Action or Actions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the first Assizes which shall be holden for the said County of Northumberland after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving such Notice, by or on account of the Neglect or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in such Case the Determination of the Commissioners shall be final, binding* and conclusive unto and upon all Parties whomsoever.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Parties Action? not in any Action or Actions to be brought and prosecuted in pursuance of to a^ate by this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action or Actions shall not 'p^"ath 0 abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event ‘

had happened.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Commission miff oners shall and they are hereby empowered, at their Discretion, upon cr* loaflcti Request made to them by all or any of the Parties in whose favour they Colts, shall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, for the Use and Benefit of such

Party or Parties, upon or against the Person or Persons whose Claim or Clai; s, Objection or Objections, Complaint or Complaints, shall be thereby disallowed, f as the Case shall happen1 and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners to levy such Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such last-mentioned Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case there shall be no Goods and Chattles whereby to levy the same, then it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons in whose favour such Costs shall be awarded to recover the fame by Action or Actions of Debt or on the Cafe, in which it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum specified in the Order of Adjudication made by the said Commissioners, and in consequence of such Order of Adjudication, without setting forth any other of the Proceedings therein had.

XIII. And, for preventing all Disputes and Differences which may Conuniflion-arise touching the Repairs of the Publick Highways and Roads which *v^at"e

fit, _ . shall

244 47° GEORG 11 ill, Cap. 17.

set out and appointed in pursuance of this Act, or of the said belong. 1 Act of the Forty-first Year aforesaid, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereoy authorized and required to determine and adjudge what Part or Parts of the said Highways and Roads so to be set out and appointed shall belong to any and what Townships, Wards, or Quarters respectively •, and the said Commissioners Aiall in and by their General Award order and direct by what Townships, Wards, or Quarters, respectively such Highways and Roads shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair; and the Owners or Occupiers of Messuages Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Inhabitants in each of such Townships, Wards, or Quarters respectively, shall from and after the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners maintain, amend, and keep such respective publick Highways and Roads in Repair as shall be so determined and adjudged to belong to such Townships, Wards, or Quarters respectively, in the same Manner as ancient and common publick Highways and Roads are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

Allotment of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall l-iCth of the anj they are hereby required, according to the belt of their Skill and the Tord of Judgement (after deducting so much and such Part and Parts of the said the Manor Common Moor or Tract of Waite Ground as they may think proper,

for Soil; to set out and appoint for publick Highways, Roads, Drains, Water-

courses, and for a common Quarry or Quarries, and common Watering Places and Wells, and also for a common Peat Moss or common Peat Mofifes, for the digging, cutting, and curing of Peats for Fuel for the Use of the several Persons interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure; and which said Highways, Roads, Drains, Waterceurfes, Quarries, Watering Places, and Wells, and Peat Modes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized to set out and appoint in and by their Award accordingly, to set out, allot, and appoint unto and for the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, as the Lord of the Manor of Ridsdale, or to and for the Person or Persons who shall for the Time being be Lord or Lady of the said Manor, his, her, or their Heirs, and AlTigns, One full Sixteenth Part in Value (Quantity, Quality, and Situation conl dered) of the said Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground so to be divided and allotted, in one Plot, and adjoining, (or as near as the Circumstances will admit of) to the Lord of the Manor’s Allotment set out upon the late Division of Trougbend Common, within the same Manor, in lieu of and as a fall Compenf.ition and Satisfaction for his and their Right and Intereil to the Soil of the said Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also for his Consent to the said Divt-and t!ie Re- flon and Inclosure thereof; and after making such Deductions and Aliot-fidue among nients as aforesaid the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby re-Intifledto* <piied to set out, divide, apportion, allot, and appoint the Residue of die Right of said Common Moor or Tract of Waite Ground unto and amenglt the several Common. Persons respectively having Right of Common upon the said Moor or Tract cf Waste Ground, in proportion and according to the respective Values of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof, they are respectively so entitled: Provided always, that all (he Houses and Buildings not occupied with some Farm of Land on the Twelfth

4 Day

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 245

Day of May which ■was in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight Houses not hundred and five, shall be valued separately from the Lands, Garths, p' m’ and Gardens; and the Allotments to be made in respect of such Houses on ;nh May or Buildings shall be less by One Third in proportion 10 the Value of 1805,to be such Houses and Buildings than the Allotments to be made in respect of valued fe-any Lands, Garths, and Gardens; but no separate Valuation shall be rarat'-made of any Houses or Buildings which were occupied with and were Part and Parcel of any Farm of Land on the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, but such last-mentioned Houses and Buildings, shall be considered as included in the said Valuation of the Lands constituting such Farm to which they respectively belong.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Encroscli-mi/Ttoners shall and they are hereby required, in all Cafes where the fame can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation iv-fons in of the adjoining Lands, to assign and allot unto such Person or Persons Pofflffion entitled to and having Right of Common upon the said Common Moor thereof or Trad of Wade Ground as are in the PoflefEon of any such Encroachment or Encroachments as is or are herein-before directed to be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Common Moor or Trad of Waste Ground, all and every the Lands and Grounds comprised therein, and all Edifices and Buildings erected thereon, for and in Part of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively by virtue of this Act, unless it shall happen that such respective Encroachments shall be greater or more (Quantity and Quality considered) than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto which such Person or Persons in the Possession of such Encroachment or Encroachments respectively would be entitled to for and inrefped of their ancient Estate, in which Cafe a proportionable Part of such Encroachment or Encroachments shall be deduded from the same respectively; and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required, in their Valuation of such Encroachments for the Purposes aforesaid, to estimate the fame according to their original Value in their open State, without any Regard to the Improvement made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings which are erected or built thereon.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor or Pro- Diffinft Al-prietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments, in Right of which they lotmentsto are interested in the said hereby intended Division and Inclosure, or which

are by this Act authorized to be exchanged, (h ill hold their said respective by different *5 Lands or Hereditaments for different E (tares, or under different Titles, Titles or for the said Commissioners Ihafl ascertain and did inguish the Lands or other different Hereditaments held for each of such Estates, and under each of such Estates-Titles respectively, and shall also set out and distinguish the different Allotments or other Hereditaments to be allotted for, accepted and taken as an Equivalent in respect of such Lands and Hereditaments respectively, and the said Commissiopers shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set forth and declare, in and by their said General Award, in Right of what Premises in particular such Allotments shall have been respectively made, and therein also separately to describe artd ascertain the '

■Situation of every such Allotment.

• t

[Lac. Per.]; 3 Q XVII. Pro.

246

Allotments ti> be in tile lame Town-ships as llsc

auc.cnt

panels.

Allotments

for Property granted by i.eni-s at Hack-Rent So be set out tJ*;ie Letters.

Allotments that may happen to be sold, may on Request be allotted to the Purchasers by the general Award.

Ibtchanges.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Allotments of the said Common Moor or Tract of Wade Ground to be assigned, let out, allotted, and appointed by the said Commissioners in respect of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, having Right of Common thereon as aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the Township, Quarter, Ward, or Place, Townships, Quarters, Wards, or Places respectively, wherein the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do lie, or are situate, in respect of which such Allotments shall be respectively made,

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Allotments to be let out and made by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Property granted or demised, or held by any Leases or Agreements for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at Rack Rent, shall be allotted to the respective Lelfors or Owners of such Property, and shall be held and enjoyed by them respectively, free from all Right, Title, and Interest of their respective Lessees or Tenants, by virtue of or under such Leases or Agreements; and such respective Lessors or Owners shall make such Abatements of the Rent reserved or made payable by such Leases or Agreements respectively, for and on account of their taking such Allotments as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be just and reasonable, and shall in and by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, ascertain, direct, and appoint.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons entitled in Fee Simple to any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common Moor or Trad of Waste Ground, shall by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the said Commissioners at any ol their Meetings, previously to their preparing a Draft of their General Award, signify and declare that he, she, or they hath cr have fold and disposed of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments to any Person or Persons to be named and described in such Writing, and shall delire the same to be let out, allotted, and appointed to the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, the said Commissioners in every such Case shall and they are hereby authorized to set out, allot, and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall have so given Notice of their having fold and disposed thereof, to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Notice to be the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Allotment or Allotments; and the said Allotment or Allotments so fold and disposed of, shall, in every such Case from and after the Execution of the said General Award of the said Commissioners, become and the fame is and are hereby declared to be veiled in Fee Simple in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been, by such Notice or Writing as aforesaid, so signified and declared to have been so sold as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, assign, and allot, any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, cr any Messuages, Buildings, inclosed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditameats in the

Parish

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. ?47

Parish of Eljllon aforesaid, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments in the same Parish, with such Exceptions and RiTervntions as may be thought necessary, so that every such Exchange be let forth and ascertained by the General Award of the said Commissioners, and a!l'o be made with the Consent of the respective Proprietors or Persons seised or entitled in Possession of or to the Hereditaments so to be exchanged for any Life or Lives, or for some Estate of Inheritance, or of the 11 ulnar, Js, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors, who shall at the Time of making such Exchanges be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunaticks, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, and so as all Exchanges ol Lands or other Hereditaments held inRight of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecdefiallical Benefice, be made with the Consent of the Patron thereof, and the Bishop of the Diocese in which the same are situate, such Consents to be respectively signified by Writing under the Hands a'.id Seals of the consenting Parties, or under the common Seal of any of them, being Corporations Aggregate; and every Exchange so made and declared, shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in Law, and the respective Lands or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall become and be of the fame Tenure, and held under the fame Rents and Services, and go and remain to the same Person or Persons, and to, for, and upon the same Uses, Estates, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and be subject to the same Powers, Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be exchanged would have gone and remained, and have been subject or liable to, in case the Exchange thereof had not been made.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Notices which by this Act Notices to or the said Act of the Ferty-first Year of the present Reign are required to be given or published in some publick Newspaper, of setting out publick c'j^cc c"’ Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Com- Courant. missioners, and of any other Act, Matter or Thing, shall be inserted in the Neevcafile upon Tyne Courant, or if that Newspaper shall not then be published, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the County of Northumberland.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the General Award to be made Award to bs by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act *m'iled, and of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, and this Act, shall be enrolled *Yth'the with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, on or Clerk of the before the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and Peace, for the said County next after the Epiphany, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight, or as soon after as may be; and the said original General Award, and such Plans or Surveys, as may be annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Parish Church of Eljdon aforesaid, to the end that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or persons interested in the said Division; which said Award and Plans, and every other Award and Instrument to be lodged with the said Award, shall and may be inspected, at all seasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice of the Party requiring such Inspec, tion.

248

Commissior.-era may execute Duplicates of the *' ward for Persons requiring and paying for the same.

Allotments to be of the fame Tenure as the ancient Lands.

Act not to

affca Wi Is,

but Allotments to go to the lame

Vies.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Conunissioners shall, at the Request, Colts, and Charges of any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Stewards or Agents, having any Allotment or Allotments of flic' said Lands ajui CiouDd- hereby intended to be divided, or otherwise interested therein, at si. rime before the depositing of the said Award,' make and execute another Part or other Parts cr the said Award, Plans, and Surveys, cr any of them, for the Use of the Person or Persons requesting tire fame; and loch other Part or other Parte Hull at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it farther enacted, That all and every Allotment and Allotments of Lands and Grounds which shall be made, set out, or appointed, in pursuance of this Act, shall be held by the fame Tenure, and dull be subject to the fame yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs and Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits and Services, as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so let out or allotted, are and have heretofore been holden respectively; and the Lord of the said Manor of Rid/Jale, his Heirs and Assigns, shall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities, for recovering and enforcing the fame respectively, as they could or might have had in respect of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before the passing of this Act; but that the said several and respective Messuages, Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out and allotted, and the Allotments made in respect thereof, shall not nor shall any of them be subject to any new or increased yearly or other Rents and Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, hubs, or Services whatsoever, to the Lord of the said Manor of Ridj'JaU, his lleirs and Assigns, 4

_XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or adjudged to revoke, alter, annul, or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease, whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons whoiu-soever having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance of, in, out of, or upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof any Allotment of the said Common Moor or Trad of Wade Ground shall be made by virtue of this Act; but that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be assigned or allotted upon the said Division to the several Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners, be veiled in and remain, continue' arid enure to, and be held and enjoyed by the several Persons to whom the same shall be alligned or allotted respectively; and they shall from., thenceforth (land and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, 'Interests, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and subject and liable-to the fame Wills, Limitations, Estates, Conditions,. Settlements, Provisoes, Remainders,:.. Reversions, L cases-. Debug. Charges, and Incumbrances of. every. Kind, as. tho several.;Hereditaments in respect whereof the fame Lands, Tenements, and Heredita* ntents, shall be respectively alligned or allotted, would have flood severally I. \ . .1 t u limited

249

47° GEORGII III. Cap. (7.

limited or settled to or upon, or have been several I y subject and liable to, ot Inch '.llotments thereof had not been made, or this Act had not been passed, except as to such L ases and Agreements at Rack-Rent as shall le determined under this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or In Cafes Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which Audi be divided or exchanged, or in Right of which Allotments fit all be made by virtue by differ of this Act, shall hold- their respective Lands and Hereditaments for entTitles, Lc. different Estates or under different Titles, and where from the Want and the Com-of the necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from any ether Cause, their Award shall have omitted the distinguishing and afeer- aiftin^uiflied tair.ing of the Lands or other Hereditaments holden for each of such Lflates such Lands and under each of such Titles respectively, and the setting out and award- and awarded ing of several and distinct Allotments for such respective La.ids or other Hereditaments as herein-before is required, and after the making of the the fame in said Award, Request shall be made to the said Commissioners by any their General Person or Persons interclled, by Writing under his, her, or their Eland Award, they, or Hands, to have such Otr.iflion supplied by a separate Instrument, then and m every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized by C to do every" thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as Deed, after that Purpose Ihr.il require to examine Witnesses, and in every other respect ll'e >" Aiyg to proceed and aft as if the Award had not been made; and, when they shall have obtained what they shall think sufficient Information, are hereby also authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals,- to distinguish and ascertain the Difference of Tenure Eftan s and Titles respectively, anti accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required, where such Difcnmination should be contained in the said General Award; and tvety such separate Instrument shall be enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof shall be given in the same Manner, as by the said Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them respectively, is directed concerning the said General Award of the said Commissioners; and all Expem es w'hich shall reasonably be incurred in or about any such separate Instrument as aforesaid shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners to make and execute the fame or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; and every such separate Instrument shall from and immediately after the Execution thereof by the said Commissioners have the fame Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Contents thereof had been iiiferted and contained in their said General Award; and the fame shall, after such Inrolment as aforesaid, be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request any such Omission shall have been so supplied, or to the Person or Persons to whom the C.ustody of the Deeds and Writings concerning ttie Titles to the Premises in question shall in the Opinion of the said Commissioners most properly belong.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Allotments to Allotments be made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and to bc kn«d. fenced, by and at the Expence of such respfcftrve Proprietors, in such Manner,.and within such Time, and shall be thenceforth kept in Repair m fuih Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall in their General Award order and direct.

[_Loc. & Per.]

3*

253 47° GB'GRyll III. Cap. 17.

NoT"r* 5. XXV IF. And be it further enacted, That from and after the jfaifing

°ut C t^ls Act it find] not be lawful for any "Penon or Persons other than and

except the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, and the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, to cut, dig, or carry away any Turves or Sods in or upon or from off the said Common Moor or Tract of Waite Ground, or any Part thereof, until the faille shall be allotted and set out as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence to the Lord o<" Lady of the Manor for the Time being, such Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings as shall be assessed in the Nature of an Amerciament at any Court Leet or Court Baron to be hodden for the said Manor, the same to be affected by the AiTeerors then and there sworn, and which Amerciament or Amerciaments when so affeered shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by virtue- of a Precept to the Bailiff or Bailiff's of the said Manor, to be directed for that Purpose, by the Steward of the Court of the said Manor; and the Money arising from ali such Amerciaments shall be paid to the Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

the^Divisioii

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expenc*s to be paid by of foliating, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of furveving planning, the Partics. and nieafuring, dividing and allotting, the said Common Moor or Tract of Waite Ground, and of making Highways or Roads, and of all other the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Execution of this Act, and not herein otherwise directed to be paid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several and respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common Moor or Tract of Waite Ground shall be respectively made, his, her, or their Hers, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in proportion to the real Values of their respective Allotments, to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and the several and respective Shares and Proportions of all such Fees, Payments, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, shall be payable, and be paid by such Owners and Proprietors respectively, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as shall by the said Commissioners either before or after the Execution of their General Award as aforesaid be ordered, directed, and appointed, in Writing under their Hands respectively, Twenty Days before the Time appointed for such Payment.

Commissioners to pay their own £xpence3.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act shall at all and every of their Attendances or Meetings for putting this Act into Execution bear and pay their own Expences; and that when and as fcon as the said intended Division, and other Purposes of this Act,' shall be finished and completed, and the said Commissioners shall have executed their said General Award, they the said Commissioners respectively shall be paid and allowed each of them the Sum of Tw o Pounds Two Shillings for each and every Day upon which they respectively shall have attended a Meeting ai:d transacttd Business-vin or for putting this Act into Execution.

CommifiLn-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ers to and they are hereby required respectively to keep or cauie to be kept a

account. ' Q ja&

just and true Statement and Account of all sums of Money which shall be raised or received, and laid out or expended by them, or by their Order, or for their Use, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and of what (Trail be due or owing- to them for their own Trouble or bxpences, and shall truly and ny ularly enter all the Particulars of such Statement and Accounts in a Booh to lie provided for that Purpose, and such Accounts shall at lealt Once in every Year from the passing of this Act, till such Accounts shall be finally allowed,together with the Vouc hers 1 elating to the fame, be examined and settled by Robert Hopper L 'Hliamfon, of the Town and County of Ncivcajllc upon Tyne, Pfqutre, v ho is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose; and in case of his Death, or Refusal to act, by such fit and proper Person as shall be appointed Auditor in his Stead by the Majority, in Value of the said Proprietors, at a*'Meeting to be holden in like manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the Mcbting of the said Proprietors, for the Purpo-fes of appointing a Commissioner in the Place of the said William Rates--, and such Auditor for the Time being snail from Time to Time (late in Writing under his bland the Balance of the said Accounts in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid, in Law, unless the lame shall be duly allowed by such Auditor; and also that such Book of Accounts mall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors, or their Agents, at all fcasonable Times during the Progress of the said , Division and Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been finally sett'ed and allowed; and in case the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall refuse or neglect so to do, the Commissioner or Commissioners, or Clerk respectively, so refusing or neglecting shall for every such Refufid or Neglect forfeit and pay to any Person who flrall sue for the same the Sum of, Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of Ihis Majesty's Courts bf Record at Weftntin/ler, by Action of Debt, or on the Calc.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons who Money which have Right of Common in or upon the said Common Moor or 1 raft of ma>’ bf ad~ Waite Ground, or any other Person or Persons on their Behalf shall act- obtaining"^! vance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of defraying executing the E.vpence of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the this Act, to fame into Execution, all such Persons shall be fully repaid the fame, toge-therWith Interest thereon, after the Rate of l ive Pounds for One Hun- with Interest dred Pounds for a Year, out of the first Money which shall be raised for the Purposes of this Act, such Interest to be computed from the Time or respective Times of advancing or lending the said Sum or Sums of Money to the Time or respective Times of the Repayment thereof.

XXX1IT. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Power to shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done aPPsa1, in pursuance of the saidjAft of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, or of this Act, (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things as are by the find Act or this Act directed or authorized to be ascertained, letfled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or whereby any of the Provisions of ftfS said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, or of this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the

252

Owners of Allotments may get Freestones and Lime-stones, and Slates, and may cut Feats.

The Act not

tn prejudice the Lord of the Manor to i he Royalties.

470 GT ORGII tl L dap. 17.

said Commissioners arc directed to be fi t?.! or conc'ufive) he, flu*, _or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sedions of the Peace, which shall be holder, for the County of Northumberland, within Six Calendar Mori'lii next after the Cause of Complaint Aral! have arisen, givlhfc Notice m Writing of every such Appeal, by aifixing such Notice, ex-prcning the Cause of Complaint upon the principal Door of the Pardo Chu'ch of Elj'don aforesaid, Fourteen Days at lealt before such General Quarter Seihon,; and the Justices of the Peace adembled at such General Quarter Sessions, or at any subsequent "General Quarter Sessions to which the said Justices shall adjourn any such Appeal, either for Want of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, or for any other Cause which to the said Justices shall seem a diffident Cause to adjourn such Appeal, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Cods, as to them in their Discretion shall Idem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Damages and Cods which shall be awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon every such Appeal shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other PfOcefs or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of the several Lands to be allotted in pursuance of this Act, at any Time or Times thereafter, to win, get. and work therein Freeflones, Limestones, and Slates, for the Use of the Grounds so to be allotted to them, and also Freeflones, Limestones, and Slates, for the Use of the Mdfuages, Lands, Tenements, Walls, Fences, and Hereditaments, in respect of which such Allotments Hull be made, but for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that it tTia.ll and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Proprietors of the said several allotted Lands, to dig, cut, get, and cure therein Peats for Fuel, or any other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and further that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Proprietors of the’said several allotted L.ands to dig and get therein Clay for Bricks and for Tiles, or any other Ule or Purpose ■whatsoever.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to defeat, lelfen, or prejudice the Right, Title, and filtered of the said Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland as Lord of the said Manor of Rid/dale, and the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies, of the said Manor for the Time being, of, in, and to all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, lying and being within or under the said Common Moor or Tract of Wafts Ground here, by intended to be divided and inclosed, and also of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manor; but that the said Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and all succeeding Lords and Ladies of the said Manor fur the Time being, shall and may, from Time

" " to

*53

47# GGEORG-II III. Cap. r 7.

to Time an4 at all Times for ever hereafter, have hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, free Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Customs, Suits, and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Courts Leet, and Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Perquisites ot Courts Leet, and all Things which to Courts Leet and Views of Frank-, pledge and Courts Baron do belong or appertain, within and throughout the said Manor and every Part thereof, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons ofthemselves, and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treasure Trove, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, Escheats, Fairs, Markets, Tolls, Customs, Stallages, Dues, Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters, and Things whatsoever, to the said Manor, or to the Lord of Lady thereof for the Time being, incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the said Common Moor or Tract of Wade Ground, and such Common Right thcieon respectively as could or might be claimed by them, for which Compensation is herein-before directed to be made), in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made; and that the said Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and all succeeding Lords and Ladies of the said Manor oiRidfdale, or his, her, and their Tenants, Lessees, or Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times, hereafter, have hold, win,' work, and enjoy exclusively, all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, slave and except the said publick Quarries, and such other Freeilone, Limestone, and Slate, Clay for-Bricks and Tiles, and the digging, cutting, and curing Peats for Fuel as aforesaid), within and under the said Common Moor or Tract of Waite. Ground'hereby directed, to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof respectively, and that the ft vend Allotments, thereof, in pursuance of this Act, together with all convenient' and neqe£ fary Ways and Wayleaves, and also Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon-Ways and' other Ways in, through, over, and along the fame, or any Part thereof, and also for searching for, winning, and working the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones, Fofiils, and other Tilings to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, or Collieries belonging to the said Moll; Nobie Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies, of the said Manor for the Time being, and of making Pits, Shafts, and Sumps, Pit-rooms and Heap-rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the fame, and of erecting, building, and using Houses Drawkilns, Erection', Buildings, Fire Engines, Mills, and other Erections and Buildings, and of altering, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their free Will and Pleasure, and to do, execute, and perform au such other Works, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, either now in use or hereafter to be invented as shall be necessary or convenient for the.full and complete Working, Use, and Enjoyment of such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries hereby reserved, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they, might or could have done in case this Act had not been made.

Lord of t!:? Manor to work Min^s and lav Waggon Ways, &c.

t-noiwiT

~?rmJ but

itM*I

ILcc.tf Per.]

254

For making Cotr.pen fa-tion for Damages in w orking Mines after Inclosures, except during the Remainder of a Term of Twenty one Years.

General

Saving.

47° GEORGII III. Cap.\ 7.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and all succeeding Lords and Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being, and his, her, and their respective Tenants, Lessees, and Workmen, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of a certain Term of Twenty one Years, commencing front the Feast of the Annunciation of the bltffed Virgin Mary, which was in the Year of cur Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, granted by the said Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, by Indenture of Lease, peaceably and quietly to have, ufc, and enjoy at his and their free Will and Pleasure, all such Ways, Engines, Pits, Shafts, Pit-rooms, Heap-rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, Houses, Hovels, and Lodges fr Workmen, and all and singular other Privileges, Powers, Liberties, and Things whatsoever, as are in and by the said Indenture of Lease dentifed or granted, without paying or makine any Compensation or Satisfaction for Damage or Spoil of Ground, or i.ofs to be occasioned thereby, or by any of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; but in case the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor for the Time being, or any Person cr Tenons claiming under him, her, or them, shall, after the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty-one Years, and after such Inclosures or Allotments made as aforesaid, search for, win, or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals or Quarries, lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Inclosures to be made as aforesaid, 01 lead or carry away the Produce of or from any such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, then and in such Case the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor for the Time being, or such Person or Persons so claiming under him, her, or them, shall make a real'onable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil ot Ground occasioned thereby, or determined by ereefing or building any Houses, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire-Engines or other Engines, Mills, or other Erections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away tire fame, or any of the Materials thereof, as aforesaid, or by the laying, placing, and using of any Waggon-Way or other Ways, as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in Poli'ellion of such Ground, at the Time or Times of such Damage or Spoil, and also from Time to Time filling: up or otherwise fencing in all useless Pits, to prevent as much as possible the Danger and Damage to arise from Pits being left open, unfilled up, or not properly fenced round.

XXXVII. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the several other Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotments shall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests as they, every, or any of them, had or en-joyi d of, in, to, or out of the said Common Moor or Trad of Waste G cund hereby directed to be divided and allotted before the passing of this Act, or could or might or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 255

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Adtlhall be printed by Tob? printed the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof ubuck so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807

? ' -

• ’ ■.

I4V >? ,

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of CorfenJidey within the Manor of Ridsdale, in the County of Northumberland.

[9th April 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Corfenftde, in the County of Northumberland, Two Commons, or Tracts of Waite Land, the one of the said Commons, called Chesterhopo Common, containing by Estimation Three thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and the other of the said Commons, called Stiddlehill Common, and containing by Estimation One thousand two hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which said Two Commons lie contiguous to and adjoin each other: And whereas the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the Manor of Ridsdale, and as such is or claims to be seised of or entitled to the Soil and the Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties of, within, and under the said Two Commons or Trails of Waste Land: And whereas John Reed, of Chipchafe Cajile, in the said County of Northumberland, and John Reed, of Acklington Park, in the same County, Esquires, and several other Persons, are seised and possessed of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish and Manor aforesaid, and in respect thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Commons or Tracis of Waste Land, or the one of them: And whereas the said Commons or Tracts of Waste Land, in their present State, are of little Use or Advantage, but considerable Parts thereof respectively are capable of Cultivation and Im-[L«c. 1st Per.] 3 T provement.

258

Commissioners.

New Commissioners to be appointed upon Vacancies

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

provement, and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid are willing and desirous that the said Commons or Tracis of Write Land, with the Content of the Lord of the said Manor, should be divided and allotted, by Commissioners in that Behalf to be appointed, amongst the said John Reed, of Chip chafe Castle, and John Reed, of Ack-lington Park, and the several other Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon respectively, or otherwise interested therein, which will be advantageous to all the Parties interested, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their respective Estates; but, as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Bell, of Newcastle upon Tyne, Gentleman, and William Bates the elder, of Chollerton, in the County of Northumberland, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, and allotting the aforesaid Commons or Tracts of Waite Land, and for putting this Act in Execution, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations as are herein-after contained, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained in an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fails usually required on the passing of such Aits, as are not controlled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations, contained in this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners hereby appointed, or either of them, shall die, or shall neglect to act for the Space of One Calendar Month when occasion shall require their Attendance on the Business hereby committed to their Charge, or shall refuse to act, or be rendered incapable of acting, by Sickness or any other Cause whatsoever, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them shall be carried into Execution, a new Com midi oner or Commissioners shall and may be nominated and appointed in the Place or Places of him or them so dying, neg’efting, or refusing to act, or rendered incapable as aforesaid, in Manner following; (that is to say), in case the said John Bell shall die, neglect, refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the said Duke of Northumberland, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being of the said Manor, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being of the said Manor, being an Infant or Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, shall and may by any Instrument in Writing under his, her, their, or any of their Hand or Hands, within Thirty Days next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity as aforesaid, or so soon afterwards as conveniently may be, nominate and appoint a proper Person, not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested, to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said John Bell; and in case the said William Bates shall die, neglect, refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the major Par-: in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons or Tracts

of

259

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Waste Land hereby intended to be divided, exclusive of the Lord or Lords,

Lady of Ladies of the said Manor, or their respective Agents present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, (of which Meeting Notice shall be given by any Two or more of such Proprietors and Owners, or their re-. ipcftive Agents, or by the other Commissioner for putting this Act into Execution, by affixing the fame on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Corfenftde aforesaid, and also causing the same to be inserted in One or more of the Newca/lle upon Tyne Weekly Newspapers, Ten Days at least before such Meeting) shall and may by any Instrument in Writing tinder their Hands nominate and appoint a proper Person, not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of 'Any Person so interested, to be a Commissioner in the room of the said William Bates; and in case of the Death of any Person so to be hereafter nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, or of his Neglect or Refusal to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, the Person or Persons respectively by whom such Commissioner was nominated and appointed, or authorized to be nominated and appointed, their respective Heirs, Successors, Agents, or Assigns, shall in like Manner nominate and appoint another Commissioner in his Room, and so from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy shall happen by such Death,

Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of every such new Commissioner or Commissioners so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and every Person who shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution as if he had been nominated and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; which said several Instruments of Nomination and Appointment shall be inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner as in and by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and this Act, is directed concerning the general Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

III. And for the more effectually obviating and preventing any Incon- How Dif. venience or Delay which might otherwise happen, or be occasioned in the Proceedings of the said Commissioners by reason of any Difference in Commission. Opinion between them touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the ers are to be Execution of the Powers of this Act, cr any Point or Points, Question or settled. Oueftions, arising out of or relating thereto; be it further enacted, That if any Difference of Opinion shall happen to arise between the Commissioners for the Time being touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or any Point or Points,

Question or Questions arising out of or relating thereto, then and as often as the Case shall so happen, all and every such Matters or Things, or Points or Oueftions respectively, upon which there shall be any such Difference in Opinion between the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be referred by the said Commissioners to George Sample, of Highwood in the County of Northumberland, Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Umpire for the Purpose of hearing, adjudging, and determining all such Matters in Dispute, or Things, and Points or Questions, as shall or may a rife or happen between the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and in case of the Death of the said George Sample, or his refusing to act as Umpire as aforesaid, or his neglecting to act, or being rendered incapable of acting by Sickness or any other Cause whatsoever, during the Space of One Calendar Month when Occasion shall require him to act, or in case of the Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Incapacity of any other Person who may be appointed an Umpire in his 11 Place

26o

Commissioners to give Notice of holding their Meetings.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 8.

Place by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time and at all Times, as the Case shall happen, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure to be an Umpire in the Place of the Umpire so dying, re-fusing, neglecting, or being rendered incapable of acting as aforesaid, and every Person so to be nominated and appointed an Umpire in and by this Act, and the Determination and Award of the said George Sample, or of such other Person as shall for the Time being be nominated and appointed Umpire as aforesaid, to be expressed in Writing under his Hand, shall be and shall be taken and deemed by the said Commissioners as conclusive and binding upon them as to all and every the Matters or Things, or Points or Questions so respectively referred to his Determination as aforesaid, to the Intent that the said Commissioners may be thereby enabled to proceed in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and to make their Award, as herein-after directed, notwithstanding any such Difference in Opinion between them as aforesaid; and the said George Sample, to whom such Dif-putes or Things, and Points or Questions shall be referred as aforesaid, and such other Person or Persons as shall or may hereafter be nominated and appointed Umpire, shall take and subscribe such or a similar Oath (to be administered by the said Commissioners or the one of them) as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign is directed to be taken by Commissioners, and shall have, and is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as by the said Act and this present Act are given to the Commissioners hereby appointed; but so nevertheless, as that the said George Sample and such other Person or Person as shall or may hereafter be nominated and appointed Umpire, shall ROf be empowered to act for any other Purpose than the determining of such Matters as may be referred to him or them as aforesaid; and that the said George Sample, and such other Person or Persons who shall be nominated and appointed Umpire for the Time being, shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money, as a Compensation for his and their Trouble in determining the Matters so to be referred to him or them as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and which Sums of Money the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to pay out of the Monies herein-after directed to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause a Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Corfenfide aforesaid, and also to be inserted in One or more of the Newcajlie-upon-Tyne Weekly Newspapers, of the Time and Place of their First/Second, and Third Meeting respectively, which shall be held at Woodburn Bridge End, in the County of Northumberland, for putting this Act in Execution, at least Fourteen Days before such Meeting respectively; and that the said Commissioners shall and may, after their said Third Meeting, from Time to Time appoint such Time and Place for every subsequent Meeting as they shall think proper, causing a Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Door of the said Parish Church of Corfenfide aforesaid, One Calendar Month at least before every subseqent Meeting; but the said Commissioners at the First, Second, or Third Meeting, or any: other subsequent Meeting or Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time, as they shall think it convenient, to continue

h First, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other subsequent Meeting ,nngs by Adjournment, for the due Execution of this Act, with-

• out

47° GEORGII III. Cap. i S. 261

out giving any Notice whatsoever of such Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment or otherwise, than by leaving at the Time and Place where Inch Meeting or Meetings shall be held, Notice under their Hands when and where such adjourned Meetings are to be held from Time to Time: Provided If only One always, that if it shall happen that only One of the said Commissioners Comnuffioner shall attend at any Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, to be holden pursuant ^adjourn to this Act, such Commissioner may, and he hath hereby full Power and giving Notice Authority to adjourn such Meeting or Meetings respectively to such Time to the other not exceeding One Calendar Month, as he shall see moil convenient, Commifikm-giving due Notice thereof in Writing to the other of the said Com- c' mi limners.

V. And be it further enacted, That true and exact Surveys and Ad- Surveys to be measurements shall be taken, and fair Plans made, of the said Commons take"'

or Tracts of Waste Land so intended to be divided and allotted; and also of the several Messuages, Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which Right of Common is claimed thereon respectively, fomc Time before the First Day of April which shall be in the Ytar of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight, or as soon after as conveniently may be, by William Bates the younger, of Choller ton, in the County of Northumberland, Land Surveyor; or in case of the Death, Neglect,

Refusal, or Incapacity by Sickness, or any other Cause whatsoever, of the said William Bates the younger, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, then the same shall be made and taken by such other fit and proper Person, being an experienced Surveyor of Land not beneficially interested in the said Division, nor an Agent to any Person so interested, as the Commissioners for the Time being shall by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time nominate and appoint.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Surveyor to Persons shall be capable of acting as Surveyor as aforesaid until he shall take an Oath, have taken and subscribed, before the said Commissioners, or One of

them, an Oath in the Form following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and hone/Hy ad Surveyor'*

‘ according to the best of my Skill and Judgement in surveying and Oath.

‘ admeasuring the Commons or Tracts of Waste Land intended to be ‘ divided and inclosed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-seventh

‘ Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, ['Here set forth the :Title of this AcT\; and also the several Mef-‘ fuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof Right ‘ of Common shall be claimed on the fame Commons or Tracts of Waste ‘ Land respectively, and in making true Maps or Plans thereof to be laid ‘ before the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or one of them, are and is hereby How to be authorized and required to atlminister when and as often as Occasion shall adminilleied. require; which Oath, and also the Inflruraent or Instruments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, shall be respectively enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the general Award to be made determined by the said Commissioners.

262

Charge to be paid Surveyor.

Surveyor to make a fair Plan upon Vellum of the Common, andhia Charge for the same.

Cncroach-ments,except those made for 21 Years, to be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided.

Commissioners to determin« Difference!.

pbwer.tp try disputed

iCmuXtt:

, u

47°' GEORGII ftP

VII. And'bc it'F^rfljer fcni5cd,-;, That biKAdmeafui'crftftlts,

including all necossary'Rc-survey?; rtfid hll Plan^'oxtepr Planupon

Vellum hereinafter pdrticularlymritt'bntd,'fhfill bfc pm Afcr;rtf and after' the Rate of Sixpence per Acre fbi- each SfM e\v:ry Atlfe-'bflthe Ldhd which shall be surveyed; admearfuivd. and planftdd ‘-in pursuanOe dt this Act; and the said Surveyor shall at all l i\nei;be£r and payh’wbwti Expences; and In case of the Death of such Surveyor before such Surveys, Admeaftirements, and Plans as aforesaid, strall be finished, thbiV bnd in every such Case the Executors or Adminilliators of' every stich Surveyor so dying, shall be paid after the Rate of Four-pence per Acre For each and every Acre which shall have been once only surveyed; and Sixpence per Acre for each and every Acre that shall have been surveyed more than Once; and for setting out the Allotments, attending the Connniilioners, and executing such other Business as shall necessarily have been done by the said Surveyor relative to the said Division, at and after the Rate of Two PoundsTwo Shillings for every Day on which he shall have been so employed;

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor shall, after the said Division and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided and inclosed shall be completed, make a fair Flail upon Vellum of all the said Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided and allotted, whereon respectively shall be truly and distintUy.delineated, set down, marked, and expressed, the several Matters and 'I hmgs.necessary or proper to be inserted therein, for the better explaining the Award, of the said Commissioners, and for which fair Plan upon Vellum the Sam of Twenty-one Pounds shall be paid, and no more. <. iBsgiO 10

oflioD sdt >>t novig sd

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Incroaehirienw which shall have been taken in and made from the said Commons qr Tracts of Waste Lands, (save and except such as* have been peaceably, and quietly enjoyed for the Space of Twenty-one Years last part, or upwards, without any . Interruption or Payment of any Acknowledgment) shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons or Trails of WalU- Land so to be divided as aforesaid; and in case any Difference or Dafputefhtril arise touching any such Inclosures or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the said Commons or Trails of Waste Lands, such Difftir-ences or Disputes shall be examined into and determined by the said-Gora-missioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference

shall happen to arise between the Parties that now are . or shall, before the making of the Award herein-after mentioned, be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them-shall claim in the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the re Ip active Shares and Proportions which they or any of them Ought to have of , or in the said Intended Division and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and requited to hear and determine the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments

1 6 intended

47° GEORGII III. Gap. iS. 263

intended to be divided or iffeded by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or-objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be diffatisiied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, or Umpire, and shall be desirous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests respectively tried at Law, and the Person or Persons so desirous of having the fame tried at Law shall and do by themselves or their respective Stewards,

Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the said ComhlilTiohers or either of them, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commiifiorters or Umpire, of which Notice the said Commissioners or Umpire [rtt the Cafe may bc\ are hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents as aforesaid, then, but not afterwards, it shall be lawful to and for the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, -• or Assigns, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to proceed t& a Trial or Trials at Law of the fame, at the Allizes to be holden for the j.'.f '

County of Northumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Pur- "

pose, to be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench or Cons- *irfh.i* mon Pleas, at Westminster, by the Person or Persons giving such Notice as ' ’ ' * aforesaid, again!! the Lord of the said Manor of Ridsdale, or any Person or Persons interested in the said Division, who shall make such Objection or Objections, within Two Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners or Umpire as aforesaid, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith narila an u./u.vl Attorney or Attornies who shall file Common Bail, or appear and Accept i p=j u One or more Issue or Issues, whereby all such Claim or Claims,1 and Rights 1 and Interests, may be properly tried and determined, fitch Issue or Tffiups to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall >:it b t-/ be brought, if the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Yerdid^r e‘> !:

Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions- shall be final and conclusive to all Persons whomsoever; and after any Verdict or Vier~ dids shall have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded; but if no such Action or Actions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons giving such Notice within the Time aforesaid, or if such. Action or Actions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the First Allizes which shall be holden for the said County of Northumberland, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving such Notice, by or on Account of the Neglect or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in such Case the Determination of the Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive unto and upon all Parties whomsoeven

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Aaioasnw Parties in any Action or Actions to be brought and prosecuted in pursuance of the PartiesI

264

Commissioners to assess Cells.

Commissioners to determine to what Townships Roads to belong.

Coinmifllon-ers to set out Common Quarries, and how to be en-joyed.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action or Actions shall net abate by Reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered, at their Discretion, upon Request made to them by all or any of the Parties in whole favour they shall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonabiefor the Use and Benefit of such Party or Parties, upon or against the Person or Persons whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, Complaint or Complaints, shall be thereby disallowed [as the Case may happen] and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Catnmiilioners, to levy such Colls and Charges by Dill rest and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such last-mentioned Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Di ft rcl's and Gale; and in case there shall be no Goods and Chattels whereby to levy the same, then in such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons in whole! favour such Coils shall be awarded to recover the fame by Action or Actions of Debt, or on the Cafe, in which it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiffs to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum specified in the Order of the Adjudication made by the Paid Cdmoiissioners, and in consequence of such Order of Adjudication, without letting forth any other of the Proceedings therein had.

XIV. And, for the preventing all Disputes and Differences which may arise touching the Repairs of the publick Highways and Roads which shall ■be set out and appointed in pursuance of this Act, or of the-said Act of the Forty-lirll Year aforesaid; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to determine and adjudge what Part or Parts of the said Highways and Roads so to be set out and appointed shall or do belong to any Townships or Quarters respectively; and the said Commissioners shall in and by their general Award, order and direct by what Townships or Quarters respectively such Highways anti Roads shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair, and the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being in each of such Townships or Quarters respectively, shall, from and after the Execution of the said general Award of the said Commissioners, maintain, amend, and kedp such respective public Highways raid Roads in Repair, as shall be so determined and adjudged to belong to such Townships or Quarters ropec-tively, in the same Manner as ancient and common publick Highways and Roads are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair,

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also set out, appoint, and allot such and so many Fi eeflone Quarries, Lime-stone Quarries, and Slate Quarries, in each of the fan! Commons or Tracis of Wade Land, as they shall think neceflar/ for the Use and Benefit of the Lord crl.ords. Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, his, herj or their Successors, Tenants, Lcllees, or Assigns; and also for the Use and Benefit of the Proprietors and Occupiers of the several Allotments which shall be made of the said Commons or Tracis of Waite Land respectively, in pursuance of this Act; and allb of all the Proprietors and Occdpiers of ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements,' arid Hereditaments, in respect of which any such Allotment shall be made, to be used in of

upon

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 18. 265

upon such Allotments or ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, or for making and repairing the public Highways or Roads so to be made as aforesaid, but not for Sale, or upon any other Buildings or Lands, or for any other Use or Purpose; and the said Commissionet s shall in and by their said general Award order and direct hotv and In what Manner the same shall be respectively worked for the general Advantage of the respective Persons intereded therein.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said CommidToners shall, if Part of each they think proper, assign, set out, and appoint such Part or Parts, Parcel or Parcels of the said Commons or Trails of Wade Land as is or are con- a'peat Moss. veniently situated and fit and proper for the digging, cutting, and curing of Peats, for the Use and Benefit of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, and his, her, or their Successors, Farmers, Tenants,

Lessees, or Assigns; as also for the Use and Benefit of the Proprietors and Occupiers for the Time being of Messuages or other Buildings, in respect whereof any Allotments of the said Commons or Trails of Wade Land shall be made in pursuance of this Act, or which shall be erected and built upon any such Allotment or Allotments, to be used in all Times thereafter as Peat Modes by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, his, her, or their Successors, Farmers, Tenants, Lessees, or Assigns, and the said other Proprietors for the Time being, and their several Tenants and Lessees; all which Peats shall be used for Fuel in and about the Messuages and other Buildings to be erected upon the said respective Allotments, or in or about the several Messuages or other Buildings in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, but not for Sale, or any other Purpose whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commi/Iioo* and for the said Commissioners in their said Award, if they shall think it •" may reproper so to do, to redrift the Use and Enjoyment of any particular the Use Quarry or Quarries, or Peat Mots or Peat Modes, so by them to be set cula^Quarn out and appointed respectively as aforesaid, to any particular Proprietor or cr Peat-mcfe. Class of Proprietors in Exclusion of the other or others of them; provided

other Quarry or Quarries, or Peat Moss or Peat Modes, are by them the said Commissioners set out and appointed for the Use and Enjoyment of thoi’e so excluded.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotments of and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out, allot, and i-iCthof the appoint unto the said Hugh Duke of Northumberland, or to the Person or Commons to Persons who shall then be entitled to the Manor of Ridsdale aforesaid, his, Manor her, or their Heirs and Assigns, Or.e full Sixteenth Part in Value, Ouan- Dr Soil, t'ty, Quality, and Situation, considered, of each of the said Commons

or Tracts of Wade Land ib l cspectively to be divided and allotted, after deducting the publick Carriage Roads, Drains, Watercourses, Peat Modes, and Quarries, in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for his, her, or their Right and Intered to the Soil of the said Commons or Trades of Wade Land so to be divided and allotted; and also for his, her, or their Consent to the said Division and Inclosure thereof.

266

The Lotd’s I-loth of each Common to be awarded to lie each in one Plot.

Allotment of

' ill" -

of the Cor.-raoiu

Houses not occupied with a Farm on the 12»h of May 1804, to be valued fejjarate.

Allot nrnts for Property-on-anted by Jbetfes-at Rack-Rent, to be fetout". to the Lessorat

47° GEORG 11 Hit Cap. 10.

XIX. And be it further ena&eti, That ftlc'a One full Sixteenth Fart or Share of the said Commons or brads of Waite Land, when and so loon as the same shall be assigned, set out, allotted, and appointed as aforesaid, shall be and bo deemed Part and Parcel of the said Manor of Rldj'dale, within'which the said Commons are ffuate, and thit One Sixteenth Part or Share of each of the said Commons, intended to be divided by virtue of this Act shall* be respectively aligned, id out, allotted, and appointed to lie in one entire Plot or Pared; and that the said One'Sixteenth Part of Chefierbope Cohimon shall be so let out, allotted, and appointed,-as to take in the Improvements made upon Part of the Corfunon by the Lessee of the Colliery there of the said Hugh Duke of Northwnberla'iui; and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required, in their Valuation of such Improvement for the Purpose aforesaid, to ultimate the fame according to its original Value in its open.State, without any Regard to the Improvement made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings which are erected and built thereupon.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required in the next place to let out, divide, assign, allot, and appoint the Residue of the said Commons or Tracts of Waite Land, aber the said Allotments herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid it.all have been made and fee out, unto and amoflgfl the said John Reed of Chipchafe Castle, Je/m Reed of Adding,n Park, and the several other Persons respectively having Right of Common upon the said Commons or Tracts of Waite Land respectively, in Proportion and according to the respective Values of their several Meffunges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof they are so entitled thereto respectively aforesaid: Provided always, that all the Houses and Buildings not occupied with feme Farm of Land on the Twelfth Day of May, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight, hundred and four, {hail-be valued separately from the Lands, Garths, and Gardens, and the Allotments to be made in respefit of such Houses or Buildings shall be less by

■ One Third in Proportion to the Value of such Houses and Buildings than ' the Allotments to be-made in respect of any Lands, Garths, and Gardens, but no separate Valuation shall be made of any Houses or Buildings which were occupied with and were Part and Parcel of any Farm of Land on the said Twelfth Day of Af<ry One thousand eight hundred and four, bat ftrcii lift-mentioned Houses and Buildings shall be coasttlered as included in the ■laid Valuation of the'-Landsconfirming such Farm to' which they resphc-tively- belong, and thai all Mill-, (ii r.ny) having Right of Common upon the said Commons or Tracis of Waste Land hereby intended to be divided Mil be also separately valued, and the Allotments to be maue.in tefpett ef such Mills iltall aho be lei's by One Third in Proportion to the Value of such Mills than the Allotments ;6 be made ir. respect cf Lands or Grounds.

XXI. Provided-'ah.vvys-, and -'be it further cir cled. That all the 'Aflct-

• ments to be jnede- and let out by virtue ci this Act, in rifpqS ci an? ■Property-granted or-derailed, of held ny any Looks or, A^t: rmer.ts: for any Term of Number of Y-em-s, ru: tiexe reding Ttvc -. t y-onc V cars at Ratk Rent, shall be till cted to the'rt-fptvrive LeJJ rs#or Owners of- such Pro perty, and fia'U be 'held. and enjoyed by them rd-peftiveijf, fvcTror.-rft 1 -'Right, Tiifcf stnd lf.t6:xi‘l of their ridperlivs-TRfll- es or Tenants, by rlMtc •of-or- inidef fu'db-'Lthfcfc or- Arreeulct.t?,.trud 'fudr resprtbiv.- Leiss.s-or hi ' Owners

47' tiiiOiUill 111. UiplX.

■ Owner5--Ci'ili.r)ia.kqfuv'h Abafcment, cfthe Rents reservtd or mace’ payable by such, Levies or Agreements respectively, for and on account of their taking.such Allotments-as, the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be just and reasonabk, and shall in and by their general Award, or any other Writing uftider their Hands, ascertain, direct, and appoint.

XXII.-Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Er.croach-mjuipners £ha,ll and they are hereby required, in all Cafes where the fame ent3 to be can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupiers of the pe°f^isj° adjoining Lands, to assign and allot unto such Person or Persons entitled p0ffeflion to and having Right of Common upon the said Commons or Tracts of thereof. Walle Land as are in the Possession of any such Encroachment or En-cTcachments of the said Commons or Trafls of Walle Land, all and every the Lands and Grounds comprised therein, and all Edifices and Buildings , evc&ed thereon, for or in Part of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively by virtue of this Act, unless it shall happen that such respective Encroachments fir all be greater or more (Quantity and Quality considered) than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto which- such Person or Persons in Possession of such Encroachment or Encroachments respectively would- be entitled to, for and in respect of their ancient JL'state, in which Cafe a proportionable Part of such Encroachment or Encroachments shall be deducted from the same respectively, and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required in their Valuation of such Encroachment or Encroachments for the Purposes aforesaid, to estimate the fame according to their original Value in their open State, without any Regard to the Improvements made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings which are elected and built thereupon.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the proprietor or Pro- Diilmei Al-prietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments by" this Act authorised to ge •lutmentsto divided, allotted, or exchanged, shall hold their respective Lands or Hejre- L,^,hoWen ditaments for different Estates or under different idles, the said Com-.bydifferent mifiicners shall ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments Titles, or for held for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and shall also set out and distinguish the different Allotments or other Herecf. aments to be accepted and taken as. an Equivalent in respect of each of them, and tile said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set forth and declare, in and by their said general Award, in Right of what Elates in particular such Allotments shall have been re-spedively made, and therein also fepa ately to describe and ascertain the Situation of every Inch Allotment.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons eii- Allotments titled m Fee Simple to any Allotment or Allotments cfthe laid Commons that may h«p-or Tracis of Waite Land, shall, by any Writing under his, her, or their l)e1";tJ be Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the said Cctmr.issioners at any of their Rcquail be" Meetings, previously to their preparing a Draft of their general Award, allotted to the signify that he, she, or they hath or have fold and disposed of his, her, or Purchaserby their Allotment or Allotments to any Person or Perfciis to be nariitd and ^ward"^ def'eribed in such Wriling, and shall desire the same to be set out, allotted, and appointed to the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, the said Commissioners in every such Case shall and they are hereby authorized ta set out, allot, and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of

6 the

268

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

the Person or Persons who shall have so given Notice of their having fold and disposed thereof, to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Notice to be the Ptirchafer or Purchasers thereof; and such Allotment or Allotments so fold and disposed of shall in every such Case, from and after the Execution of the said general Award of the said Commissioners, become and the same are hereby declared to bevelled in Fee Simple in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been by such Notice in Writing as aforesaid so signified and declared to be sold and disposed of, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Allotment to

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Ue in the Allotments of the said Commons or Tracis of Wade Land to be assigned, lhip3 as°the" ^et out’ ad°tted, and appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in ancient respect of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments having

Lands. Right of Common thereon as aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively wherein the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do lie or are situate in respect of which such Allotments shall be respectively made.

Award to be enrolled and deposited with the Clerk of the Peace.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the general Award to be made by the said Commissioners pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and this AG, shall be enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, on or before the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace; for the said County, which shall be held next after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, or so soon after as conveniently may be; and the said original general Award, and such Flans or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Parish Church of Gorjcnjulc aforesaid, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Peribii or Persons interfiled in the said Division j which said Award and Plans, and every other Award and Instrument to be lodged with the said Award, shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times upon reasonable Notice given by the Party requiring such ini'pection.

Commission-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall at cate a^Dupli- t‘ie Eequefc, Costs, and Charges of any Person or Persons, his, her, cr

cate of the their Stewards or Agents having any Allotment or Allotments of the said

Award for Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided or otherwise interested a,u>rLerfandre’ t^ere'11’ at any Time before the depositing of the said Award, make arid paying'for execute another Part, or other Parts of the said Award, Plans, and Surveys,

the fame. or any of them, for the Use of the Person or Persons requeuing the fame,

and such other Part, or other Parts shall at ail Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Allotments

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment and

to be of the Allotments of Lands and Grounds which shall be made, set out, or ap-

a?tih<7ancrot pointed, in pursuance of this Act, shall be held by the fame Tenure, and Lands. shall be subjefi to the fame Yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs, and Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services as the fever;, 1 and respefiiye Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground' shall be so set out or allotted,

are

269

47° GGEORGII III. Cap. 18.

are and have heretofore been holden respectively; and the Lord of the said Manor of Ridsdale, his Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, shall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities for recovering and enforcing the fame respectively as they could or might have had in respect of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments before the passing of this Act; but the said several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out a’d allotted, and the Allotments made in respect thereof, shall not nor shall any of them be subject to any new or increased Yearly or other Rents, Payments. Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, or Services whatsoever, to the Lord of the said Manor of Ridsdale, his Heirs, Successors, and Assigns.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or adjudged to revoke, alter, annul, or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons whomsoever having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Encumbrance of, in, out of, or upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments in respect whereof any Allotment of the said Commons or Tracts of Waste Land shall be made by virtue of this Act; but that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be assigned or allotted upon the said Division to the several Proprietors respectively, shall immediately after the Execution of the general Award of the said Commissioners be veiled in and remain, continue, and enure to, and be held and enjoyed, by the several Persons to whom the same shall be assigned or allotted respectively, and they shall from thenceforth (land and be seised and possessed thereof respectively to, for, and upon such and the fame Ul'es, F.llates, Interests, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and subject and liable to the fame Wills, Limitations, Estates, Conditions, Settlements, Provisos, Remainders, Reversions, Leases, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances of every Kind as the several Hereditaments in respect whereof the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be respectively assigned or allotted, would have flood severally limited or settled to or upon, or have been severally subject and liable to if such Allotments thereof had not been made, or this Act had not been passed, except as to such Leases and Agreements at Rack Rent as shall be determined under this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall hold their respective Lands and Hereditaments for different Estates, or under different Titles, and where, from the Want of the necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall have omitted the distinguishing and ascertaining of the Lands or other Hereditaments holden for each of such Estates, and under each of such 'Titles respectively, and the setting out and awarding of several and distinct Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments as herein-before is required, and after the making of the said Award Request shall be made to the said Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Instrument, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require to examine Witnesses, and in every other respect to proceed and aft as if the Award had not been made, and

[Loc. & Per.} 3 T when

Act not to assess Deeds or Wills, but Allotment to go to the same Uses.

In Cafes where Lands shall be holden by differ, ent Titles, &c. and the Commissioners shall not have dillin-guished such Lands and awarded dif-tinct Allotments for the fame in their general Award, they may, on Request, do the fame by Deed after the making of the said Award.

270

Exchanges.

Notices to be

published in

the Newcastle

Covrant.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. iS.

tvhea they shall have obtained what they shall deem sufficient Information, are hereby also authorized by any Deed under their Hands and Seals to distinguish and ascertain the Difference of Tenure, Estates, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and i'everal Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required, where such Dilcrimination should be contained in the said Award, and every such separate Instrument shall be enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof shall be given in the same Manner as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them respectively, is directed concerning the said general Award of the said Commissioners; and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such separate Instrument as aforesaid shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners to make and execute the fame, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and every such separate Instrument shall from and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, have the fame Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if the Contents thereof had been infer ted and contained in their said general Award, and the same shall after such Inrolment as aforesaid be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whole Request any such Omission shall have been so suppliei, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in Question shall, in the Opinion of the Commissioners, most properly belong.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to set out, assign, and allot any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Messuages, Buildings, indofed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Corfcnfide aforesaid, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, in the same Parish, with such Exceptions and Reservations as may be thought necessary, so that every such Exchange be set forth and ascertained by the general Award of the said Commissioners, and also be made with the Consent of the respective Proprietors, or Persons seized or entitled in Possession of or to the Hereditaments so to be exchanged for any Life or Lives, or for some Estate of Inheritance, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors who shall at the Time of making such Exchanges be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of aftingfor themselves, and so as all Exchanges of Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Rectory of Corfenfide aforesaid, or any other Ecclesiastical Corporation, be also made with the Consent of the Patron thereof and the Bishop of the Diocese in which the fame is situate; such Consents to be testified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the consenting Parties, or under the Common Seal of any of them, being Corporations Aggregate; and every Exchange so made and declared shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in Law, and the respective Lands or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall become and be of the fame Tenure, and held under the fame Rents and Services, and go and remain to the same Person or Persons, and to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and be subject to the fame Powers, Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the Lands or Hereditaments in rel'pest whereof the same shall be exchanged would have gone and remained, and have been subject or liable to, in case the Exchange thereof had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Notices which by this Act or the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign are required to

be

271

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

be given or published in fomc Public Newspaper, of setting out publick Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commissioners, and of any other Act, Matter, or Thing, shall be inserted in the Newcq/lle Courant, or if that Newspaper shall not then be published, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers generally circulated in the County of Northumberland.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Allotments to Allotments be made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed, walled, or hedged, ditched, to be fenced and fenced by and at the Expence of such respective Proprietors, in such orwa"ed-Manner and within such Time, and shall be from thenceforth kept in Repair in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in their general Award order and direct, except only such Allotments which shall and are herein-before directed to be allotted unto the Lord of the said Manor.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to proprietors and for the Owners and Occupiers of any of the Allotments to be set out may get Or allotted by virtue of this Act, at any Time or Times hereafter to win. Stones in get, and work Freeftone, Limestone, and Slate in and upon the fame ot

Allotments respectively, and also to win, get, and work Stones in and out of the Common Quarries to be set out as is before directed as well for the Use of the Grounds so to be allotted to them as of their ancient inclosed Grounds in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, but to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Occupiers of the said several allotted Lands, to dig, get, and cure therein Peats for Fuel, or any other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and further, that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Occupiers of the said several allotted Lands to dig, get, and cure therein Clay for Bricks or for Tiles, or any other Use or Purpose whatsoever, so as the fame be not carried off from the Lands or Grounds to be hereby allotted, or the ancient inclosed Grounds in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, but shall be ex-dufively confined to and for the Use of the fame respectively, and shall not be fold or used for any other Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any of the Proprietors of ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall exchange any of their ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons or Tracts of Waste Land, then and in such Case the Proprietors of such ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so exchanged as aforesaid, their respective Heirs or Assigns, shall from Time to Time and at all Times for ever thereafter have, hold, and enjoy all and all Manner of Mines, Minerals, and Quarries whatsoever, lying being and remaining within and under the said ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be given in Exchange, and all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame and the Produce thereof respectively, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes as they and every of them could or might or ought to have had, held, or enjoyed, or were entitled to have, hold or enjoy such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries and Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities aforesaid respectively, in case this Act had not been made, or in case such ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments had not been given in Exchange for such Allotment or Allotments, making reasonable Satisfaction for Damage and Spoil of Ground to be occasioned thereby.

Owners to enjoy Mines, &c. under their ancient Freehold Estates,which may be given in Exchange for Allotment of Common, paying Damage for Spoil of Ground.

272

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Exchanges. XX

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes of such Exchanges of ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for any Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, all and every the Mines, Minerals, and Quarries lying and being within and under the said Allotment or Allotments so to be given in Exchange, shall remain the Property of, and be held and enjoyed by the Lord of the said Manor, his Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, with all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof respectively, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Exchange or Exchanges had not been made.

No Turves or

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Sods to be this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons (other than and

c"t- except the Lord of the said Manor, his Heirs, Successors or Assigns, and the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution) to cut, dig, or carry away any Turves or Sods in, upon, or from off the said Commons or Tracts of Waste Land, or any Part thereof, until the same shall be allotted and set out as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence to the Lord of the said Manor, his Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, such Sum not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings as shall be assessed in the Nature of an Amerciament at any Court Leet or Court Baron to be holden for the said Manor of Ridsdale, the same to be affeered by the Affeerors then and there sworn; and which Amerciament or Amerciaments, when so affeered, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels Of the Person or Persons so offending, by virtue of a Precept to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said Manor, to be directed for that Purpose by the Steward of the Court of the said Manor; and the Money at iling from all such Amerciaments shall be paid to the Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

CommissioB-ers to pay their own Expences.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act shall, at all and every of their Meetings for putting this Act into Execution, bear and pay their own Expences; and that when and so soon as the said intended Division, and other Purposes of this Act, shall be finished and completed, and the said Commissioners shall have executed their said general Award, they the said Commissioners respectively shall be paid and allowed each of them the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings for each and every Day upon which they respectively shall have attended a Meeting and transacted Business in or for putting this Act into Execution.

Commission-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ers to ac- and they are hereby respectively required to keep or cause to be kept, a just

count. and true Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which shall be raised or received, and laid out or expended, by them or by their Order, or for their Use, under or by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due and owing to them for their own Trouble or Expences, and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpose; and such Accounts shall at lead Once in every Year from the passing of this Act till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and settled by Robert Hopper Williamson, of the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-’Tyne, Esquire, who is hereby ap-14 pointed

273

47° GEORGII III. Cap. j 8.

pointed Auditor for that Purpose, and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, by such other fit and proper Perl'on as shall be appointed Auditor in his Stead, by the Majority in Value of the Paid Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holdenin like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the Meeting of the said Proprietors for the Purpose of appointing a Commissioner in the Place of the said William Bates the elder; and such Auditor for the Time being shall from Time to Time state, in Writing under his Hand, the Balance of the said Accounts in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Auditor; and also that such Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and shall be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been finally settled and allowed; and in case the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall refuse or neglect so to do, the Commissioner or Commissioners, and Clerk respectively, so refusing or neglecting, shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit and pay, to any Person who shall sue for the same, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons who have Money which Right of Common in or upon the said Commons or Tracts of Waste may be ad-Land, or any other Person or Persons on their Behalf, shall advance or vf'lccd for lend any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expence executing this of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Act, to be Execution, all such Persons shall be fully repaid the fame, together with mpaid in the Interest thereon, after the Rate of Five Pounds for each One hundred F!r'1 ,

Pounds fora Year, out of the first Money which shall be raised for the "U ntere Purposes of this Act, such Interest; to be computed from the Time or respective Times of advancing and lending the said Sum or Sums of Money to the Time or respective Times of the Repayment thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That as well the Fees and Payments Expence* of to the said Commissioners, as also the Charges and Expences incident to the Division and attending the soliciting, obtaining, and passing of this Act, and of P^.^T the surveying, planning, measuring, dividing, and allotting the said Com- * e art'es' mons or Tracts of Waste Land, and of the preparing, making, executing, and enrolling the said Award of the said Commissioners, Instruments of Election, and of setting out and making the Highways and Roads as aforesaid, and of making any new Highways or Roads which shall be set out and appointed or directed to be made by the said Commissioners, and all other Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the several and respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons or Tracts of Waste Land shall be respectively made in Proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments, to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, and the several and respective Shares and Proportions of all such Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid by the Owners and Proprietors respectively to such Person or Persons, and at such Times, as shall by the said Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of their general Award as aforesaid, be ordered, directed, and appointed, by Writing under their Hands, Twenty Days before the'TBfte [Lee. tit Per.] 3 Z—4 £ appointed

f?74 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

appointed for such Payments; and in case any Person or Persons intcrelled in the said intended Division and Inclosure shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions, of all such Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expences, within the Time so to be limited and appointed as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners jfhali appoint, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, either by Warrant under their Hands and Seal', directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons fa respectively refusing or neglecting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of taking and malting such Distress and Sale; or in case no such Distress and Sale can or may be had, taken, or made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to fell or mortgage the Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay his, her, or their Share and Proportion of the Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, or so much and such Part and Parts of such Allotment or Allotments as shall be sufficient to raise Money to pay his, her, or their Proportion of all such Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, and also the Charges and Expences of such Sale or Mortgage, and the other necessary Expences attending the fame, in Manner and Form as is directed and enacted by the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for mortgaging any of the Allotments aforesaid by the said Commissioners.

'The Aa not

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this to prejudice Act shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, and the Lord of Interest of the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, the Royalties Successors, an^ Assigns, as Lord of the said Manor of Ridsdale, of, in, and to all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature and Kind so-ever, lying and being within or under the said Common or Tracts of Waite Land hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manor; but that the said Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Successors, and Alflgns, and all and every other Person and Person claiming by, under, or in Trull for him or them, as Lord of the said Manor, and all succeeding Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter have, hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Customs, Suits, and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Courts Leet, and Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Perquisites of Courts and Leets, and all Things which to Courts Leet and Views of Frankpledge and Courts Baron, do belong or appertain, with free Warren and Liberty of hawking, hunting, fiflung, and fowling within and throughout the said Manor, and every Part thereof, andall Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treasuretrove, Waifs, Eltrays, Forfeitures, Escheats, Fairs, Markets, Tolls, Customs, Stallages, Dues, Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters, and Things whatsoever, to the said Manor or to the Lord or Lady thereof for the Time being, incident, belonging, or appertaining, other than and except the Right to the Soil of the said Commons or Tracts of Waite Land, and such. Common Right thereon respectively as could or might be claimed by them, for whi^jj Compensation is herein-before directed to be made, in as full,

i1 ampler

47° GEORGII III. Cap. i«. 275

>mple, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made, subject only to the Rights and Privileges herein-before refefved and given in respect of the said public Quarries and public Peat Modes, and also in respect of such other Freeftone, Limestone, and Slate, Peats, and Clay respectively, as are herein-before permitted to be gotten and taken from or out of the Allotments to be set out under the Power of this Act; and that the said Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and all succeeding Lord of the Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, or his, her, and' Manor to their Tenants, Lessees, or Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time,

and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy exclusively, a way». (subject only to the Rights and Privileges herein-before mentioned) all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries of what Nature or Kind soever, within and under the said Commons or Tracts of Waste Land hereby directed to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof respectively, and the several Allotments to be made thereof in pursuance of this Act, together with all convenient and necessary Wayleaves and Ways, and also Liberty’ of laying, making, and repairing Waggon-Ways and other Ways in, through, over, and along the fame or any Part thereof; and also for searching for, winning, and working the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leaning and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones,

Fofiils, and other Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines,

Minerals, and Quarries, or Collieries, belonging to the said Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Successors, or Assigns; and of making Pits,

Shafts, and Sumps, Pit-rooms and Heap-rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the fame, and of erecting, building, and using Floufes, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines and other Engines, Mills and other Erections and Buildings, and of altering, changing, pulling down, and carrying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their free Will and pleasure, and to do, execute, and perform all such other Works, Acts,

Deeds, Matters, and Things either now in use or hereafter to be invented, as shall or may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete Working, life, and Enjoyment of such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries hereby reserved, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes as they might or could have done in case this AQ. had not been made.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Duke of Lord of Ma-Northumberland, his Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or any Person or Per- rl0r ma^e fipns claiming under him or them, shall after such Allotments and Inclosures jj(jnXTn)a-made as aforesaid, search for, win, or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals, raage done or Quarries, lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or in working Inclosures to be made as aforesaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or Mines, from any such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, then and in such Case the said Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or such Person or Persons so claiming under him or them, shall make a reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, or by the erecting or building any Houfts, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings,

Fire Engines or other Engines, Mills or other Erections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, re-building, pulling down, or carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of such Ground at the Time or Times of firth Damage or Spoil, and also shall from Time tp Time fill up all use-less Pits and Shafts, so as to prevent as much ae may be the Danger and Damage that might otherwise arise and happen from such Pits or Shafts being left Open.

276

Power t* appeal.

General

Saving.

To be print ed as a Pub.

llek A<3.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, or of this Act (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things a* are by the said Act or this Act directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where, by any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are directed to be final and conclusive), he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Northumberland, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Notice in Writing of every such Appeal, by affixing such Notice, expressing the Cause of Complaint, upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Corfen/ide aforesaid, Fourteen Days at lead before such General Quarter Sessions; and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such General Quarter Sessions, or at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions to which the said Justices shall adjourn any such Appeal, either for the Want of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, or for any other Cause which to the said Justices shall seem a sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeals, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon every such Appeal shall be final and conclusive to all the Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Process or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XLV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the several other Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Commons or Trafts of Waste Land hereby directed to be divided and allotted, before the passing of this Act, or could, or might, or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

E. er V? B R S» ? g. m. S' B g- a. 5 J! 5.~a ft s- s

t 1-

5

a

s. ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

nl

d

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Irjlead in the County of Norfolk, [9th April 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Irjlead, in the County of Norfolk, certain Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the Right Reverend Henry Lord Lords of Bishop of Norwich is Lord of the Manor of Neatifhcad with Irjlead, and Manors-Leonard Horner Gentleman, is Lord of the Manor of Irjlead; and the said Lord Bishop of Norwich and Leonard Horner are or claim, or one of them is or claimeth to be entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said Lord Bishop of Norwich is Patron and Patron of the Vicarage of Barton Turfe with the Rectory of Irjlead an- Rciftor-nexed; of which the Reverend William Gunn Clerk, is the present Vicar and Rector: And whereas the said Leonard Horner, John Joy Gentleman, Proprietors, and other Persons, are the Owners of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Pari lit of Irjlead: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-■t tituled. An Act for consolidating in One AH certain Provif.ons usually Aa r G

so inserted in AHs of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving respecting 3

id the several FaHs usually required on the faffing of such AHs: And Indofures.

whereas the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, in their present State and Condition, yield very little Profit, and it would be toinclofe^ j [ Lee. id Per.] 4 B ... greatly

k

£82 47° GEORGII III. Cap. iq.

greatly advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the Rights of Common in, over, and upon the said Commons^ Fens, and Waste Grounds, were extinguished, and if the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allot ted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests in, over, or upon the fame; but as these Objects cannot be obtained without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-Commission- sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Unihank, of the era appointed. Hamlet of Heigbmn, in the County of the City of Norwich, Joseph Sewell, of Cation, in the County of Norfolk, and John Putter, of Ketteringham, in the said County of Norfolk, Gentlemen, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution; and they are hereby authorized and directed to assign, set out, and allot the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and to carry this Act and the said recited Act into Execution slave and except such Parts of the said recited Act as are heteby altered or varied); and all Acts, Matters, and Things, authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the fame force and effect as if such Acts, Matters, and Things, had been done and executed by all the Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned.

For appoint-

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners herein •xMoucn°m' name^ or to appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, before the Execute t;()n Qf ajj tjje powers and Authorities hereby vested in them, die, or refuse

or become incapable to act in the e xecution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners, and he or they is and are hereby required, at any Time within Forty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to him or them, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint any other Person or Persons, not being interested in the Premises, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room or Stead of such Commissioner so dying, or refusing or becoming incapable to act; and every Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath or Affirmation prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, in all Respects, as if he had been originally named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

Notice of

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and Commission- they are hereby required to cause Notice of the Time and Place of their en Meetings. anj every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act to be inserted in some Newspaper published in the City of Norwich, Eight Days at lead before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said Comm'fiioneis, it shall happen that no more than One of the said Couunissioners shall attend

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2S3

rend, fugh Commissioqer may adjourn such Meeting to such Time anti, Ow Corr.nuT-Place within the said Parish of Irjiead, or within Eight Milcy thereof, as, h£ Hia.ll think mail convenient, giving Notice of such Adjournment to the 'J l,1IU absent Commissioners. ,

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices. (-)t!ler No_ necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners in tices howto pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall be so made and given be given, by Advertisetneat in some Newspaper published in the said City of Norwich.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any Encroach-Time within Twenty Years now last past, have been made upon the Com- merits n»4» mons, Pens, and Waste Grounds, to be divided, allotted, and ffielofed,

by virtue of this Act, shall be and be deemed to be Part of the said Corns to mqns. Fens, and Waste Grounds, and shall be divided and allotted accord- Pan of the ingly by the said Commissioners; and in case any Dispute shall arise touching Lands to be any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, every lueh Dispute shall ln<dosed. be determined by the said Commissioners.

Comir.lflion-

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall ers to settle arise between any of the Parties interested, or claiming to be interested in Difference*, the said intended Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning apy

other Rights, Intcrefb, Shares, and Proportions, which they or any of them shall have, or claim to have, of and in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and tlicy are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame:

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Comtoiffian-said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, j !t"'Tto Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever. Tides! "6

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Commission-shall, upon the Hearing or Determination of ary Claim or Claims, Ob- ers to afffs je&ion or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said Coit*. recited Act or of this Act, or upon the Hearing or Determination of any

Dispute or Difference as aforesaid, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Cells and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour such Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby dilallowed or over-ruled, or against whom the said Commissioners shall have made any Determination as aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay die fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and heals, directed to

284

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Cods and Chaises to be levied, by Diilrel’s and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Objections to Claims to be delivered to Persons whose Claims shall be ob-jeded to.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Objections to the Accounts or Claims by the said recited Act directed to be delivered to the said Commissioners, as therein mentioned, shall also be delivered to such Person or Persons whose Account or Accounts, Claim or Claims, shall be so objected to, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint for that Purpose.

Power allow-

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per-ing Parties to son or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in-Ri hubvan tere^e^ or claiming to be mterested in the said intended Division, Allot-Hue at Law. ments, and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Right of Common, or of any other Right or Interest in, over, or upon the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned I flue, against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Two Calendar Months after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action or Actions shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do in case the said Court shall think proper; and it shall also be lawful for the Court, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Cafes j and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the said Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to ad in Conformity

8 thereto.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 2S5

thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims of triffioLfPto Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waile Grounds, or be final if not other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the La. ds and Grounds hereby objectedto.o directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or of any Part thereof, which ?oA^vioit shall not be objected to within the Time aforesaid, or being objtiled to, the ,0 J(i lt-Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded iit within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, Ilia 11 be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Aition If any of the to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such C^.ies Action shall not abate by Reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no lloL to ^7^ such Event had happened.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be com- Ei(-menced or prosecuted touching or concerning the Title of any Person or about Titles Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to any Mef- not to impede fuages, Lands, or Tenements, in the said Parish of Irjlead, such Suit or I*10 I>ro«e(1-Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said Commissioners from pro- Exec°ut!on of ceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the hud recited this Act.

Act and this Act, but the said Division and Allotments shall be proceeded

in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits; and the Allotment or Allotments to which such Suit or Suits shall relate, may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits, shall become entitled to the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any No R , Person or Persons, from and after the passing of this Act, to cut, dig, pare. Turf, Flags, grave, flay, take or carry away, any Reed, Rushes, Fodder, Turf, Flags, &c. to be6 ’ Whins or Furze, in. upon, or from the said Commons, Fens, and Wade cut without Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said Commis- Leaw of the sioners in Writingfirll had and obtained for that Purpose (which Licence er°mmi!lon' the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules,

Orders, and Regulations and Reftxidlions, as they shall think pioper to insert therein); and if any Person shall after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Reed, Rulhes, Fodder, Turf,

Flags, Whins or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Commons, Fens, and Waile Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to such Licence as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath, shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied by Dif-trTs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so dilhained and fold, after deducting the Colls and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as last aforesaid shall be applied towards the Colls and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

286

For extjri-guishing nr iufpendirirr

Rights of Common before the Award,

Commissioners may flop up old Roads.

None of the prefen't Roads to be flopped until new Roads be made.

Allotment for Right of Soil.

if GEORGII III. Caf.uy.

XIII. And be it further e tasted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Tor ‘the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time or Times before the Execution of their Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the Principal Door of the Pttrish Church of Irjlead aforesaid, to order and aired all or any Rights of Common, or other Commonable Rights whatsoever, in, ovtr, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for and during such Time or Times as shall be exploded in such Notice; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioners shall by such Notice order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of affixing such Notice on the said Church Door, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered (with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, acting in and for the Division in which the Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths herein-after mentioned, shall be fiiuate, and not interested in the Repair of. such Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths) to stop up, and to direct to be discontinued, any publick Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, through any Pai t or Pam of the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Irjlead. which to the said Commissioners shall appear useless or unnecessary: Provided always, that such Order so to be made shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in the like Manner, and under the fame Forms and Restrictions, as if the fame had been originally made by such Justices as aforesaid: Provided also, that none of the present Roads or publick Highways within the said Parish of Irjlead shall be shut up or discontinued until the several Roads intended to be and remain publick Highways within the same Parish shall be set out, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and until the same shall be properly formed, and made safe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall (after they have set cut and appointed the publick Carriage Roads and Highways through, over, and upon the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Irjlead) assign, set out, and allot unto and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manors herein-before mentioned, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons, being Owner or Owners of or entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Walle Grounds, so much and such Pait or Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Sixteenth Part of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds j and such Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Recompence and Compensation for the Right of such Lord or Lords, or of such other Person or Persons respectively, in and to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds.

Dr'the'poor

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in Jjr' the next Place assign, set out, and allot unto the Lords of the said Manors,

herein-

47° GEORGII III. Cap. i,g. 287

hereimbcfore mentioned, pie Rector of thqfajdReftory of Irfieai, and the Churchwarden;- and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Irjlead for the Time being* One Twentieth Part of the Average Value of the said Commons, Pens, and Wufie Grounds, to be set out on that Part of the Rid Waste Grounds called The Holmes, and the fame^l^eeat; or Allotment^ shall, on the Execution of the Award of the kid. Cotnnu^oners, be vested in the Lords or Ladies of the said Manors herein-before mentioned, the Redder of the said Rectory of Irjlead, and the Churchwardens and Ov.cr-seers of the Poor of the said Parish of Irjlead for the Time being, for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the said Panfli; and fitch Allotment or Allotments shall be held, used, and appropriated by the said Trustees for the Purposes of cutting Fuel and Fodder, which Fuel and Fodder shall be' distributed amongst: the poor Inhabitants,of the said Parish of Irjlead who shall not occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the Yearly Vaiqe of Ten Pounds, in such Shares and Proportions, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Directions, as shall from "Time to Time be made and prescribed by the said Trustees for the Time, being, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose, and not otherwise: Provided always, that Lords of tie it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords,'Lady or Ladies of Manors, and the said Manors, and the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being re- ^ep^’xtoa^ spectively, to act in the Execution of the Trails hereby reposed in them by } ’'

their respective Agents or Proxies, such respective Agents or Proxies being Inhabitants of the said Parish of Irjlead, and appointed by Writing under the respective Hands of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors, and the said Rector for the Time being, and producing their respective Appointments at the Time of their respectively acting by virtue thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissiofters shall Allotment of then assign, set out, and allotthe Residue and Remainder of the said Com- the Residue, mons. Fens, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted,

and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right or Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, and their respective Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person in case any or Persons Have and except the said Rector and his Successors, in respect Person («-of the said Rectory) hath or have fold, or contracted or agreed to fell, or ceP‘ d* shall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commis- jyj Com-fior.ers directe.d to be made by the said recited Act fell, or contract or agree mon Right, to fell his, her, or their Right, Interest, and Property in, over, or Upon the the Allot-said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, to any other Person or Per- menttobe fons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaserin every such Sale, Contract or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or contrafted or agreed to be

fold

47° GEORGII lit Cap. uj.

sola as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs Aing.is, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Lands so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in. the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contra£1, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property, had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, by such Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Col-legiatd (save and except the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being in respect of any Allotment to be made to him in Right of the said Rectory, and save and except the Trustees for the Poor for or in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid) within such Time, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order, direct, and appoint; and the Hedges, Ditches, Drains, and Fences, which shall be made pursuant to the said Award, shall at all Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair, and cleansed, by such Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct: Provided always, that convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the Fences and Inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, in and through the fame, unless the several Parties intertfled shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up, and inclosed.

Tor allowing

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and to’bema§ck for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Irjlead. in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other JJfes, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself (such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other corifenting Parties respectively) j and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and s

whatsoever:

For fencing Allotments.

For leaving Gaps.

2§9

47° GEORGII Iii. Cap. 19.

whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church,

Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, tefhfied as aforesaid, of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, and the Patron of tl e Living in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged, shall lie or he situate: Provided also, that all Colls, Charges, and Exjjences, attending, the making of any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner, and in such Proportion, as the said Commissioners shall by their said iward order and direct;

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant and Occupier Tenants to under any Lease or Agreement for a y Term of Years at Rack or ex- give up tended Rent, now subsisting, of any old Inclosures, which shall be tx- Lands^oa' changed by virtue of this Act, shall, immediately after the signirtg of the having' Award of the said Commissioners, or within such further Time as the said Satisfaction. Commissioners shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that b’urpose, deliver up the full and peaceable Possession of such excha ged Lands to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively exchanged; but the Tenants or Occupiers of such exchanged Lands shall receive from the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, order,

■direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenants respectively, as an Equivalent for the Loss or Lodes they shall respectively sustain thereby; and if the Money, so to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after De-mar.d made thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and •executing this Act can or may be raised and levied.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Leases arid Agreements for Leases void

Leases at Rack or extended Rent, now subsisting, of liny Messuages, astoAlIot-

Lands, or'1 enements, within the said Parish of Jr/ieaJ, shall, as far as "ynts of such Leases or Agreements atietf or concern any Allotment or Allotments o111111011, to be made of any Part of the said Commons, b ens, and Waste Grounds, in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, comprized in such Leaks i r Agreements, be . nd the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment and Allotments, and such Allotment or Allotments shall be made ard alligned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all Right and In erell which may or otherwise might be claimed in or to the lame by vinue of such Leases or Agreements; and the Person or Persons to whom the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, comprized in lueh Leases or Agreements shall belong, as Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame under such Leases or Agreements, as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands direct, for the Right of Common, or any other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Commons, Fens, or Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and which shall be extinguished by this Act; and if any

- [Loc. 6" Per.'] 4 D Person

290

Allotments ftnll b of the fame Tenure as Lands for which they are allotted.

Lands free from Tythes for a certain Time.

47° GEORGII III. Cax 19.

Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, to make any such Cornpensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto on Demand, then and in inch Cafe it Avail and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to raise and levy the fam'* for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways an i Means as the Colls, Charges, and Fxperices of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XX1TI. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons, for or in respect of any Me'fuatres, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Leasehold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appendant or appurtenant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold respectively, according to the Tenure of the Lands for or in respect of which they were allotted, and shall be held accordingly by and under the fame tenures, Rems, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements reflectively, for or in respect whereof any such Allotment shall be made aie now holden; and that all and every Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted as aforesaid, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charges to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors slave and except for the Stamp Duties, and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors, as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct); but in case any Person or Persons to or with whom fuc.h Lands and Premises shall be allotted, shall die without Admission within the said Six Calendar Months, then the Customary Fine or Fines, and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admittance of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Pr emifes; and after every such first Admittance, the Copyhold Lands and Premises so to be allotted as aforesaid, shall at all Times thereafter be held under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments, as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lauds, or Tenements, in respect whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted are now held under and f ubject to; and the said Commissioners shall by their said Award determine, describe, and abut the Lands and Grounds respectively which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold, and all other Lands and Grounds to be allotted by virtue of tins Ad (save and except such as shall be so ascertained by the said Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) shall thenceforth be deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Lands and Grounds, subject neve'theiefs to such Free Rents and Services as are now payable out of the resptdive Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof the same shall or may be allotted.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be exempt and discharged . . from

291

47° G E ORGII III. Cap. 19.

from the Payment of ail Manner of Tythes, or of any Composition for the fame, for the Term of Three Years, to be computed from the Time of puffing this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Wills and

Act contained Avail extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make Settlements void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or e

Persons having arty Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt,

or Incumbrance in, out of, upon or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings,

Lands, and Grounds, to be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that every Proprietor shall Hand and be feiled and poll, ffed of the several Messuages, Buildings, 1 ands, and Grounds to be allotted to, or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to such and the fame Life?, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Messuages,

Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, whereof such Proprietor was feiled or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which, or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged *• with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Coffs, Charges, and Expences, of inclosing and fencing the Lands or Grounds which shall by the Expences virtue cf this Act be allotted to the Rector in respect of the said Rectory, of this Act. and to the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Irjlec.d, and all the

Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, adnteafuring, planning, valuing, embanking, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby ditvfted to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and also of opening and cutting any Drain or Drains necess.iry for the preferring and improving the said Commons, Fens, and Waffe Grounds, and or preparing and enrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and of the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Affiilants and Servants, and all other necessary Charges and Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways ’to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, within the said Parish of Irjlecid, and all other Expences of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the several Person-, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in Right of the said Rectory; and also save and except the frustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Irjlcad, for or in respect of any Allotments which shall be made to them as such Trustees as aforesaid), in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execution of th said Award, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and in case any Person or Persons Until refuse br neglect: to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Coffs, Charges, and Expences according to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, then and in such Case the same shall ai d may be recovered in the Manner directed in and by the said recited Act.

292

Directions for charging Copyhold Lands with Expences.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and fd often as it may beneceflary to charge any Lands or Tenements which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act; and which are or shall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money, determined by way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, then and in such Case such C opyhold Premises shall be surrendeied to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend inch Sum or Sums of Money, and his her, or their Heirs and Alliens, according to the Custom or Customs of the Manor or Manors whereof the same shall be holden by Way of Mortgage, for (hearing fu- h Sum or Sums of Money, and littered ior the fame, instead of being mortgaged and surrendered to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Aligns, ior a Term of Years, as mentioned in the said recited Act.

Commissioners to lay their

Accounts before a Justice oncp in every Year.

Proprietors and Agents to pay their own Expences.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in every Tear, during the Execution of this Act. (such Year to be computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioners Utah, and they are hereby required to make a just and true Statement or Account of ali Sum-- ol'Mo-ney by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Troy ie and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such s«.t a :.t >/>

count when so made, together with the Vouchers relating tf reto, '1 be by them laid before some One or ni. re of His Majesty's Justicev d me Peace for the said County of Nofolk, to be by him or them exam., ed and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices Bated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Statement or Account (h?!i oc binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices: Provided always, that the fai I fever.il Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

For allowing XXIX; Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar if any of the Interna on Pc.rfons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided va°c'ii an^ a^ottcc^’ or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and rxecr-ting this Act, and of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid such Money, together vtith lawful Int rest; from the Time of advancing the fame, nut of the first Monty that shall be raised for the defraying of such Expences under and by virtue of this Act.

The Award

XXX. And be it further enacted, That within the Time which is by

to be ilepo the said recited Act limited for the lnroiment of the Award thereby directed

Cited inIi(lead to [,e ma ie by the said Commissioners, a true Copy of the fakl Award, Co 'r ^tb' ielifwiatten up,jn Parchment, and signed and attested by the said Commissioners b deliver 'd to be a true Copy thereof, together with a proper Map or Plan thereto ante the Clerb r.exed. shall l>c deliver, d to the Clerk of the Peace ior the County of Norfolk, of the Peace. wJjo ie hereby required to deposit and keep the fame among the Records of the said County, so that recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the Premises, for the Reception whereof the Fee of Two Guineas shall be p id, and for the Inspection and Perusal whereof the Sum

■ of

47° Giro R G11 HI. Cap. i gj

of One Shilling and no more shall be pdid; and the said Award Aiall, from and after the Delivery of such Copy thereof, so signed and aftefted as aforesaid, to the said Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and, taken to be enrolled according to the Directions and within the Meaning of the said recited Atl 5 and the said Award and the said Copy thereof, or any other Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, attested by the said Commissioners, or by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (for which Copy no more shall be paid than Four-pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words) Avail from Time to Time, and at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Tilings therein contained in all Courts whatsoever; and the original Award Aiall be deposited arid kept in the Parish Church of Irjlcad, or in such other Place as the said Com-nrissioners shall appoint.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aiall think himself, her-self, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuajice of the said recited Act or of this Act pother than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Conunissioners as are by the said recited Act or this Act declared to be final arid conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Iifue at Law Aiall be tried as herein-before mentioned) tlieriand in every such Case he, she, or they, may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which mail $>e. holden for the said County of Nerfeik) within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint Aiall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned (in case the Appeal Aiall be made again A any Act; or Determination of the said Commissionersj Fourteen Days Notice in Writing ofiuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the JuAkes not interestetr in the Premises, at their said General Quarter Sessions, or at any future Sessions to which such Appeal may be adjourned, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such CoAs and Damages as to them in their Discretion Aiall seem reasonable: and by their Order or Warrant, to levy the CoAs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by DiArels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay for the fame, rendering thd Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, DiArefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices Aiall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and Aiall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case any such Appeal Aiall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices- Aiall award such CoAs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion Aiall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lefien, or defeat, the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lords or Ladies of the Manors herein mentioned, or any of them, of, in, or to the Seigniories or Royalties incident and belonging to the said Manors respectively, but that such Lords or Ladies of the said Manors for the Time being respectively, shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame; and all Rents,

\Loc. iVr.l 4 E Courts,

Appeal

Seffious,

Saving

Right1-Lord c Manor.

,94 47* GEORGII m Cap. i9.

Courts, Perquisites, and Profits of Courts, Services, Franchises, Privileges, Waifs, Ettrays, Deodands, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Rights, and Appurtenances to such Manors respectively incident or belonging (other than those which are intended to be compensated for, barred, or destroyed by this Act) in as full, ample, extensive, and beneficial a Manner as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the fume in case this Act had not been patted.

General XXXIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His

Saving. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, in case this Act had not been patted.

Declaring the

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by A&publick. the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a C opy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrlw Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1807.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

bn*1* »-*"* *S®l$i

,_____- Sn

r^~"~r~ Ctf/L 2.0.

An Act; for inctoiing Lands in the Liberty or Township of Batford, in the Parish of Cheddleton, in the County of Stafford.

[23d March 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Liberty or Township of Basford, in the Parish of Cheddleton, in the County of Stafford, several Open Fields, Undivided inclosed L inds or Grounds, and Open Pastures, called by the several Names of The Over Sheep Field, The Lower Sheep Field, The Lowe Field, The Eyes, The Westage, The IVhirlow Crew,

The Town Meadow, The Towers Meadow, The Far Bridge Cliffe, The Near Bridge Cliffe, and The Bridge End, containing in the whole Three hundred and fifty-nine Acres, or thereabouts; of which the Right Ho- proprietors, nourable 7homas Earl of Wilton, Booth Grey, Edward Thornicroft, and George Blount, Esquires, or some of them, are the Ow’ners and Proprietors, in Doles, Plots, Sheep Gates, Parts, or certain Proportions: And whereas the said Edward Thornicroft, Esquire, and Ralph Leek, Gentlemen, are entitled to the Tythes of Corn and other Tythes, or Modules or other Payments in lieu of Tythes arising, issuing, and payable out of certain Parts of the said Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and other Parts thereof are Tythe-free, or the said Owners and Proprietors are entitled to the Tythes arising therefrom: And whereas an Act was passed in the Foity-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[Lee. y fed} 4 T intituled.

293

Act of 4 tr. 3. recited.

Advantage < Inclosure.

Commissioner.

For electing a new Commissioner.

Surveyors

appointed.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

intituled, An Act for consolidating in one Ad certain Provisions usually inserted in dds of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the J'everal Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas a general Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, and also Exchanges of the said Open Fields. Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pastures, intended to be hereby divided and allotted; and also an Exringuishment of Tythes, Modules or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, issuing out of the fame, to and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, would be of great Advantage to the several Parties interested therein: But such Division, Allotment, Inclosure, or Exchange and Ex-tinguifiiment, cann t be effectually completed without the Aid of Parliament j May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Joseph Gould of Pilsbury in the County of Derby, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Commissioner for setting out, dividing, an>. allotting the several Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pastures, within the Liberty or Township of Basford aforesaid, in manner herein-after directed, and for carrying this Act into Execution; subject to the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Orders, Clauses, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Joseph Gould, or any Commissioner to be hereafter appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall, previous to the making and completing of the Division and Award to be made by the said Commissioner, die, refuse, neglect, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, then it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the said Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pastures, hereby intended to be divided and allotted, who shall attend by themselves, or their Agents or Attornies, at a Meeting to be called by or by the Order of any one or more of the said Proprietors for that Purpose, at some convenient Place in Basford aforesaid, or within Eight Miles thereof, in pursuance of Notice to be given by any One or more of the said Proprietors, to the other Proprietors, in Writing, to be left at their respective Dwelling Houses, or with their known Agent or Attorney, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of their Agents or Attornies, to nominate, elect, and appoint, from Time to Time, some other fit and proper Person, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the place of such Commissioner so dying, refuling, neglecting, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; which said Commissioner, when elected in manner aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the fame Powers and Authorities in all respects, for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, as if he had been originally named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Surveys, Admeasure-ments, and Plans as have been made by Matthew Westun and Charles Heaton, of the said Lands and Grounds, shall be made use of by the said

14 Com-

299

47* GGEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Comm!flioner for the Purposes of dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pastures, hereby directed to be divided and allotted; and it any other Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans, shall in the Opinion of the said Commissioner, be requiGte and necessary to be made and taken for the Purposes aforesaid, the same shall be made and aken determined by the said Matthew Weston and Charles Heaton, or such Person or Persons as the said Commi'JToner or his Successors, to be appointed in Manner afurefatd, shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Notices necessary orrequisite Notice of to be made and given by the said Commissioner in the Execut on of this

and the said recited Act, shall be by Writing under the Hand of the said ances. Commissioner, to be left as aforesaid, and that such Notice shall be given of the Time and Place of the first and every subsequent Attendance for the Execution of this Act, Fourteen Days at least before every such Attendance shall be held (Attendance, by Adjournment only excepted ); and that the said Commissioner shall attend from Time to Time as he (h all fee Occasion.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors, their Attendants or Agents, shall pay their own F.xpences, Own Ex-when they or any of them dial I attend the said Commissioner at pences. any of the Sittings or Attendances to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allowance t® be allowed the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for his Trouble

and Expences for each and every Day he shall necessarily attend in the Execution of the Powers of this or the said recited Act, and that at all Attendances to be held in pursuance of this and the said recited Act, the Commissioner shall, out of such Allowance, pay and defray his own Charges and Expences.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Question or Dispute shall Commission-arise betvven any of the said Proprietors of the said Open Fields, Undivided er to settle inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pastures, before the setting out DllPutes-and allotting the fame in Manner herein-after mentioned, touching the

Extent, Identity, or Possession of any Dole, Plot, Parcel, or Portion thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in, upon, or over the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pastures, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to examine into, hear, and determine the fame:

Provided always that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner power to af. shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob- fess Colts, jeftion or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said

300 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

faici Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Colls and Charges as he shall thi k reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said Coimnillioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refule to pay the fame on Demand, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and his Successor or Successors, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their respective Hands directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by

D i ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so

neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person c- Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Allowing

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per-

Parties to try son or persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended

U‘v*fion and Allotment, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the at Law. said Commissioner, touching or concerning their respective Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pailures, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at-Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or at the following Aiiizes to be holden for the said County of Stafford, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shaft be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought or commenced on a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within One Calendar Month next alti-r such Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made known to such Person or Persons, and shall proceed to Trial thereon as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Issues. whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Acton or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unlcl's the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to lie had thereupon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to ad in conformicy thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the betennina- Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination '^e Commissioner touching such Rights or Interests, in, over, or bt' final,'if not upon t!le luid Upeu F'Uds, Undivided iudoi'ed Lands or Grounds, and

• Open

47* GEORGII ill. Cap. 20.

Open Pastures, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or objected to , any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, thq Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be b ' brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to < all Parties.

t, 1 . it ' | 1 .

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Ac- If any of the

tion to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, Parfiesdic, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as , "edtngs if no such Event had happened. n0t to abate'

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner ffisll.andhe Allotmest?to is hereby authorized and required tofet our, assign.and allotuntothe several tl‘lft«r*ers O vners and Proprietors of Tythes, or Person or Persons entitled to any Payments’^ Modus or Modules or other Payments in lieu of such Tythes, or any of lieu thereof, them, i(suing and payable out of any of the said Lands and Grounds

within the Liberty or Township of Basford aforesaid, intended to be hereby divided and allotted, their Heirs and Assigns, so much and such Parc and Parcel of the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Oten Pastures, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and indofed, as are subject and liable to the Payment of any Tythe, Modus or othe Payment in lieu of Tythes, as shall in the Judgement of the said Coipmiluoner be equal in Value to such Tythe, Modus or other Payment (after the Deduction thereout for the Roads to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act, and all’o the Allotments for Watering Places, and for getting Materials for the Repairs of the Roads and other Purposes) for and in lieu and in full Compensation for all the Tythes, Modules, or other Payments artfing, or due tr payable, or which could or might arise, or become due or payable, out of or for such of the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pastures, as are subject and liable thereto respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and Allotment of he is hereby authorized and required, after the several Allotments here- ft p*0. in-before directed shall have been set out and made, and likewise for any ppctJw othe r Rights and Interests not herein mentioned and provided for, which shall be claimed and allowed by the said Commissioner, or determined as aforesaid, to set out, allot, and divide all the then Residue of the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Failures, within the said Liberty or Townfifip of Basford, directed by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, and laid in Severnity, unto and amongst the said several Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to the true and real Value of their several and respective Shares and Interests, to be ascertained and adjusted by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as to the said Commissioner shall seem just and expedient.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and comm;{non may, from Time to Time, as he shall find convenient, deliver to the er to deliver several Persons interested in the several Divisions and Allotments to be fee Possession of out under this Act, Possession of their respective Allotments hereby di- Allotments, rested to be made and set out; and such Possession so delivered shall be kept and retained by the several Persons entitled thereto, against all (Lee. £sf Perd\ 4 G . Person*

302

No Sheep to be depastured the first Seven Years, except under certain Restrictions.

Trees, Plants, &c. on the Allotments, not to be cut or lopped without Consent of Commissioner.

47e GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Persons whomsoever, although the Award herein-after directed shall npt then be made and executed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, shall be depastured or kept on any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, where Quick Fences shall be planted, during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons so keeping the lame shall first at his, her, or their own Expence* make and maintain a Fence sufficient to guard the young Ouick Fences round such Allotments from being cropped, hurr, or damaged by such Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, whether such Quick Fences be planted or set by the Owner or Occupier of such Allotments as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto, and the Persons respectively depalturing, or keeping or turning such Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, into any of the said Allotments, not having first well and sufficiently guarded such Quick Fence* aforesaid, shall pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, as shall be adjudged and determined by any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, not in-tcrested in the fanv-, who may fumnion the Panies concerned, and examine Witnesses upon Oath relating to the said Compla nt; and ft shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by V\ arr-nt under his or the;f Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the said Penalty to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending (Demand having been first made thereof) rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person so offending; and the said Penalty, when paid or levied, shall be applied by the said Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That until the said Divisions and Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, no t rees, Plants, Shrubs, or Hedges now (landing, growing, or being in and upon the said Open Fields, Un livided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pastures, shall, without che Content of the said Commissioner, be lopped, topped, cut down, or grubbed up, but shall be l'eft for the Benefit of the Person and Persons to whom the Land whereon the same are growing shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, and the Person and Persons for whose Benefit the same shall be left, shall pay or make to the former Owner or Owners thereof, such Sum or Sums of Money, or other Satisfaction for the Trees, Plants, Shrubs, or Hedges, within Ten Days after such Money or other Satisfaction shall have been respectively demanded, as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint •, and in case any Surplus shall remain after Payment of such Expences as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, if seised in Fee of such Lands; and in case such Person shall be Tenant for Life of such Lands, such Surplus shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange ot Lands, Tenements, or hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or

Heredi-

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 303

Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; but in case the former Owner of any such Trees, Plants, Shrubs, or Hedges, shall obtain the Consent of the said Commissioner for cutting, grubbing up, and removing the fame, it shall be lawful for such Person, ur any reasonable Time or Times, within the Space ol Three Calendar Months after the said Allotments shall be made, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds upon which such Trees, Plants, Shrubs, or Hodges shall be Handing, growing, and being, and to fell, grub up, and cut down, and with Idorfes and Carriages to carry away the fame at his Will and Pk-a-sure, to and for his own Use and Benefit, such Person levelling all such Ground as shall be broken tip by him for that Purpose.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby empowered, by Writing under his Hand, to ascertain and order what Recompence in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Arable Lands by this Act intended to be allotted and laid in Severalty, which shall be left planted with Clover or other Grass Seeds, or which (halt, during the Summer of the Year next preceding the passing of this Act, have lain in fallow, or have been folded or dunged, for the Profit and Advantage which any Person or Persons to whom the said Lands so planted, fallowed, folded or dunged shall be allotted, will obtain thereby; and if such Recompence shall not be paid at the Time appointed by the Conunissioner, then the said Commissioner may and shall, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, cause the same to be levied by Dilliefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons required to make such Recompence as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of every Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in the meantime and until such Course of Division and Allotment (InalI be made as aforesaid, all the PaHure, Tillage, Huihandry. and other Lands hereby intended to be divided and allotted, shall be flock'd

with such Cattle, and (own by the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof with such Sorts of Corn, Grain, Grab, and other Seeds, and shall be kept, oidered, and continued in such Course of Management, Tilth, and Husbandry, as the said Commissioner shall, by any Writing under his Hand, in that Behalf, order, direct, and appoint, any TPage or Custom of Hocking, tilling, or sowing to the contrary notwithstanding; and that ic shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to settle, ascertain, and appoint, by Writing under his Hand, what Recompence shall be paid to the Owner or Owners of any Crop of Corn or Grass growing in or upon the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Failures, at the Time of Haking out the several Allotments hereby directed to be made, for the Value of the said Crop, by the Person or Persons to whom the Land on which such Crop shall then be growing, shall be allotted, or otherwise that the Owner or Owners o! such Crop shall be at Liberty to cut, reap, gather, lead, and carry away the fame within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioner, without any Molestation or Hindrance (rom the Person or Persons to whom the Lands on which the said Crop

shall be growing, shall or may be allotted by virtue of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- In case any son or Persons hath Or have fold, or concrafted or agreed to fell, or shall, Person shall

fell his Allotment, the

Recompence for Lands planted or fallowed.

3°+

fame to be. awarded to the Purchaser*

t,reases at Rack Rent be void.

Commission-fr may alter Roads through ancient Inclosures, with

GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

at any Time before-the Execution of the Award of the said Commiltoner, fell, comtraft; or awree t6'fell, his, her, or their Right, Interest, or Property, in over, of upon the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Failures, or any Part thereof; to any other Person or Persons,'then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Paid Commissioner, and heis hereby dirtfted, authorized, and required to make, an Allotment of Land to the Purchaser or Purchasers in such Sale, Contrail, or Agreement, or to his, her, or their Heirs or AflUm, for or in respect of‘ such Right, In rereft, or Property so fold, contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, ot their Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in. the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor or Vendors in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Conftaft, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right,- Infereft, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such A1-,

lo'ttrtents as aforesaid.

Luo^tJlu " ‘ 'Ari'.'.r r s uncq

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said ComnitjTjonet may? and he is hereby directed and authorized (on Application made to Mini for,

1 that Purpose) to declare void every Lease or Leases, Agreeniept 'or Agree-j ments, at Rack Rent now fubfiiling, or which may affect any of the Lands to be inclosed, exchanged, or divided, with in the said Liberty or Township of Basfird, by virtue of this Act or the said rehited’'X'£t,"ari"d the same shall accordingly cease at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall, by Writing under his Hand, order and appoint- and the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to, adjudge and determine such' R,ecofhpence and Satisfaction to be made to the Lessee or LefRes,"Tenant or Tenants respectively, for the avoiding such Lease or Leases", Agreement or Agreements, as the said Commissioner shall deem adequate to the Bel nefit and Interest which the said Lessee or Lessees, Tenant of Tenants, had or derived under the said Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, before the passing of this Act, or which such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, could or might have had or enjoyed had not this Act been made or passed, and aho by whom and at what Time such Recompense and Satisfaction shall be made; and in case such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be made accordingly, then it shall be lawful to and for such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, to sue for and recover the Tame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe: Provided always, that if there shall be any such Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Liberty or Township of Basford, and Part in any adjoining Patiib or Township, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent may be vacated j but where any Lands shall have been taktn in txchange, which Lands shall be under any such Lease or Agreement, and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish or Township, fuc(i lait mentioned Lease or Agreement shall not be vacated.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the foijl Commissioner that there are or is any publick Highways or Highway,* Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, in, through, over,-or on' the Sides of any of the old inclosed Lands or other Land? within the said Liberty or Township of Basford, which may in the judgement' of the said

47° GGEORGII III. Cap. 20. 305

said Commissioner be diverted and turned, without Inconvenience to the 1 Publick, into any other publick Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, or be otherwise diverted or turned, 6 so as to make the fame more convenient to the Publick, or dfe flopped up and destroyed as superfluous and unneceltary, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner (with the Concurrence and Order ot Two Justices of the Peace afling in and for the Division of the said County, in which the said Liberty or Township of Basford\&fiim.te, subject to Appeals, as in the said recited Act is mentioned) in and by his said A,ward, to order and di-red such publick Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridie Road,

Footways or Footway, to be altered, turned, diverted, flopped up, or destroyed, in such manner as the said Commissioner shall think proper and ressonable.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the C.ofls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act and incident thereto, and of surveying, admeasuring, and valuing, dividing, and allotting the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Failures, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and of forming and making the publick Roads, publick or common Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Watering Places for Cattle, Wells, Bridges, and other Conveniencies, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioner, and all other the Cods, Charges, and Expences of the said Commissioner, and of the I'eve al Persons employed by him either before or after the Execution of the said Award, in, about, or concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the said several Proprietors respectively, in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint, the Shares and Proportions of all which Colls, Charges, and Expences (had be borne by the said respective Owner' and Persons interested as aforesaid, and paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or 'limes, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as the said Commissioner shall direct or appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neg-led to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Cuffs, Charges, and Expences, according to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, then and in such Case the same shall and may be recovered in the Manner directed in and by the said recited Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said por majjing Commissioner to set out, allot, and award any old inclosed Lands, Tene- Exchange*, ments, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Liberty or Township of Basford, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Liberty or Township, or within the said Parish of Cheddleton, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Chapelry, Manor, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges of any Messuages, Tenements, Dwelling Houses, or Ilomefleads, and of all Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures adjoining thereto, be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Boaies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or L.ive% or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffee* for chari-[Lw. Ss" Per.J 4 H table

3o6

Cods of Exchanges by whom to be paid.

This Act not to affect Wills, Sac.

Persons ad-rancing Money to be allowed Iu-terest.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

(able or other UfeSjHulbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other contenting Parties respectively; and all and every Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron of such Church, Chapel, or Benefice, and also of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate; and all such Exchanges shall be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges and Partitions by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall by his Award order or direct.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, or any Part thereof; but that each and every Proprietor shall Hand and be seised of the several Lands and Hereditaments to be allotted to, or exchanged with him or her, as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands or Hereditaments whereof such Proprietor was seised or possessed at or immediately before the signing and fealing of the said Award, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid the fame, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing thereof, out of the full Monies that shall be raffed for defraying such Expences under and by virtue of this Act, which Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be a Charge upon the said Open Fields, Undivided inclosed Lands or Grounds, and Open Failures, hereby intended jo be divided and inclosed, until the same shall be raised and repaid.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 367

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in each and CommissioRer every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be to actount* computed from the Day of the parting thereof) the said Commis-

fioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by him laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, not interested in the said Inclosure, to be examined and allowed; and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices ftaied in the B iok of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioner; andjno Charge or Item in such Account* shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in the Law, uniefii the same shall be duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the Award to be said Commissioner, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited deposited. Act, shall be deposited in a Tin Box, and kept in the Parish Church of Chcddkton aforesaid, in the said County.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal to the think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance Quarter SeE of this or the said recited Act, then and in such Case, (except as to such

Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before or by the said recited Aftdirested or authorized to be tried, settled, cr determined by the Ver-dist of a Jury, or where any of the Clauses or Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act shall express that the same shall be final and conclusive) he, she, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Stafford, within Pour Caleudar Months next after the Caule of Complaint shall have aiifen, giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal to the said Commissioner; and the Julies at the General Quarter Stlfions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and make such Orders therein, and award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall feetn reafoiwble and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rende ing the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at iVeJlminster or elsewhere.

XXIX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successiors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body Saving; or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs,

Successors, Executors, and Adiniuiftracors (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons rdpeciively claiming under' them, or in Reversion or Remainder after

them)

3*8

AA may t Evidence.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

them) all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in, to, or out of the said Open Fields, Undivided indofed Lands or Grounds, and Open Pastures hereby directed to be divided and allotted, in case this Act had not been made.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

•tun:v

s4M

■S&Ktfr

/ ,rf :.n r, ■* i ■-• >9s!»v;.i

bfc Mi

«, 1. - —-*5*-w? «■- '

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 21.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees, certain Trail Estates comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Venables Lord Vernon with Loui/a Barbara Lady Vernony his late Wife. {^25tK March 1807.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release bearing Date Settlement oi respectively on or about the First and Second Days of July 1 & 2 July in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, *757’ the Release being of Six Parts, and made between George Venables Vernon the elder, of Sudbury in the County of Derby, Esquire, and George Venables Vernon the younger, (eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the said George Venables Vernon the elder) of the First Part; the Right Honourable Barbara Lady Manfel (Widow and Relict of the Right Honourable Bu(foLord Manfel, Baron Manfel of Morgans in the County of Glamorgan, deceased) and the Honourable Louisa Barbara Manfel (only Child and Heir of the said Bt/Jfy Lord Manfel by the said Barbara Lady AlanJ'el) of the Second Part; the Right Honourable Francis Earl Guilford and Charles Mount ague, of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of MiddleJ'ex, Esquire, of the Third Part; and the several other Persons therein named of the remaining Parts, (being the Setile-£L$r. £5? Perl] 4 f . rnent

3io

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

JTient made, previously to and in contemplation of the Marriage then intended, and loon afterwards Itad, between the said George Venables Vernon the younger, and Loutfa Barbara Manfcl); it is by the said Indenture of Release witnessed, that in Consideration of the said intended Marriage, and for other Confuierations therein expressed, the said George Venables Vernon the elder, and George Venables Vernon the younger, did, in Execution of the Power therein mentioned and referred to, direct, limit, and appoint, that divers Manors or Lord ships, Messuages, Advowsons, Parks, Larins, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, and Parts and Shares of Manors or Lordflrips, and other Hereditaments, therein particularly described, situate, lying, and being in the several Counties of Derby and Stafford, should from thenceforth be and remain to the several Uses, and for the several Intents and Purposes therein-after expressed and declared: And it is thereby further witnessed, that for the Considerations therein-before mentioned, they the said George Venables Vernon the elder, and George Venables Vernon the younger, did grant, release, and confirm to the said Francis Earl Guilford, and Charles Mount ague, and their Heirs, the said Manors and other Hereditaments in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, and also several other Messuages, Farms, Lamds, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein described, fituale in the fame Counties of Derby and Stafford, and also several Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Milis, Parks, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, therein described or mentioned, in the County of Chester; to hold the lame unto the said Francis Earl Guilford and Charles Mountague, and their Heirs and Assigns, to, for, and upon several Uses, Trusts, and Estates, which are determined by the death of the said Louisa Barbara the late Wife of the said George Venables Vernon the younger, and the Death of the said George Venables Vernon the elder, with Remainder to the Use of the said George Venables Vernon the younger, and his Assigns, for his Lift, without impeachment of Walle; Remainder to the Use of the said Francis Earl Guilford and Charles Mountague, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said George Venables Vernon the younger, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of Trustees, for the Term of Five hundred Years, without Impeachment of Walle, upon Trust for raifrng Portions for the Daughters aid younger Sons of the said then intended Marriage; with Remainder to the Use of the first and other Sons of the said George Venables Vernon the younger, by the said Louisa Barbara Manfcl, successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to Trustees for the Term of One thousand Years, upon Trust for raising Portions for the Daughters of the said then intended Marriage, in case of Failure of Issue Male; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said George Venables Vernon the younger, by any other Woman or Women successively, in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of Henry Fenton, Second Son of the said George Venables Vernon the elder, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the said Francis Earl Guilford, and Charles Mountague, and their Heirs, during the Lite of the said Henry Vernon, in Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the said Henry Vernon successively, in Tail Mail, with Remainder to the said Gtarge Venables Vernon the elder, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever: And it was by the said Indenture of Release and Settlement provided and declared, and agreed, that notwithstanding any of the

Limitations

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Limitations therein-before contained, it should and might be lawful to and for the said Francis Earl Guilford and Charles Mountague, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Lives of the said George P enables Vernon the elder and George Venables Vernon the younger, or the Survivor of them (by and with the Corifent and Approbation of the said George Venables Vernon the elder, George Venables Vernon the younger, and Loui/'a Barbara Manfel, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, teffified by Writing under their, his, or her respective Hands and Seals, signed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses) to sell and dispose of, or convey in exchange, in lieu of other Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in that Part of Great Britain called England, all, every, or any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Advowson's, Hereditaments, and Premises, or Parts and Shares of Manors, Messuages, Tenements, Advowsons, Hereditaments, and Premises, therein-before granted and released, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, to any Person or Persons, and his or their Heirs, either together or in Parcels, for such Price and Prices in Money, or any such other Equivalent as to them should feeni reasonable; and upon Payment of the Money arising upon the Sale thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof, when any such Part or Parcel thereof should be sold for a valuable Consideration in Money, to sigh and give proper Receipts for the Monies for which the fame should be so fold, which Receipt or Receipts of the said Francis Earl Guilford and Charles Mountague, or the Survivor of them, or his Heirs, should be a sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, for the Purchase Money therein to be acknowledged or expressed to be received, and that such Purchaser or Purchasers should not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of the said Purchase Money so received, or any Part thereof; and when any of the Premises should be so fold for a valuable Consideration in Money, and such proper Receipts should be signed and given for the Purchase Money as aforesaid, and also when any of the Premises should be fold, disposed of, or conveyed, for or in lieu of other Lands and Heredita merits, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance'of such Lands taken in Exchange, should be well verted in them the said Francis Earl Guilford and Charles Mountague, or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, all and every the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, Hereditaments, and Premises, and Parts and Shares of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, Hereditaments and Premises, so fold, disposed of, or conveyed in exchange, or otherwise, should from thenceforth he and remain for ever freed and absolutely discharged of and from all the Uses, Estates, Trusts, Declarations, Pn> vifoes, and Agreements therein-before limited, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same; and from thenceforth the said Indenture of Release and Settlement now in recital, and the Grant and Release thereby made, and the several Common Recoveries in the said Indenture of Release mentioned to have been suffered, should be and enure as to such of the said Premises as should be so respectively fold, disposed of, or conveyed, to the only Use and Behoof of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or of such other Person or Persons to whom the fame should he so rrfpeft vely fold, disposed of, or conveyed in Exchange or otherwise, and of his, her, and their Heirs respectively for ever: And it was thereby declared, that when any of the said Premises should be fold

for

3*2 47° GEORGII III. 'Cap. 2\.

for a valuable Confuleration in Money in pursuance of the said Indenture of Release and Settlement, that the said Francis Earl Guilford, and Charhs Mount ague, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, should, by and with the like Consent of the said George Venables Vernon the elder, George Venables Vernon the younger, and Louisa Barbara Manfel, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, testified as aforesaid, with all convenient Speed lay out and invest the Money arising by such Sale or Sales, in the purchasing of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, of a clear and indefeasible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and as well the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, so to be purchased, as all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, which should be verted in the said Francis Eail Guilford and Charles Mountague, or in the Survivor of them, or in his Heirs or Assigns, in Exchange for and in lieu of the Manors, Messuages. Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, Hereditaments, and Premises, and Parts and Shares of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises therein-before granted and released, which he or they should have disposed of or conveyed in Exchange or otherwise, in pursuance of the said Indenture of Release and Settlement, should be settled and conveyed by them the said Francis Earl Guilford and Charles Mount ague, or by the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, to such and the same Uses, and upon such and the fame Trusts, and for such and the fame Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and charged in the same Manner and with, by, and under the fame Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as were therein-before limited, declared, and expressed, of and concerning the Manor-, M.Ullages, Lands Tenements, Advow-frns, Hereditaments, and Premises, and Parts and Shares of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, Hereditaments, and Premises, therein-before mentioned to be granted and released, or to such and so many of them as should then be existing and undetermined, or capable of taking effect: And it was thereby further agreed and declared, that in the mean Time, and until such convenient Purchase of Lands in that Part of Great Britain called England, as is before mentioned, could be found, it should and might be lawful to and for the said Francis Furl Gulford and Charles Mount ague, and the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators (by and with such Consent and Approbation,

> or their own Discretion) to place ouc the Money arising by such Sale or Sales, or any Part or Parts thereof, on Real or Government Securities, or Parliamentary Funds, and from Time to Time, with the like Consent, to call in the fame, and change Lch Securities: And it was thereby declared, that the Interest, Dividends, or Proceeds, so verted in Securities, should from Time to Time go to and be had and received by such Person and Persons, and be applied to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, in such Course, Order, and Manner, as the Rents and Profits of the Lauds id to be purchased therewith, and settled as aforesaid, would go or be payable, or applicable unto, in case such Purchase or Settlement were then attually made: And whereas the said George Venables Vernon the elder died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty (having been created a Peer by the l it le of Baron Vernon of Kinderton, in the County of Chfler) leaving the said George Venables Vernon the younger (now Lord Vernon') and tile laid Lcttifa Barbara Lady Vernon him surviving: And whereas the said Louisa Barbara Lady Vernon died in

47° GEORGII- III. Cap. 21. 3*3

the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, without issue oy the said George Venables Vernon the younger, then and now Lord Vernon; and he the said George Venables Vernon the younger, now Lord Vermin, hath since married Jane Georgiana Fauquier, Spinster Spinster, and hath no issue Male: And whereas the said Henry Vernon, now called Hcn-y Sedley, hath issue One Son named George Charles Sedley, who hath attained the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said Charles Mountague died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, in the Lifetime of his Co-Trustee, the said Francis Lari Guilford, w'ho died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety, leaving issue Frederick Earl Guilford his eldest Son and Heir at Law him surviving; and the said Frederick Earl Guilford died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, leaving issue George Augustus Earl Guilford his eldest Son and Heir at Law him surviving; and the said George Augustus Fa-1 Guilford died in the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, leaving issue Lady Maria North, Lady Susannah North, and Lady Georgiana North, his Three Daughters and Co-Heiresses at I.aw him surviving i and having by his last Will and Testament, dated the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, appointed his Wife Susan, Countess Guilford, the Right Honourable Robert Lord Hobart (now Robert Earl ot Buckinghamshire') John Sullivan Esquire, and Thomas Coutts Esquire, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, Guardians and Guardian of all his Children during their respective Minorities: And whereas the said Lady Maria North, Lady Susannah North, and Lady Georgiana North, are all Infants, and are therefore disabled to execute the aforesaid Power of Sale and Exchange contained in the a fore said Indenture of Release and Settlement in respect of the aforesaid settled Estates; and the said George. Venables (now Lord Vernon) is delirous that new Trustees of the said Settlement may be fublticuted in lieu of the said Infants; but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject, the said George Venables (now Lord Vernon) doth most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons-, in this present Par-Lament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and The Manors Angular the aforesaid Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Advowsons, ^,^7afied Parks, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, and ;n the recited Parts and Shares of Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Advowsons, Parks, Settlement Farms, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Counties shall beveiLed of Derby, Stafford, and Chester, and all other the Hereditaments, which by the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release, and Settlement, of Geor.-e the First and Second Days of July One thousand seven hundred and Venables fifty-seven, were directed, limited, and appointed as aforesaid, and which were thereby granted and released as aforesaid, unto the said Francis Earl therein * Guilford and Charles Mountague, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Uses mentioned, and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes aforesaid, and which are now comprised in the fame Indentures, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall, lrom and alter the passing of this Act, be velted in and settled upon, and the same are hereby veiled in and settled upon George Anftn Esquire, Colonel of the Sixteenth Regiment of Light Dragoons, and George Venables Vernon Esquire, Student of Christ Church College, in the University of Oxford, their Heirs and Afttgns, to the [Loe. (A JPer.J 4 K Q Uses,

3M- 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Uses, upon and for the TruRs, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, upon, to, for and subject to which the said Manors and other Hereditaments by this present Act veiled and settled would now have been subject and liable by virtue of and under the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release and Settlement, if at the Time of executing the fame Indentures ot Lease and Release and Settlement the said George Anson and Gear e Venables Vernon respectively had been in exigence, and the Names of them the said George Anson and George Venables Vernon had respectively been inferred in the fame Indentures of Lease and Release and Settlement, irdtead and in lieu of the said Francis Earl Guilford and Charles Mountague; and the Estates, Trulls, Powers, and Authorities by the fame Indentures of Lease and Release and Settlement, veiled in and given to the said Francis Earl Guilford, and Charles Mountague, their Heirs and Assigns, or to the said Francis Earl Guilford and Charles Mountague, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, or the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, had been thereby veiled in and given to the said George Anson and George Venables Vernon, th-ir Heirs and Assigns, or to the said George Anson and George Venables Vernon, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, or the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor.

Power of

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the said

Appointing George Anson and George Venables Vernon, or either of them, or any

new ru ecs. ,j’ru^ee or Ti ullees who shall be appointed in the Stead of them, or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, or their or either of their Heirs or Assigns shall die, or be dtlirous to be discharged from the Powers and TruRs herein before expressed, and referred to; then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented in a summary Way by the said George Venables (now Lord Vernon) and after his Decease by the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled in Possession to the said Manors, and other Hereditaments, under and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age; but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians during his, her, or their respective Minorities, to appoint the Person or Persons proposed in the said Petition, or any Person or Persons named by the Court, to be a Trullee or TruRees in the Place of the TruRee or TruRees so dying or desiring to be discharged, and thereupon the said Manors and other Hereditaments, or such of them as shall from Time to T me remain unfold and undisposed of, shall, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and allured (which Conveyances and Assurances the Trustee or TruRees for the Time being, notwithstanding Infancy or Coverture, is or are hereby empowered to make accordingly) in such Sort and Manner as to become legally and effectually veRed in such new TruRee or TruRees solely or jointly with the surviving or continuing TruRee or TruRees, as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall require, and his or their Heirs, to the Uses, upon the TruRs, and for the Intents and Purposes, and with under, and subject to the Powers, Declarations, and Agreements herein before expressed and referred to, of and concering the fame; and that such new TruRee or TruRees shall, to all Intents, Effects, Con-Rruftions, and Purposes whatsoever, have all the Powers and Authorities of the TruRee or TruRees in whose Room he or they shall be fubRicuted.

9 III. Saving

, b b l •= ,s g l-as M -1 % •« VH

47° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 21. 31

III. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent'Majesty, His Heirs General and Success >r«, and to ail and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Saving-Politick or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, SucccSors, Executors,

and Administrators (other than and except the said George Venables (now Lord Verntn') and his Assigns, and the Eirfl and other Sons of his Body, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such First and other Sons; and the said Hen'y Sedley and his Assigns, and the said George Charles Sedley, the Fi; ft Son of the said Henry Sedley and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said George Charles Sedley, and the Second and other Sons of the said Hen y Sedley, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such Second and other Sons; and the Heirs and Assigns of the said George late Lord Vernon, and the said Lady Maria North, Lady Susannah North, and Lady Georgiana North, and their respective Heirs) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest,

Benefit, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Manors or Lordships, and other Hereditaments, as they, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or might have had in case this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the aa to be Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and that a Copy thereof, Evidence, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices,

and others.

vnu to msib t - :,dfb t- ,i ,-lAV - xi (,ns anmioqq/

7'- so <rj* ot j jinto rr Ar*'Oh|V . , it rr , a, *t* tMjktiT

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i Soy.

sjsctO bit! sr!' yd yeW i: m bs-r d 01 noifiiaT t noqi

hut , JU ' -: - ,n: " »rii lo)

■n sooiwjir a ] sfibs sfl tarfio bnc

(boHi ,503111: it;’! act ;!: tanisl

ifloliaS 10 n^lM . li ir!: v; n anohsT to nolisT

noftaS q. o ^.i j r iq rul <sid gnitub

tv- vn» »?'t bi- oFraH to

i Su

{} fe

\ -

• .> .

.»? -;UV V-/-T

N> ' ' i-rs. U* I

; .* * ■*$' 'l*-'* * <4-< ' * fcjb r." J

4y* V?v ’•*•' * v;'i. *•’ i *: z

VII

if r t y*

hbi Ns

j

*«! cj fiA '

:nj «MiV

r-.y - Jf - * ' \ * - r* \

v '

* . 1

if

\ A

i* "v0

-■3ft Xi tS

•-•■ ? -

*• •-'*•" ft A *:

k*

- H v-v

f*!.

* yjf * ■-; UB-;

A>

.;’#W -

/* •-■

:ii . v

L.Wivw

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTJMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. ii.

An Act for amending, altering, widening* and keepj. ing in Repair, the Road from the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, to the respective Towns of Margate, and Ramsgate, in the isle of "Thanet, in the said County; and for reducing, for a limited Time, the Tolls and Duties now payable at Sandwich Bridge, by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, across the Second District of the Turnpike Road, from the City of Canterbury, to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the said County, near the West End of Nethcrcourt Lane, in the Parish of Saint Lawrence, in the said \fle of Thanet, by Ozengell, to or near the Well End of Wefwood Lane, in the Parish of Saint Peter the Apostle, in the said Ife of Thanet, and thence by Chapell Hill, to the Town of Margate, in the said. Isle of Thanet, and by Northwood Chalk Pit, to the said Town of Ramsgate, is much out foe. 1st Peri] 4 L of

4-7° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

of Repair, and in many Parts thereof narrow, circuitous, dangerous, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages; and such Road cannot be sufficiently repaired, altered, and improved, by the Laws now in force or effect: And whereas it would be of great public Utility, and of much Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Sandwich, Margate, and Ramsgate, and the adjacent Country, if the said Road were repaired, altered, widened, and improved: And whereas, by an Act nailed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven between the Town of Sandwich and the opposite Shore in the County of Kent, certain Tolls in the said Act mentioned were, from and after the building and opening the said Bridge, granted to the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the said Town and Pert of Sandwich, and their Successors, and allowed to be demanded, taken, and received at Sandwich Bridge, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and such Tolls have since been and still are demanded, taken, and received at the said Bridge: And whereas some of the material Purposes, for which the said Tolts were granted by the said recited Act, have been completed: And whereas the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the said Town and Port of Sandwich have consented and agreed, for the Benefit of the Public, and for the better carrying. this present Act into Execution, that the Toils payable by virtue of the said recited Act at Sandwich Bridge aforesaid, should be reduced during the continuance of this Act; but such several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, the Members of Parliament for the City of Canterbury, the Members of Parliament for the Town and Port of Sandwich, the Members of Parliament for the Town and Port of Dover, the Chairman of the Trustees of Rcmfgate Harbour, the Deputy Chairman of the fame Trustees, the Mayor, Jurats, Recorder, and Town Clerk of the Town and Port of Sandwich, the Mayor, Jtirats, Recorder, and Town Clerk of the said Town and Port of Dover, and the Deputies of the respective Towns of Margate and Ranfgate for the Time being, the Honourable Francis Nathaniel Burton, the Honourable George Watson, Sir EdwaVd Knatchbull, Sir John Fogg, Sir Henry Oxen den, Sir Brook William Bridges, Sir Narbordugh D'Atih, Sir William Curtis, Sir Philip Stephens, Sir Horace Mann, Sir Charles, Kent, Sir Henry Hawley, Sir John William Anderfcn, Baronets, Sir Henry Harvey K. B. Sir Samuel. Chandlers Knight, William, Abbot B. D. Edward Aitjlen, Nathaniel Aujien, James Aujlen, John Abbott of Sajnt Bunftan’s, Nathaniel Aiethor Aujlen, Lewis Agajfiz, Thomas Brett, Thomas

Bundock, William Wybcrn Bradly, William Bottler, Wheeler Bunge Clerk, Charles Baker Clerk, William Fuller Boteler, William Boys, Stephen Bax, William Bcl/iy, Thomas Bclfey, Peter Blackburn, John Bourn, Peter Burgess, John Brooman, Richard Baylc/, Gilbert Bedford, John Boys of Bctftianger, Edward Boys, Thomas Briggs, John Baker of Saint Stephen’s, John Charles Buckingham Clerk, Edward Tymewdl Brydges Clerk, John Head Brydges, Stephen Bradly, John Bradly, John Bowes Bunce Clerk, George Bourn, Barman Bourn, John Boys of Margate, Henry Cull, Daniel Curling, John Cutler, William Curtis, Edward Curling,

Dentil

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Daniil Curling junior, John Cooper of Saint Lawrence, Charles Boivfarid Cotton, Anthony Calvert, Thomas Curling, Francis Cobb, John Cowed\ Francis I i 1 Hi am Cobb, William Cobb, James Ramsay Cuihbert, John

Con ant Clerk, Robert Curling, John Carter, Slodden Gajlle, John

Ctsftlc, Robert Castle, Thomas Castle, Francis Cocking, John Maris

Cocking, Joseph Cocking, William Cocking, James Ctdl, John Curling, John Card, William Chapman Clerk, Montague Davis Clerk, Joseph Duplock, Joseph Dyajen, Charles Bering, Cholmondeley Dering, Edward Bering, James Dyson, George Dering, Edward Daniel, Edward Dcring the younger, William Neve Daniel, John Dcnnc Glazier, John Daw/on, William Devayncs, William Day, Richard Emmerfm, Richard Emmerson junior, Charles

Emmcrfon, George Eajies, Edward Eafon, James Elliott, John Elgar, Stephen Elgar, Thomas Elgar, Thomas Francis Fremantle, Edmund lowle, John Fozvlc, John Minet Fctlor, William For, John Friend of Ranifgate, George Friend of Ramsgate, Edward Eorjler, John Fowler, Joseph Fowler, Henry Godfrey Fauffctt, Thomas Foord, Thomas For• fifth, William Friend of A ill, William Friend of Eaflrv, Robert Famarifs, John Fleming, William Garrow, Thomas Garrett, John Garrett, Edward Carrow, George Garrow, David William Garrow, John Gibson, George Gibson, Robert George, Thomas Giilow, John Gray, Thomas Godfrey, E'iliiam Guy, William Garrett Clerk, John Gregory Clerk, James George, Edward George, Medmer Goodwin, Harry Gocdycr, Robert Goodson, James Grsey, Edward Grtdy, George 'Garrett, Thomas Gore, John Grubb, Henry Gifby, William Goodson junior, William Honywcod, ?hernias Hey D. D. Richard Harvey Clerk, Samuel Harvey, Richard Harvey junior, Clerk, William HarrUln Clerk, William Maundy Harvey, Thomas Harvey, John Harvey, T.lornas Harvey of Woodliefborough, John Springett Harvey, George Hannam, William Hooper, George blooper, Daniel Hodgfoli, Andrew Hills, Herbert Hooper, John Harriffon, John Hoi/e, Thomas Hope, George E of age Hope, John Hedges, John Holman, William Humble, Roger Hooper, Sharp Hatcbinfon, Charles Hughes Clerk, Robert Holford, Henry Wife Harvey, John Jeffurd, Stephen Joad, Daniel Jarvis, William Jdr man, William King, Rickard Kemp, Edward Knatchbull, George John Piercy Leith, Richard Leggat, James Leman, Richard Warburton Lytten, George Leuch, John Lade, William Lee, Samuel Fothsrgal Lcttfom, George Urnjhne Leith, Henry Matson, John Matson oi Sandwich, James Matson of Sandwich, John Marbrcok, Thomas Minter, John May, Bernard Mercer, John Mochett, Thomas Oakley, William Osborn M. D. John Omer, Andrew Omer, Latham Osborn, Richard Prince, John Pigot Clerk, William Pott, William Pott junior, Richard Pettman, Charles Porter, Richard Pettman junior, William Pettman of Sandwich, William Pettman of flam, George Powell, Daniel Peake, William Peake, Thomas Waikinson Papier, John P/umptrce, 'Thomas Papiilon, James Petley, George Phillips, Edward Pilcher, John Roberts, Thomas Rammed, Charles Robinson, Peter Rainier, Peter Rainier M, D. John Spratt Rainier, Jennings Rutter, Jarvis Rose, William Henry Rolfs, Samuel Righton, Samuel Foart Simmons IV]. D. Thomas Sutton M. L). William Slaughter, Augustine Smithers, William Slaughter junior, George Solly, John Sampson, John Slaughter, Isaac Slaughter junior, Edward Slaughter, William Slaughter, junior, Thomas Slaughter, Samuel Silver, Captain George Super of Sandwich, George Sayer of Stonar, John Smith Clerk, Thomas Saxby, Stephen Saunders, Stephen Saunders the younger, William Super, John, Stevens, John Smith, George Strivens,

Jacob

No Act valid unless at a Meeting.

Majority prclent may ait, the whole Number not being left than live.

Chairman to be appointed, and to have the calling Vote.

Kleftion of new Trustees.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Jdcob Saw/:ins, Francis Small, Robert Small, William Scott, John Shrubfole, James Stock, George Stevens, John Spier, John Sackett, George Slater, Jeremiah Sackett, Thomas Staines, Daniel Swinford, Edward Taddy, James Taddy, Richard Toinfon, James Townley, John Toke, Nicholas Roundel Toke, Edward Taylor, John Tucker Clerk, David Taylor, John Tomlin of Weft Northdown, Robert Tomlin of Sandwich, Robert Tomlin of East Northdown, Richard Taitafell, Thomas Tambs, Henry Temple, Henry Towfon Clerk, Robert Underdown, James Underdown, Thomas JVarre, William Walion, John Winter, Thomas Wood, James Wood, Henry Woodcock, William Woodcock, Edward Woodcock, Henry Woodcock junior, James White, William Waller, John Wyborn, Thomas Woodruff, George Woodruff, Henry Woodruff, William Warman, Charles Warman, John Westbeach, Humphrey Wightwick, Thomas Wootton, Thomas Woodland, William Williams, Clerk, Sackett Wood, James Woodbridge, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for making, repairing, altering, widening, turning, and improving the Road from the North End of a certain small Piece of Road, inclosed with Railing on each Side, and lying on the North Side of Sandwich Bridge, to the respective Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the Lines before described 3 and for otherwise carrying the several Powers of this Act into Execution.

j II; And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at feme Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them, who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (the Number of such Trustees present at such Meeting not being less than Five) and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the said Trustees present at such their several Meetings, Avail have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all the said Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or Calling Vote.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Disability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Succcf-iors, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time, so elect and appoint one other Person to be a Trustee in the room of each Trustee so dying, or refuting, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall, by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, be inserted in some Newspaper or Newspapers publiAied in the said City of Canterbury; and if no Newspaper shall be published in the said City, then such Notice shall be inserted in one or more of the publick Newspapers printed and circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, and shall be 2 affixed

321

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be handing on the said Road, at leaf! Ten Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elc&ed anew Trustee as aforesaid, being qualified as herein-after mentioned,

shall be and he is hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whose room or head he shall have been so elected.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be-capa- Qualification ble of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall of Trusten. be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession

or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or be possessed of qr entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal together, of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, nor shall any such Person be capable of acting in the

Execution of this Act (save and except in taking and administering the Oath following to the other Trustees) until he (not being such Heir apparent as aforesaid) shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I truly and bond fide am, in my own Right Oath.

* X [or, in Right of my Wife, as the Case maybe] in the actual Possemon *. or Enjoyment of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear ‘ yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or possessed. of or entitled to a Personal

* Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Amount or

‘ Value of Eight hundred Pounds. ‘ So help me GOD.*

And if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Efioign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Per. All Act of son or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Trustees not Ad, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being qualified, if convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be Con'iaiolr as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been 1 ’ qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons Victuallers, who shall keep any Vidualiing House or other House of publick Enter. incapable tainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous, or c a '"’fa other Strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee,

or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and VLtc. & Per.] 4M made

3*2 f47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

made payable, and to be collected on the said Road, during Inch Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouie, or other House ol publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person ilia'l be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be uudei any such Incapacity.

Trusteej may

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are aa as Justices or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Juris-interested dictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at fU ' Guildhall of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the said County of Kent, on the Second Juefday after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and One in the Afternoon; and in case none of the said Trustees shall attend at such Meeting, then such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day (Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fait Days by Proclamation, only excepted, and then to the next Day) and so toties quoties, until a sufficient Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to act in the Execution of this Act, or until a Trustee or Trustees shall attend so as to adjourn such Meeting; and the said Trustees shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act info Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there, or at such other Place near to any Part or Parts of the said Road, and at such Time as to them shall feeni (proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Thirty Days then follow’-ing, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause publick Notice thereof to be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aiore-Trofleesto said, and to be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be

own Warding on the kiid Road, at least Ten Days before the Day to which

re3 pe " such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; and no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of any of the Poweis hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

Meetings on

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any

Emergencies Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be appointed on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting

in

Ihnft - ’ i *■ ' , if,

•47° GEORGII III. Cap. 12. 3

in Mftnner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall' be mentioned in ihe Order of the said Trustees, such Times not1 being less than Ten Days after such Notice; and all the Proceedings of the said 1 rustees at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case the said Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

Xi And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or No Order to Proceeding made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of thus Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless ;or;ty of at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, Three-specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be nude, be inserted fourths of the in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and be affixed on all j! concor' and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be Handing on the said Road, at ieaft Twenty-one Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority o(’Three-fourths of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause proccedjn,3 to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular to be entered. Entries to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings

relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their fever j1 Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees, and Creditors on the Tolls to be collected on the said Road,

shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

n-i a.goi

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may awd Trustee« to they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint appoint Of-a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Coliedors

of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as they the said

Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove such an (remove

Officers and Persons respectively as they shall see Occasion, and out of the

Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, for the maintaining and ^mnSall-

repairing of the said Road, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and ries.

Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required

to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer to

for the due Execution of his Office as they shall think proper; and all tehc"r‘ty

such Officers so to be appointed thall, under their Elands, at such Time Treasurer.

or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to Officers to

the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true1 account.

and perfect Accounts, in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed

to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall

32

Treasurer to account on Oath, if required.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for ilie Purposes ol (his Act, arid how much thereof hath been expended and dif-bunci!, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Monday in the Month of April yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them if approved of; and . all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath if required (which Oath any one of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the lame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees (or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same) within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by the said Trustees (by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer) all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall be or refuse, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to lime a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so refilling or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto; or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, so far as tht fame relates to the said Road, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the fame, as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaoi or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until lie shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money,

and

47° GEORGII III. Cap.,22.

and shall liavc paid such Composition in such Manner as,they flaall appoint (which Coiii the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writing, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always that no such Officer or other Person so committed for want of sufficiettt Distress, shall be confined or detained in Prisonby virtue of this Act, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months)

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Trustees, upon the Death, Neglect, Mif-behnviour, Refusal, or Incapability to act, of any Collector on the said Road of the Tolls hereby granted (whether such Collector shall be appointed by the said Trustees, or by any Person crPerfo'ns to whorii the said Totfs shall or may be let by virtue of the Authority herein-after for this Purpose given) to nominate and appoint some other fit Person in his or her Place until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Road, which Person so ter be nominated and appointed fhn.Il have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Peafon in whose Room or Stead he or she shall be so appointed; and that if arty Collector of the said Tolls, who shaft be dif:barged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall refule to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he or she enjoyed in right of his or her Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after Notice given to him or her or left at such Toll House, in Writing, under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any oth^r Person who shall be in Pplfession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Four'Days after such new . Appointment shall be made as afor.esaid, then and in either of the said Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County," City, or1 Place where frith Toll House shall Hand or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, With such AlTiftanee as fhriilbe necessary, to enter such Toll House arid Premises'in- the Day Time; and to remove the Persons' who shall be found therein^ together with th^ir Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the pew appointed Collector of the said Tolls in Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause to be erected such and so many Turnpikes, to secure the Tolls hereby granted, upon or across the said Road, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, as they shall think proper, and such and so many l oll Houses as they shall think proper, and shall and may, in Manner herein directed, purchase and take Land (not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre for each Toll House) sufficient for such Toll House or Toll. Houses, with neotlfary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinrie such TnrripikeS and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and shall and may cause to be demanded and taken at each of the said Turnpikes to be ejected-on that Part of the said Road which lies between ’Sandwich Bridge, and

[ Loc. y Per.] 4 N the

On the Death of a Gatekeeper, Tritf. ters may nominate another until next Meeting.

If discharged Gate-keeper refutes to deliver up the Houses, &c.

Trustees empowered to ere ft Turnpikes and Toll HouseSj and receive Tolls.

H& - 47° GEdk-GH in. Cap. 22.

tfic Canterbury Road aforesaid, the Tolls Following, before any Horse or other Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted topafs through the fame (that is to say),

For every Iloife, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Beast (where more than One) drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-Vis, Barouche, Chaise Marine, Calash, Hearse, Litter, Curricle, Chaise, Chair, Gigg, Whiskey, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For the Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast (where only One) drawing any such like Carriage as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beall (where more than One) drawing any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence: ,

For the Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast (where only One) drawing any such last-mentioned Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Ope Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number than a Score:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Swine, or Lambs, the Sum of T\yo Pence Halfpenny per Score} and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number than a Score.

nd that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at each of the said Turnpikes to be erefled on that Part of the said Road which lies between the Canterbury Road aforesaid and the respective Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

For evey Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any re, of whatsoever Name or Description, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Snm of One Penny.

For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-i pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any less Number than a

Score:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any less Number than a Score.

Toll, Veiled

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the said Tolls shall form in the Truf- one aggregate Fund, and shall be and they are hereby ycfled in the said t«s. Trustees; and a Table thereof respectively shall be put up and continued at each and every Gate, Turnpike, and Side Gate, where the fame respectively shall be payable; and it shall and may be lawful to and njp </£ a. ’ for

47<tG£ORGH III. Cap. 22. 327

For tlfo'several Persons who dull, by virtue of this Act, be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive such Tojls'; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the lame or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and dillrain, or cause to be seized and didrained, any Horse or Horses, or other Bealt or Cattle, chargeable with the said Tolls, and the Bridles, Saddles,

Hamelfes, or Accoutrements of such Horse or Horses, or other Beall or Beads, or any Part or Parte thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, and of detainining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Collector so seizing and distraining shall and riiay fell the Horse or Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, and the Bridles,

Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements so seized and didrained, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) uponl)einand, to the Owner or Own-ers thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for. didraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it er.acted. That if any Dispute shall In case of

happen about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping Difpme the and felling any Didrefs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Col- ^yl'd by a' lector, or Person didraining, to retain the Didrefs, or the Money arising 1

from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or Charges of didraining and felling the Didrefs, as the Case may be, shall be itfcer-

tained by some Justice of the 'Peace~-for the County,-City, ctr Plate wherein such Dispute (Kafl arise, who, upon Application made to> him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity ofj(ic Tolls due. and shall also assess the jCharges of such Didrefs asd Sale, and all ocher reasonable Cods; all which Sum or Sums To determined or assessed,' shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Didrefs, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

’ /, S/J'X :.'1 ! '. fot

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Turnpikes, the Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, with the Ground, &c. vfted-ju Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and of all tlle Trusta#: Miledones and Pods erected by virtue of this Act, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements which shall be provided for making and repairing the said Road by virtue of this Act, shall be veded in the said Trustees; and they are hereby empowered to cause any Actions to be brought, and any Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall deal, break down, take away, injure, or lpoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses or other Buildings, Fences, Miledones,

Pods, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements as aforesaid; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be and be deemed to be sufficient to date generally that the Turnpike, Toll House, Building, Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of The Trustees for repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the Town if Sandwich to the respective Towns of Margate and Ramsgate in the County of Kent, without particularly

mentioning

323 47°. GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

hientioning or specifying the Name or Name* of all or any of the said Trustees. -

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than one Toll in any one Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse or other Bead, Cattle, or Carriage patling and repassing through the fame or any other Gate or Ttirnpike on the said Road, between Sandwich Bridge and the Canterbury Road aforesaid, or between the said Canterbury Road and the respective Towns of Margate and Ramsgate; all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said respective Toll has been paid in that Day on such Part of the said Road; which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll.

Penalties on

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Farmer, Renter, or Collectors Collector of any of the said Tolls, shall demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, from any Person or Persons, any Tolls not TolL than hereby authorized to be taken, or a greater or less Toll than so authorized, allowed. such Farmer or Renter shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and every such Cdlledor not being the Farmer or Renter, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

T°'n w°fce°f

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or competent^ Litigation shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, or Wirac.Tcs. any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

Penalty on XXL And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said

the *xoils, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give. Offer, or d ifofe of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Road, near unto any Turnpike to be erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands with any Horse or other BeaR or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, through or over any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage) or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near to afny of the said Turn-- pikes, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Toils, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending > i in

Tolls to be taken but Once a Day.

I

cr

to

tot

a

b

or

>cr ,cr the luth «it‘

■M

at?

Ij of foils

rh C 'Jet jl*

lasls

jibs-

47* GEOPvGIl III.* Cap. 22. 329

in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Oaetice forfeit and pay any Rum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof Drill go to the Informer, and thawtier Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll Dial! he demanded or General Ex-taken at any Gate or Gates to be erected on the said Read, for any emptions. Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day,

Stone, Brick, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Tmvnships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or undried Hops, Green Clover for foiling Cattle, Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, or Wool not fold or dispol'ed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage which shall crols the said Road only, or shall not pals more than One hundred Yards thereon, or for any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry only; or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Comport or Manures,

(except Lime and Chalk) employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pailure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed orfarried; or from any Person going to or returning from any Church,

Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day 011 which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from virtting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse,

Beast, or Cattle carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Kr.ight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Kent, or of a Baron or Barons,

Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Sandwich or any other of the Cinque Ports, or any City or Place in the said County of Kent, on the Day or Days of such Elsftior., or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days'of Exercise, provided always that such Person is in the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and \Loc. fs5 Per[ 4 0 Accoutrements

33°

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Accoutrements according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps, at the Time of claiming the Exemption; and if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in all Cafes the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same.

Trustee« may

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may v an' Public to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered

Meeting I"5 C at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be Handing on the said Road, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them ffia'll feetn fit and convenient, for and during such and after- Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards at wards ad- any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they ranee them shall fee Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced a°am 8 to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament provided no now 8n force and efleft with respect to Overweights: Provided never-Reduction be theless, that when the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the made without said Tolls shall not have been paid and discharged, such Tolls shall not of\>editon leffene^ or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled ° ‘ to Five-sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said Tolls.

Tolls may be

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to let. ' and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting, upon Ten Days Notice being given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be standing on the said Road, to let or farm the said Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Port or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame; provided that the Leases, Contrafts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by the said Trustees; but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time, and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid so the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so that one Quarterly Payment of such Rent shall always be in advance, cr sufficient Security given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in default thereof, every such Lease, Contrail, or Agreement shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LelPes of

XXV. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Tolls may said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in so-fs'to r<.Per' farm l9 any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to ceive the and for the Lessee or Leffces, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other fame ' Persons as he or they shall, by Writ’ng or Writings under his or their

Hand

47° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 21. 331

Hand or Hands, authorize cr appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, deunfed, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents;, and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Toll?, appointed by the said Trustees, is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, so demanding and taking the said Tolls, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions,*as any Collector of the said Tolls, appointed by the said Trustees, is subject or liable to.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Trustees may to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound with corn Pound' any Person or Persons for any Period of Time not exceeding one Year;

for any Horses, Beads, Cattle, or Carriages passing on the said Road or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Beads, Cattle, or Carriages passing and repairing on the said Road, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in advance one Quarter or otherwiseas the said Trustees shall appoint; and in Default thereof, every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVII. And for the more speedy raising Money for the Purposes Trustees may of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, be it further r?rTC V enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trudeer, '

and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Intered such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum ol Nine thousand Pounds as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, and by W riting under their Hands and Seals to assign over or mortgage the Tolls herein-before granted, or any Part thereof (the Charges of such Aiugn.nents and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act as a Security for the Repayment oi such Sum or Sums of Money, with Intered for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Intered to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling rloufe of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Alignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following.

‘ DY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty seventh Year Form of ‘ *of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title Mortgage.

‘ of this Act] We whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed 4 (being Trustees acting in "Execution of the said Act) in Consideration ‘ of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Road

‘ in Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise 4 unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

such Proportion of the Tolls collected at the several Turnpike Gates 4 erected on the Road to be amended, widened, and repaired, by virtue 4 of the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall

bear so the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced, and due and 4 owing on the Credit of the said Tolls: To be had and holden from 4 this Day of the Year of our Lord

Copies of the Mortgages to be entered.

Transfer of Mortgages.

Form of Assignment of Mortgage.

Notice of Transfer to be given to the Clerk.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. at.

* for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest after the

‘ Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner

‘ repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals, th.is

« Day of in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and such Book or Bocks shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time align and transfer the fame Security or Securities, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

* Executors, Administrators and Aligns, by virtue

‘ of a Mortgage or Alignment, bearing Date the Day of

‘ under the Hands and Seals of of the

< Trustees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty c seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [ set forth e the Title of this Aff] upon the Credit of the said Act, Do hereby transfer all my Plight and t itle in and to the fame, and all the Principal

< and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto C.D. of

t Executors, Administrators, and Aligns. Dated this

e Day of in the Year or our Lord

‘ Witness E. F.’

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Alignments, and for which Entry the Clerk or Clerks who shall enter the same shall be paid One Shilling and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Alignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Alignments; and such Afignees may, in like manner, again align or transfer the fame, and so toties qmiiei, causing such Alignments, and every

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

every of them, to be entered or inrolled by the Clerk in Manner aforesaid.

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as alorefuid, signifying the Intention ci borrowing such Money.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, 1'hat it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Road to be amended, widened, and repaired by this Act, and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Common or Wade Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Ground', or Hereditaments, fird making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may sustain thereby, and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trudets, or for their Clerk or Clerks, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons intereded in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and mav, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose j and after the said Lands or Grounds shall befo drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a Public and Common Highway, and to be Part of the Road to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Road as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bell Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace, for the said County of Knit, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Hul-bands andall other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants,

[Leo. y Per.J 4 r Femes

333

Notice to be given previous y to borrowing Money.

Trustees may contra^ for the Purchase of Lands to be taken into the Road, and may turn or alter the Course of a\rf Part of the Road.

Corporation*, ike. empowered to treat.

3,34 47° CS E ORGII III. Cab. 22.

Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunatics, er other Persons under any Disabil'ity of acting for themselves, and for all and every I’crson or Persons v. ho are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the Laid Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Iniereil therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purpose aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law., Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Tenants for Life, or in Fee Fail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Coporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

In case of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Person* net Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, 1 ene-

the SaCof' ments, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees strall judge necessary

such Lands cr proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, aJurytofet- so far as the fame relates to the said Road, or any such Body Politick, tleRecom- Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for' Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffee, Guardian, Husband, Committee, or other Trustee, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, shall, by the Space of Twenty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refufie to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Kent (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road; and in order thereto, the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time to summon and call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall bethought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer); and the said Trustees shall order and cause the said J ury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and ftpcompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands,

Grounds,

47° GEORG 11 II!. Cap. 22.

Grounds, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, accord- Verdict of ing to the Verdft, or Inquituion of the said Jury; which said Verdict, to

or Inquisition and Judgement, Order, or Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against: all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments,shall thereby be from thenceforth,'to allintents and Purposes, divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Inured or Property, cf, into, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so affdfed, to the respective Persons entitled thereto or their Agents, or upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in Manner by this At! directed, it shall and may bejawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises, in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to done thereto, as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue cut their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Five or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Kent, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff'to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriff or his Deputy is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Delault cf a fuss cient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned lo attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XXXII. Provided always, That all Persons concerned shall have their Jury may fee lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in purfu- c,llllcn5etl-ance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending In any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, is or shall be by Law entitled to.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Sheriff, &c. and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy who shall make De- oLDufy! fault in the Premises; and also on any of the Persons w ho shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be fuom on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein; and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, relufing to be sworn or to be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed the Sum cl five Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence.

33& 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Owner of the

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thai wherever the Oourse ahednrfethi’ of a'*y Part of the said Road shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road Road to have opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, ihe Offer of the Pur-the firftOffer chafe of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining of the old Land as shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road;

Road. and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such

old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees ‘or the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall dill be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall rchafe to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender o( the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His MajestyV Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, not imereited in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master Extra-01 dinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such old Road shall lie, (taring that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be; and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if such Owner shall be willing and consentto take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person, by entering the (ante in their Books, and delivering to him a Copy thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit at Law or Equity.

tty whom the

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall Expences of give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall, by the Jury to be 0r"on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Pa; chafe Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then nd in every such Case the Coffs and Charges of summoning and main-• taining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Money received by them by virtue or this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall, by or on Behalf or the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satis-Taction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such oid Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Coffs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the 13 ’ Person

337

I

"h

ft

:U

4

ta

ttt.

Ui

)cn$

d

u

efa

sad

• the jav

v‘i5d

iU

sail

■than

efeid i ihffi

nui»*

s

Blip

id#

ibeit-

i>iS

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have fdchCcntroversy or Dispute, which said Coils and Expences shall be a'certained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in queilion, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame) and such Coils and Expences shall and may be deducted out of the Money so aifeifed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so aifeifed and adjudged; or otherwise such Coils and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, person3 ab-that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, sent, Trustee* have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Coils and charged with Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid. the ' >Pences

XXXVI. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Houses, &c. tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said not to beia-Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other jurcd Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, save and except a Bullock Yard, Lodge, and Buildings in the Parish of Ster.ar, belonging to and in the Occupation of George John Piercy Leith; an Orchard and Garden at Cliffs End, in the Parish of Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, belonging to and in the Occupation of Matthew Terry; a Cottage at Cliffs End aforesaid, belonging to 7ohn Cooper, in the Occupation of James Petley; the Frontsteads and Gardens of Two Cottages at Cliffs End aforesaid, belonging to James Petley, in the Occupations of William Epps and John Pantry.

XXX vn. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased taken or used by virtue of this Act, which when exceed-shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any ing 200I. Feoffee in Trail, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic,

Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trail, or to any Person whose Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity, whatsoever such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred: Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, or any Five or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled so the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Pax, or the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affect-ILot. fcf Per.'] 4 Q. inS

33& 47° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

ing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting ether Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money Hull not be fi» applied, then the same shall be laid out and invelted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the 1 iine of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined or capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application where the Comp^n-fation is less than 200I and exceed* aoL

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments purchased taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any such Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, iii case of infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing* under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees for executing this Act, Or any five or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, arid tfid Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to cbtaiu the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery,

Application XX

XIX. Provided also, and be it cnaftdd. That whdre such Money so ■v.-so-e th agreed or awarded to be paid as next beforementioned, shall be less than iLn' iIiSICfS twenty Pounds,then and iri all such Cases the same shall be applied to the " "■ ’ life of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been end.-

tied

339

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2:.

tied to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so pm chafed, taken, or used, as aforesaid, in fitch Manner as the said Trudee$, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to gnd for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In case ot not Whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of f^ing °iit any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of 1 ‘ ’

this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good I i;le to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such or if Persons Sunt or Sums of Money shall befo awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, cannot be or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- ^afe Mone taments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall to be paidCy and may be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to into the tfrJtr the said Sum or Sums so av\arced to le paid into the;

Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancer)’, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them\ subject to the Order, Controul, subje<3 to the and Dispofuion of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court on the Order of the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums Qianc"^ of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion cr Petition, shall be and is here- on Motion or by empowered in a summaty Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the P$ition-fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inVePed in the Publick Funds, and to order Distributioff thereof or Paymenrbf the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or FflateS, ‘

Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and r -,-J

to make such other Order :n the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and-the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Er.gtand, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money mentioning and specifying for what and for whose UJ'e the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any where any Question shall arise touching the T itle of any Person to any Money to be Question shall paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the ai‘fe touch-Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, to^Money11® for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any be paid, the hftate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Person who to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be m

purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of ar.y the Lands ° such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in kc. at the Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time Timeoftuch of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed dmm-d en-and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such i ands, Tenements, titled thereto or Hereditaments, according to such Posserfion, until the contrary shall according to be shew n to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Pcfie-1’

Dividends '

34°

The Court of Chancer)’, may order reasonable E<t-per.ces of Pure'.nfesto be paid by the Trustees

Tor getting Materials to repair the Road.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

pi vie!ends or Intereil of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with fitch Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Posselliqn was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, cr to some Estate or Inteitil therein.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitl d to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uies in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Read, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River, Brook, or Pit, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in which any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, DiAriel, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, 'the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or floping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, nay by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be njade at some Meeting of the Trustees, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Road shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and interests in such Ground, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 221

of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug. gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in WTting being gfven by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons ailing under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing such Road, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace ailing for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustjbes or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall negl'e£l or refuse to appear, by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees cr such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whofb-ever, shall take away any Gravel or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Ol der of the said Surveyor, or Surveyors in any Lands, Fields, Waste, or Grounds, River, or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Road, or any Part or Part; thereof, or shad get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the faiu Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private G round, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so otrending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and t«s and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint, by Older of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditcaes through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Road, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge uecessary and proper f or amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Road; and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (not being a Garden, [Loc. & Per.] 4 R Orchard,

341

Notice to be

Sven to the ccupiers of Lands before Materials are to be taken for repairing Roads;

Penalty on taking away Materials,

& c got by Order of the Surveyor.

Surveyors to make Lrains« &e.

34-2

making reasonable Satisfaction.

In case of any-Difference, Justices of the Peace in Sessions to determine the same.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Orchard, Parle, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House) to be made use of as a publick Highway wail ft the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are widening or repairing, and until the fame dial I be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into which anyfuchDrain flrallbecut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as flia.II be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees touching such Damage, then and in such Case the Justices of the Peace, at the First General or Quarter vessions of the Peace, to be holden for the Eastern Division of the said County of Kent, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

Surveyors

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to may remove and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he Annoyances. or app0irLt (by Direction r.n I under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Rails, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Polls, or otherwise, and to turn or flop any Watercourse, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Road: and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bushes growing in any Part of the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refilling or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not upon Demand pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Road to be measured, and Mile-stones and Guide Posts to be erected. Penalty on damaging Milettones, etc.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Road to be measured, and Mileflones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Diltance of One Mile from each other, with In-feriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be eroded Guide Posts upon such Parts of the said Road where the fame is eroded or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall jyilfully break, throw down; injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface an)' Table

7 of

of Tolls, Milestone, or Post erected on any Parts of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks ini'eribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls, on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, every futh Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Table of Tolls, Stone, Post,

Parapet Wall, and Arch lo broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall he so obliterated or defaced, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty for wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or ether-wife damage, ft1"1*’"? or shall ride on, or drive or lead any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage over et°° or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Parts of the said Road; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage, shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over, or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead dr airing any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing, which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of ! imber, or any Stone (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages) or shal suffer any Tart of any Tree or Piece of Timber, or Stone, which drill be carried upon a wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to t’.e Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road, shall suffer the dune to root up or damage the said Road or any P rt thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Bankings, or Copfc on either Side thereof ,; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or suffer any Cattle, Sheep dr Bcaft, to be and remain loose on the said Road; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Read, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the said Road; or if any Person so .11 in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him, her, or them upon the said Road, or the Coach, ChtSife,

Waggdn, Cart, or other Carriage under his, her, or their Care; or if any Person foal! make or assist in making any fore or Fires whatsoever, or shall fot Fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Uoad. or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry (without some reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice of the Peace before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed, in order to his or herConviction, and save and except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and standing as near to the Side of the said Road a^ conveniently niay be) in, upon, or on the Side of the Arid Road, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or if any Person shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw,

Lime,

344 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance, Inconvenience, or Prejudice of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Penalty on L* And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, obstrufiting interrupt, or hinder, or cause to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindeied, any the Execution Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person of this Act. or persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees employed in

the Execution of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Persons liable

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to repair the Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, and the Inhabitants thereof, Bodies Roadsto con- Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, who before the making of this Act, mine so. hath or have ui'ed, or of right ought, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or on any other Account or Accounts, to repair any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridge, Drain, or Water-course in or upon the fame, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be subject and liable to such Repairs, in the same Manner as they and every of them have or hath heretofore usually been, or would have been, in case this Act had not been made.

Persons LIT. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law

chargeable to are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amend-Statute VWk ing the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any ,-0 Part thereof, shall {till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore;

Justices to and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the determine Peace for the said County of Kent, and they are hereby required and etn-Differences powered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their i°t*e Work W" Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Compoluion for such Statute Work as afore!, id, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Tre.ifurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and maybe lawful to and for such justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Juf-tiees, at feme Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Panin or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of cr as a-Composition for such Statute Work, diflmguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or other wise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as i- or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and lb many of the Persons* who shall

appear

345

I

e

k

110 »• Bl

R

y

LII

ei

ire;

the

•a-

«ir

ihat

itbe

lift

iby

IlCf

if be ro* lift

thi

V

Dip

fork

fi

ti

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

appear to W subject aiv.l liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such tv umber of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the lain Justices shall Ur ink reasonab!e,ar.d the fatnedhall be done on lucti Days and at such Times (not,being Hay-time or Hatred) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors* dial) from Tune to Tune order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may. ado order and direct the Persons, who by such Lilts shall appear to be subjeel and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; anti in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Did refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Wo^k as aforesaid;, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lad or ufuat Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said 'l rudees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default ol ary La* bourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Hories, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Pew fons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person fending such Labourer, Team, or Draught, shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on an) Parts of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes cr Places,-shall refuse or wilfully negkdt to give in such Lifts as aforesaid or shall knowingly or wilfully g ve in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof; and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Pari fees or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road, which Companion Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees in advance, on or be-[Loe. Ss3 Per. J 4 S fore

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

Offences.

346 - 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

fore the Tenth Day of M.iy in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Power to

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subscribed

compel Pay- to ,ay any Money towards making and repairing the said Road, shall, ment of Sub- ,r,' J , 1 . . . h , r o.

scriptions. and ana they is and are hereby required to pay his, her, and

their Subscription Money to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, at such

Time or Times as shall be appointed by the said Trustees; and if any such Subscriber shall neglect or refute to pay such Money as aforesaid, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to sue for and recover

the fame, by Action at Law, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record

at Westminster. A

Power to

LV. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be Collectors to transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other known Per- Officers under this Act, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may tons guilty of be lawful to and "for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers fespectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing. . j

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall, in the first Place, be paid and defrayed out of any Sum or Sums of Money subscribed for the Purposes of this Act or out of the Tolls collected on the said Road by virtue of this Act, or out of the first Money borrowed on the Credit,thereof by the said Trustees, or out of any other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, by virtue or for the Purposes of 'this Act; and the Remainder of the Money so raised shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of this Act, and the Interest thereof, and in carrying this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, into Execution: Provided nevertheless, that the Interest of the Monies borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, shall in the fij-ft Place from Time to Time, be duly and regularly paid, as the same shall become due and payable, out of thef Tolls collected on the said Road by virtue of this Act, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose whatever.

LVU. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Acts, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any one of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the'laid Trustees, and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought, nor by the Act of such Person or Persons, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act j but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Colts or Expences on account

thereof,

Application of Money.

AOions to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerk, or of Trustees;

who are not to be liable to the Payment of Colts.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, collected or received by the said Trustees.

347

LVlil. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Reeorery by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and tjes recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any J aft ice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confection of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer); and the Overplus^ any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act, so far as such Purposes relate to the said Road; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Town, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Conviction Fo of of all Offenders against this Act, as far as the fame relates to the said ConviAien. Road, all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following:

Day of

* J pE it remembered, That on the

‘ to wit. j in the Year of our Lord

« and in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty

< A.B. is convicted before me [or, us]

‘ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

‘ by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-seventh 1 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled ‘ [here set forth the Title cf this Act, and specify the Offence, and the Time

* and Place when and where the fame was committed. J Given under my [or ‘ our] Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.’

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County or Place vfithin which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, next after the Expiration

Appeal.

248 4:/« GEORGII III. Cab. 22.

1 caj

ration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of ApP shall have arift n, the ' erson or Persons appealing having first given T*® Days Notice at least, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appea* and oft he Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Truifees and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Colls as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices in such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to aUard such Colls to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they shall judge pto-■per; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further SatisfadHch to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judg« reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Jduices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Distress not to be unlawful for want of Form.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, (o far as the fame relates to the said Road, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Tref-palfer or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; rtor shall the Party or Parties dillraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespafitrs, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction lor the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

noTt^he"85

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, (juashed for Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the

want of Form Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

"ot

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs after Tender shall recover in any Action to be commenced again!! any Person or Per-of Amends, fons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it

349

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think lit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaindff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law,

LXV. And whereas it is expedient, that for and during the Continuance of this Act, the several Sums of Money that may be demanded and taken for Pontage, or in the Name of a Toll or Duty, by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven, between the Town of Sandwich and the oppof.te Shore, in the County of Kent, should not be demanded and taken; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as declares that it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the Town of Sandwich, and their Successors, or for such Person or Persons as they or their Successors should from Time to Time appoint, at ail Times after building, fmishing, and opening the said Bridge, to ask, demand, receive, recover, and take, to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, in respect of their Charges and Expences in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the said Bridge, for Pontage, or in the Name of a Toll or Duty, the several Sums therein mentioned, before any Passage over the said Bridge should be permitted to any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Vehicle, or any Waggon, Wain, Dray Car, Carr, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or other Bead, or any Wheat, Barley, Beans, Malt, Corn, Seeds, Meal, Flour, or other Grain, Pack of Wool, Bag or Pocket of Hops, or Foot Passenger, shall, from and after, the Second Tuesday after the passing of this Act, for and during the Continuance of this Act, be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That instead or in lieu of such Pontage, or Toll or Duty, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor ILoc.&Per.l 4T Jurats

Limitation of Aft ions.

For repealing certain Parts of Act aSG.2.for building Sandwich Bridge.

Tolls to be taken in lieu thereof.

330

Toll* at Sandwich Bridge to be collected butonce a Day.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Jurats, and Commonalty, and their Successors, from and after the Second Tiufday after the passing of this Act:, for and during the Continuance of this Act, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, for Pontage, or in the Name of a Toll or Duty, before any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass over the said Bridge, the several Sums of Money following (.that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beall (where more than One) drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-Vis, Barouche, Hearse, Litter, Chaise Marine, Calalh, Curricle, Chaise, Chair, Gigg, Whiskey, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For the Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beall (where only One) drawing any such like Carriage as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beall (where more than One) drawing any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Dray, Cart or other such Carnage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For the Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beall (where only One) drawing any such last-mentioned Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen (and not drawing) the Sum of One Penny:

For every Afs, laden or unladen (and not drawing) the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number than a

Score:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Two-Pence Halfpenny per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number than a Score:

And such Pontage, Toll, or Duty, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be vested in the said Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and their Succedors, and the same shall and may be demanded, taken, levied and recovered by such Ways and Means, and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like Manner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, or such of them as are or shall be fulfilling during the Continuance of this Act, as the Pontage, Toll, or Duty directed to be demanded and taken, by virtue of the said recited Act, might, could or ought to be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in case this Act had not been made.

LXVII. Provided never the!-EgThat nothing herein or in the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the Collector of the said Pontage, Toll, or Duty hereby made payable at the said Bridge, to demand and take any more than one Toll in any one Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the fame Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage passing and repafiing over the said Bridge, all and every such Person and Persons producing a. Ticket denoting that the said Toll had been paid on that Day,

9 which

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 351

which Ticket the said Cnllefter is hereby required to delivef gratis on the Pavmcrit of such Toll.

*■1 yts}\ALl&f.nbnQi: tnj} $<( M V.'-S - Y .->»■ d *•>* .-.A t>ilj S»

fcX^HI. And be it further enacted, That no Pontage, Toll, of Duty General Exb shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, emptions. passing or repalling over the said Bridge, of whatever Description, employed. or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll-mailer General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails of Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Beall, Cattle,or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished for or by any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volenteer Cavalary, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Person is in the Uniform of his Corps, and has Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horse,

Cattle, Beall, or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Palfes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, Baron or Barons, to serve in Parliament for the County of Kent, or the Town and Port of Sandwich, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and For extending all and every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provisions, Exemp-tions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained °othi5\&’ (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or re- fourai pealed) shall be as good, valid, and eft’eftual for carrying this Act into relates to Execution, so far as this Act relates to the said Bridge, as if the fame Sandwich had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act. r' ge'

r,

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- The former mined,shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, so as to prevent or fellrain Trjdge Toll* from’and after the Expiration of this \ft, the said Mayor, Jurats, and after tl.eEx-Commorialty, from again demanding and taking, or cuufing to be de- piration of manded and taken, the like Pontage, Toll, or Duty, 'lolls or Duties, this Act. as they are by the said recited Act enabled and empowered to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken.

[Publick Act.]

LXXI. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shal be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Jullioes, and others, without being specially pleaded.

352

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

icoLttjm.i

'rjfcrrol Mj I

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this AQl shall commence and take place on the Second Tuesday after the passing thereof, and shall be in force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ITU*;'-' o: Ip! fOLII i. K

h ;: xt "fcV ‘ s* Vri

s. v. . . > s*p e>

r- -1 j J 1 gkii 13 . --lA ifn.: ir

' - - 1 '

A * f: Ui.

■ .■ . n- t’1 ’•

'• {ftr :<s 3 -

' ‘ 7 -

y ,!; '.1- i '»pi?

' <• ' '

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*-*:|t*iMMrtW*i|e JO*

Cap. 23.

An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk \ and for the better making and repairing the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County.

[25^6 ^>n7 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Eighth Year of his pres nt

Majesty's Reign, intituled, tl An Act for repairing several Roads 8 Geo. 3. tl leading through the County of Selkirkthe Persons therein named C*P- 59-and described were appointed Trustees for making and repairing, and keeping in Repair the High Roads leading from a Place called Hare-moss, on the Confines of the County of Roxburgh, to the Town of Selkirk, in the County of Selkirk, and from thence by the Bridge over ‘Tweed, at bairnilee to Corjlieburn, on the Confines of the County of Midlothian, and from thence by Torwoodlce, to the Town of Gallejhiells, in the said County of Selkirk; and also the Road leading from the said Bridge at Faimilee, along the North Side of the River Tweed, by Ho'.ylee, in the said County of Selkirk, to the Confines of the County of Peebles; and sundry Powers were by the said Act given to the said Trustees for levying Toll Duties, and borrowing Money on the Credit thereof, and for other Purposes: And whereas by another Act passed in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act , Geo. 3. " for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Eighth cap. 60.

" Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for re-" pairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk," the Tetm of the Act first abovementioned was enlarg'd, and cert.in other Powers were granted to the Tiultees thereby appointed, for the better making and repairing the aforesaid Roads: And whereas the Trustees appointed determined by, and afling under the Authority of the said Acts, have pro-[Loe. & Per.] 4 U cceded

354

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

ceeded in the Execution thereof, and great Progress has been made in making and repairing the several Roads therein described, and certain Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorised to be levied, and are dill owing, but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, and the said Money repaid, unless farther and other Powers are granted for the said Pur-poi'e: And whereas it is expedient that certain other Roads in the said County, which are in bad Repair, should be made and repaired; that is to say, the Road from the Burgh of Selkirk, to the Confines of the County of Roxburgh, at or near a Place called Bridgelands, and from the said Burgh of Selkirk, to the Confines of the said County of Roxburgh, at or near a Place called Whitmuir, and also the Road from a Place called Blakeuphaugh, in the County of Selkirk, along the North Side of the River Tweed, by Cadonlee, to Cadcnlee Cliffs, and also the Road from the Confines of the Counrv of Peebles, by Whiiebanklee and Torwoodlee, in the County of Selkirk, to Galawater, near Buckhohne, in the County of Roxburgh: And whereas it would be convenient and expedient, if the making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the whole of the aforesaid Roads, in the County of Selkirk, were committed to the Charge of the fame Trullees, and suitable Powers granted as ro the whole by Act of Parliament, and that the said recited Acts should therefore be repealed: Former Acts May it therefore please your Majesty, fnat it may be enacted, and repealed. be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 1 cmporal, and Commons,-in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Eighth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, shall, from and after the bird Meeting of the Trustees, held in pursuance of this preicnt Act, be, and the lame are hereby repealed.

Without Prejudice to Creditors.

arustees.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, Thar the Securities granted to any Person or Persons for Monty borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorised to be levied by the said recited Acts, and dill owing, shall not be prejudiced by the Repeal thereof, bur the said Securities shall attach upon the Tolls authorised determined by this Act to be levied upon the several Roads subjected by the said Securities, and Tolls shall accordingly be levied thereupon until the Sums of Money owing are repaid.

III. And be it enacted, That.from and after the pa fling of this Act, and during the Continuance of the fame, the Right Honourable Charles Montagu Scott, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith-, the Honourable Stewart, commonly called Lord Linton-, the Honourab! z Alexander Murray, elded Son of the Lord Elibank; the Honourable William Napier, tided Son of the Lord Napier; the Honourable Gilbert Elliot, elded Son of the Lord Minto -, Sir James Pringle of Stitchel, B.ironec; Robert Prinvle, Younger, of Stitcbel-, Sir James Hay of Haystone, Baronet; John Hay, Y ounger, of Iiaystone; John Scott of Gala; James Raymond John/, on or diva-, John John/lon, Younger, of Alva -, Mark Pringle ol Clifton; John Pringle, Younger, of Clifton-, James Pringle of Tor woo Bee; James Pringle, Younger, of Torwoodlee \ Robert Hay of Drummelzier; Alexander Hay, Younger, of Drummelzier; Alexander Pringle of Whitebank-, Alexander Pringle, Younger, of Whitebank; Walter Williamson of Cardrona; r'trjh Stett of Harden -, Henry Scott, Younger, of Ha den -, John Murray of

Philip-

355

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Philiphaugh-, Gilbert Innes of Slow, John Rutherfurd of Edgerflone; William Elliot Lockhart of Bortbwickbrae 5 John Elliot Lockhart, Younger, of Bortbwickbrae; John Corse Scott of Simon-, John Corse Scott, Younger, of Sinton-, George Pott of Todridge; Janies Mercer of Scotjbank \ Robert Mercer, Younger, of Scot/bank; James Ruffe ll of Athiejieel -, Adam Ogilvie of Hartwoodmyres •, Henry Ogilvie, Younger, of Hartwoodmyres -, Andrew Henderj'on of Midgehope; James Chijholme of Chijholme -, Alexander Robertson of Ettrickhouse -, Charles Scott of How-cleugh; Walter Scott, Younger, of Howclugh; Mark Watt of Rowland-, John Watt, Younger, of Rowland-, Thomas Macmillan of Shorthope-, Thomas Macmillan, Younger, of Shorthope -, James Ballantyne of Hololee-, Walter Laidlaw of Hyndhope-, Alexander Laidlaw, Younger, of Hynd-hope-, John Kirton Anderson of Tujhielaw Robert Ballantyne of Pha-hope; Adam Stewart of Hofecoat -, Thomas Stewart, Younger, of Hose-coat; James Forrejl of Comifton; John Boyd of Broadmeadows; Archibald Boyd, Younger, of Broadmeadows 5 Thomas Currie of Rrownmuir -, Henry Rutherfurd of Redford Green, and the eldest Baillie of the Burgh of Selkirk for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, making, repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Selkirk hereinafter mentioned, and the Bridges upon the fame, that is to say, the Road leading from a Place called ILaremofs, on the Confines of the County of Roxburgh, by and through the Town of Selkirk to the Bridge over the River Tweed at Fairnilee, and to Corjlieburn, on the Confines of the County of Midlothian; and from thence by Torwoodlee to the Town olGallafhiels, in the said County of Selkirk-, and also the Road leading from the said Bridge at Fairnilee, along the North Side of the River Iweed by Ilolylee, in the said County of Se.kirk, to the Confines of the County of Peebles; and also the Road from the Burgh of Selkirk to the Confines of the County of Roxburgh, at or near a Place called Rridgelands; and from the said Burgh of Selkirk to the Confines of the said County of Roxburgh, at or near a Place called Whitmuir; and also the Road from a Place called Blakeupbaugh, in the said County of Selkirk, along the North Side of the River Tweed, by Cadonlee, to Cadonlee Cliffs -, and also the Road from the Confines of the Cour.ty of Peebles, by Whitebanklee and Torwoodlee, in the said County of Selkirk to Galawater, near a Place called Buckbolme, on the Confisies of the County of Roxburgh-, and for putting in Execution all the other Powers by this Act given and granted.

IV. And be it enacted, That when and as often as it shall appear necessary and expedient to the said Trustees hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for them, or any Three or more of them trom Time to Time to elect, and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons, to be a Trustee or Trustees, provided that public Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting of the said Trustees, for every i’uch Election, be given by Two several Adverufements, in some Newspaper published at Edinburgh, the First of such Advertisements being inferred at least Fourteen Days, before the Day appointed for Election of the New Trustee or Trustees; and every Person who shall be io appointed, shall and may act with the Trustees appointed by this Act, as if he had been hereby named and appointed a Trustee.

Power to elect new Trustees.

3 56

Qualification ot Trustees.

Turnpike Gates to be cortir.tn d and erected.

P ates of th; Tolls.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be qua,.'-fied, or capable of acting as a Trustee in any Case, in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be infeft in, and possessed in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, of the Property of Lands or Heritages, valued in the Tax Roll of the County of Selkirk, at Two Hundred Pounds Scots per Annum, or upwards, except the Heirs Apparent of Persons who are infeft if. Lands of the Value aforesaid, and the elded Baillie of the Burgh of Selkirk, for the Time being, and if any Person who shall be deemed unqualified, or made incapabie to act for the causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true Meaning and Intent of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum ot Twenty Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Process, to be recovered by iummary Complaint, at the Suit of any Heritor of the said County of Selkirk, before the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Sublticute of the said County, from whole Decifiun there shall be no Appeal; and the Penalties recovered shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to continue the Turnpike Gates already erected upon any of the Roads before described, and to ered, or cause to be erected Turnpike Gates, upon oracross any of the said Roads, and upon or across any Way or Lane leading into the fame, together with Houses necessary for the Accommodation of the Colls dors of the Tolls, at each of the said Gates, and to col eft, levy, and take at each of the Gates so ereffed and continued, or to be erected, the Rates and Duties following that is to say,

For every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Berlin, Hearse, or other such Carriage, it drawn by Six or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Stei ling; and if drawn by Five or Four Horles or Bealts of Draught, the Sum of Tw Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and if drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and if drawn by One Horse or Beall of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, if drawn by Six or more Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by Five Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and if drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by Three Horles or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine Pence Sterling; and if drawn by Two Ho.les or Beads-of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and if drawn by One liorfc or Bead of Draught, the Sum of i hree Pence Seeding.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, with or without a Rider, loaded or noc loaded, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Pence Sterling.

Fcr every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler Number.

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of

Six-

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 357

Sixpence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for a greater or c '*

Idler Number.

.?bso/f I; !j qo }. 'J

And the said Trustees shall cause a Table of the Tolls to oe printed and affixed upon or near each Turnpike Gate or Toll House/for the

Information of all concerned.

■' ' I ' 1 . . 1

VII. Provided always, and be it dnadted, That there shall be the Dif- S'* S'ame tance of Six Statute Miles between every Two Gates erected on the M >s be-fame Line or Branch of Road,' or if the said Trustees fi id it necessary or q* tiC expedient to erect Gates within a less Distance from each other, rhen

every Person paying at one Gate shall receive a Ticket which shall entitle such Person to pass the next Gate with the fame Carriage or Cattle with-out paying, if such Gate be within Six Statute Miles of the Gate at which Payment was made: and every Person paying Toll Hull accordingly receive a Ticket for the Diy, on Production of which he fh til be entitled to pals’and repass the Gate at which he receives it.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That ifin the Execution Exceptions of this Act it shall be found expedient, in consequence of an intended All ,"cferW111 teration of the present Line of the Great Road from Edinburgh to Carlisle a e*‘ through the Counties of Edinburgh, Selkirk, and Roxburgh, to remove the Turnpike Gate from the Place where it Hands at present at Corflee, to a

Place ar or near Whitebanklee, it shall be lawful to levy Toll thereat, notwithstanding that such Turnpike Gate may be within Six Miles of another Gate, on the fame Line of Road; and in like Manner to levy Toll at a Bar to be erected at or near Whitebanklee, upon the Line of Road by Torwoedlee, though the fame be within Six Miles of another Bar:

And provided likewise, that in the Event of Bridges being erected by the said Trustees out of or by means of the Money raised'by virtue of this Act, over the River Tweed at Faimilee, or over the River Ettrick at Selkirk, upon the direct Road from Edinburgh to Selkirk, in case of the prelenc Bridges at these Places, or either of them, being demoliffied, or becoming ruinous or unsafe for Travellers, then it shall and may be lawful to eredfc a Turnpike Gate at or near any and each Bridge lo to be built, and to levy thereat the full Rates or Duties before specified, notwithstanding that there may be another Turnpike Gate within the Distance of Six Miles upon the Road leading to and from such Bridge: and in case of the Erection of the said Bridges, or of a Bridge over the Water or River of Cala, at or near Corjlee. the Powers of this Act shall extend to the Accedes to and from the said Bridge, as making Part of the Roads by this Act intended to be made and repaired.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they here- povver to by are empowered, at any General Meeting held after due Notice given leifen the by Advertisement inserted in the Newspapers of greatest Circulation, pub- Toll*, lished at Edinburgh at least Three Weeks before, to order the said Rates

or Duties, or any of them, to be leflcned as the State of the Roads or Circumstanecs of the Funds may permit, and again to raile the said Tolls or Duties when the Trustees shall lee Cause, to any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Rates authorized by this Act; but in case of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls being owing, no Diminution of the

[Lee. fc? Per.] 4 * " ' Rates

35& 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Rates shall take place without the Content of Four Fifths in Value of the Creditors on the said Roads.

Trusteesnot X. And be it enacted, That ifany of the said Trustees shall accept or

PVco*ny hold any Place of Profit under this Act, he shall be incapable of acting as Profit. a Trufiee, during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit; and no Victual-ler or R etailer of Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of holding or enioying any Office of Trust or Profit under this Act, but that this Difq'iajification shall not extend to the Person or Persons to whom the Toll Bars shall or may be let.

Time and Xf. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Thfde C-reraf or more ^era, shall hold their First dated or General Meetirfg by lWrr ings v'rtuc of this Act at Selkirk, as soon after the passing, of this end Oder of Act as conveniently may be, with Power to the said Truste&, Prwceuurc. or Majority of those present at any of the General Meetings, to adjourn to such other Time and Place as they shall think convenient, the Trudeesat all their Meetings defraying their own Charges, with Power also to name a Committee, of their Number, being Heritors of the respective Panfties through which the Roads pass, or Creditors on the said Roads, to the Extent of One Hundred Pounds Sterling, each Heritor not present having Power to act by his Agent or Factor, specially authorised by a Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, to have the more immediate Care and Management of particular Parts of the said Roads, and to give their Committees (whereof Three to be a Quorum,) such Indruftions and Powers as they shall think fit and expedient, not being inconfident with the Powers by this Act given; and also with Power to the said Trustees, both in their General Meetings and Corrimittee Meetings, Trustees to to appoint Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, Surveyors, Overseers and other appoint Officers with reasonable Salaries for their Trouble; all which Cldrks, Clerks, Sec. Caffiiers, Collectors, and others appointed to Offices of Trust, shall find Se-who shall curity for the due Execution of their Offices, and shall account to such Cofn-finii Security, mittee, or other Person appointed to receive their Accounts, once every Twelve Months, or oftener, (if required), for all Monies received by them, and pay over the Balance to the Trustees, or their Order; and in On Default, case ot Default, in accounting or Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two mittedtUl" or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the Accountren- said County of Selkirk, at the Suit of the said Trustees, to commit the dered. Defaulter to Prison, till a faithful Account be rendered, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees, for the Balance due by hrm1 as aforesaid, which Composition the said Trustees, are hereby authorised and empowered to make: Provided always that no Person shall be edrfirhifted for want of sufficient Goods or Property, whereon to make Distress for such Balance, for any longer Space than Six Calendar Months.

Quorum of

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Quorum of the Trustees ne-Trustetj. cessary to do Business in General Meetings, shall be Three, but if only One or any Number less than Three shall be present at- any of the stated or other General Meetings, such Trustee or Trustees shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting; and in that Cafe Notice shall be giveir of the Day, Place, and Purpose of such adjourned Meeting, by Two federal i. Adverufements in some Newspaper published at Edinburgh, the First of such Adveitilements being at lead Fourteen Days before the' Day

of

4?° GEORGII III. Gafr 23. 359

of such adjoined Meeting; and the Clerk of the said Trustees shall have Power, ar d he is hereby required, when directed, by a Writing under* (he Hands of any Two 0$ rnorp Trpfjlees, to call at any Time a General Meeting, giving the like previous t'Jptyce of the Time, Place, and Purpose of the Meeting; and at such Meetings no Bufirtefs shall be entered or decided upon, ofhepthap whidjis fpfeified in the Notice given as afore-liid 1 and jt Ih^U pot be gy'she Power of any dated or General Meeting to r.effind, alter, qr vary t)ie p^f^mination of any former dated or General Meeting, previqus Notjpe of the Intention of so doing, and the

Time, apd Place of the Meeting be given by Advertisements in such News-jMpons aj aforesaid, ^nd.at all the if Meetings, the Trustees present dull defray their own Estperyces.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Proceedings of the said Trusteetto TP;yrft«s, and an exact Account of all the Money received by virtue of h«P Book!, this 4$r3n<p}f,^e Application of the fame, shall be entered in a Book or

Rooks, 'to (be kept by phye Clerk or Clerks appointed by the said Trustee?, whose Jfodpqfs jt,jjull ybe to enter and record regularly all their Proceedings and Recounts, and for that Purpose to call for and oblige the Receivers, Tacks-men, and Cashiers, to produce their Accounts and Vouchers thereof; and in case of their neglecting so to do they shall forfeit ,a,sum noqcxceeding their Year’s Salary, which Books of Accounts pod Prpcoedings shall be open to the fofpedion of evepr Heritor in the Cquoy, ,of peliir.k,-.and,to the Creditors on the Tolls bn the said Roads, ■without,pee or Reward j and in case of Misapplication of Money borrowed, cwlleded, received, or levied by or under this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall so misapply the lame, or by whose Authority the Misapplication shall be made, shall forfeit double the Sum misapplied, with Ca ts of Suit, to be recovered at the Suit of any tw6 or more tHenors of the said County of Selkirk, determined by a summary Process before the Shenff Depute of the County, or his Substiture, out of which Sum,

-•when recovered, the Sum so misapplied shall be paid to the Trustees for the Purposes of this ^Ad, and the Remainder be divided into Two , Moieties, one to be paid to the Trustees for the like Purposes, and the -,other.to the Persons suing for the fame; and Committees, appointed as aforesaid,-fluff by accountable to the General Meetings, and for that Pur-, pole - shall,.Lay.hcfpre them, once in the Year at lead, a State of their , Accounts, and alj other their Transactions, to be by them at one of their - ftaiec^ general Meetings examined, audited, and approved; and in case of . Failure or Neglect, the Clerk of the general Meeting shall, and he is hereby required to apply to the Sheriff Depute, or Substitute of the County, or to the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter-Sessions, or ad-3 journed^ (^aner^Sfjffions, which Sheriffs or Justices shall grant a Warrant for summoning the Clerk of the Committee so failing, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Failure or Neglect is imputed, and on Proof of. such Failure or Neglect shall fine him or them in a Su n not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be paid to the said Trustees, to be by them applied to the Purpol'es of this Act.

XIV. And be it farther enacted and declared, That the said Trustees _ mav lue and be.fmdfor any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution ofthisA,d» in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; fUed, in the

d- and that no Action m Suit wherein the said Trustees shall be concerned Name of

as Purfuera or Defenders in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, by the J!IC,crlc

, T’ 1 or Treasurer.

Virtue

360 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, but that the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, shall be deemed to be the Pursuer or Defender (as the Case may be) in every such Action.

Power to

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power compound at their General or Committee Meetings, to compound or agree by the

for Tolls. Year, with any Person or Persons travelling, or in use to travel orufe cliff

said Roads, the Composition Money agreed upon being made payable Quarterly, and by advance; and Copies of all such Agreements shall be entered in a Book or Rooks, to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or respective Clerks, to be seen and perused by any Person or Persons in-1 terested, at all reasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

111X

Tolls verted XVI, And be it further enacted, That the Money so to be raised and in the Truf- collected as aforesaid shall, and is hereby declared to be vested in the said tees. Trustees, and (had be strictly applied to and for the Uses and s

of this Act} nor shall any Part thereof be expended without their Orders, or the Orders of their Committees, or other Persons authorised by General Meetings.

: . - ■; •' .1.

Turnpikes,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Toll Houses, and every the said Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Bridges on the said Roads &c. verted in already erected, or to be erected, by virtue of this Act; and the Mate-Trustees. rja]s thereo‘, with the Materials chat shall be collected and dug up for making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges, shall be vested in the said Trustees, who may and are hereby authorised to dispose of the same as they shall think proper, for the Purpose of this Act only.

Penalty on

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall breaking wilfully or maliciously break down, or otherwise destroy or deface any down Gates, Turnpike Gates, Bridges, Mile-Stones, Pods, Chains,-Bars, Houses, or o her Works whatsoever, erected for the Use of such Turnpikes, or shall refeue any Person in Custody for any of these Offences, every Person so offending, being thereof legally convicted in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trustees, or any Two of them, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of Selkirk, shall be condemned to pay any Sum noc exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, and to be imprisoned for any Time noc exceeding One Calendar Month, and thereafter until the Damages awarded shall be paid; and far a second Offene-, may, on Conviction as aforesaid, be condemned to pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, and be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

Penalty ou

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Keepers of the Tum-the Keepers pike Gates, erected by virtue of this Act, shall fail in due Performance'of of the Gates their Duty, or shall neglect to give constanc Attendance at all Hours, and tendiae^&c. a *rec anc^ reat'v ^a*ce 10 a" P^fons and Carriages, on Payment offered ' of the Toll, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Two of , r them, and they are hereby required, on satisfactory Proof given,' to levy

from each Toll-keeper so offending in all or every of the said Particulars,

*3

36i

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

such a Sum as to them shall appear reasonable, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and Trustees

they are hereby empowered to purchase such Pieces of Ground as they shall may^puf-ch a^e judge moll convenient, not exceeding One-fourth of an Acre for each frea Toll-House, Stable, and Garden. Houses.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf-

tees to continue or cause to be erected One or more Gate or Gates, on the Gatej>

Side or Sides of the said Roads, and across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame; and also a Toll House at each such Gate, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are hereby granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Side Gate or Cross Bar shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pal’s toll-free through the next Gate or Turnpike of the said Roads, if within Six Miles on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees, or the Persons au- penalty on

thonzed by them, shall have a Right to demand and take the Rate of Toll refafmgor or Duty fixed for the Time by the Trustees agreeably to this Act for every neglf&inft r<J Carnage, Horse, or other Cattle subject to the Payment thereof, before

such Carriage, Horse or Cattle be permitted to pal's any of the Turnpike which may Gates erected under this Act; and if after Demand made, any Person or be levied by Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame for any Carriage, Horse, or Distress and other Cattle belonging tothtm, or in their Custody, such Person or Persons, 0lf e

besides the Toll or Duty, shall be subject to aPenalty not exceeding Twenty tj,e Person Shillings Sterling; and it shall be lawful for the Keeper of the Turnpike refilling. Gate to l’eize and detain the Carriage, Horses or other Cattle, with their Loading, for which the Toll ought to be paid, in Security thereof, and of the Penalty aforesaid; as also to apprehend the Person or Persons so re-fusing or neglecting, and to carry him or them before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute, or Sheriff Substitute of the County of Selkirk, or of any other County in which the Offender can be first: apprehended, and upon Proof of such Neglect or Refusal, by Confession of the Offender upon Oath, by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other legal Evidence, the said justice or Justices, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, shall be empowered and lequired to grant Warrant for levying the said Toll or Duty, and Penalty, with the necessary Charges for recovering the fame, by Distress and Sale of the Carriages, Horses, or other Cattle for which the Toil-duty was refused or neglected to be paid, or of the Goods with which they were loaded, or of any other Goods or Chattels which belong to the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner on Demand, after Deduction of such Toll, and all the Charges of distraining, kreping, appraising, and felling the fame; and if the said Toll or Duty, Penalty and Charges, cannot be made effectual by such Diltrels and Sale, the said Justice or Justices, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, shall commit the Person of the Offender to Gaol for any Space not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless the Toll or Duty, Penalty and Charges awarded, be sooner paid.

[Loc. Per.] 4 T

562

Penalty on Persons going, or permitting ethers to go, through any Cate.

Perwltv Or, taking oft' Hones, &c.

Tolls to be paid only once in 24 Hours.

Penalty on Persons dit-polirg o , or re. riving Tickets, Sc.

Es-mp-.ions Item Toll.

47’ GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person occupying any Lands or ether Premises near the said Roads final] assist or be acceffiry in permitting any Person to pass through any private Gate or Passage, with any Horse, Bead, or Carriage liable to pay Toll by virtue of this Act, or shall connive thereat; or if any Perl'on shall forcibly pass through, or assist any Person in passing through any Turnpike Gate, erected or to be erected on the said Roads, whereby the Payment of such Poll may be evaded, such Person so permitting or conniving at. and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Horse, Bead, or Carriage through such Grounds or Private Passage, and any Person or Persons riding or driving any Horse, Bead, or Carriage through any Private Road, in order to evade the Payment of the Toll, or forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate being convicted t iereof by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before ahe Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Selkirk, or of any of the adjoining Counties, final! for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said T’ruRees, or their Collector or Collectors, a Sum not exceeding Five P..unds Sterling.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, l‘hat if any Person or Persons shall take off any Hoi fe, or Horses, or Oxen, or other Beads of Draughr, from any Carriage, at or before the lanrie shall come to any of the Gates or Turn-pikes erected or to be eiefted by virtue of this Act, with an Intention to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby impof-d, or any Parc thereof, each and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the Trustees appointed to put this Act in Execution, or to their Collectors for the Time being, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, having paid the Tolls herein before granted, at any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, returning the same Day, reckoning from Twelve of the Clock at Mid-rnghr, to the fame Hour on the Day following, shall be liable again to pay the said Tolls at any Gare or Turnpike, through which they shall have passed for the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by the lame I lorfes, or other Beasts of Draught, or for the fame Horse or other Bead, or Cattle, for which any such Toll shall have been paid.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons having paid the Tolls by this Act imposed, and having a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll, shall give or dispose of the tame to a'ny other Person or Persons, in order to avoid Payment of the said Toll, every such Person so giving or disposing of such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, or receiving che fame, being convicted thereof upon Oath before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the said County of Selkirk, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no t oil whatsoever shall be demanded, or taken for any Carriage, Horses, or Cattle, loaded with any Materials-for making or repairing Highways, or

building.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23; 363

building, or repairing Bridges, Toll House', or Toll Gates with'.n the said County of Selkirk, nor for Carriages, or Horses, loaded with Dung for manuring Lands within the said County,or going for the fame with empty Carriages nor for any Horses or Cattle going to Water, or Pasture, in or upon the Farm or Farms in which any Turnpike Gate or Gates may (land, nor from any Person or Persons going to, or returning from Church,

Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, and situated within the Parish where such Persons reside, upon a Sunday, or other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor from Persons attending the Funeral of any Person, who shall be buried in any of the Parishes, lying in whole, or in part within the said County, nor for any Hearse or other Machine conveying the Body of such person, nor from any Clergyman, going to, or returning from his Mini-fterial or Parochial Duty, within the Parish of which he is Minister; nor for any Horle or Carriage going to, or from any Smith's Shop, to be Ihoed or repaired, passing through any Gate within One Statute Mile of such Shop; nor for Carts or Carriages, carrying any Corn, Hay,

Straw, Manure, or Implements of Husbandry, nor for any Horse or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresse', or in returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses, or Carriages of Officers, or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or Seamen, or in carrying any lick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or in returning from carrying and conveying the fame; nor for any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to, or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons shall be drelfed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with and conveying Vagrants, or Criminals sent with legal Passes, or returning from conveying the lame; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Laid Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the lame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding F’ive Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Laid Trustees, at a Gene- Trustees may ral Meeting assembled, or a Committee to be named by any General Meet- let the Tolls, ing, may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by public

Roup, to let the said respective Tolls or Duties, in Whole, or by Parcels, from time to time during the Continuance of this Act, by Lease or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rate or Rates they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall from time to time give such good and sufficient Security for paying thereof as shall be approved by the said Trustees.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trullees may Trustees over and above the Money already due and owing on the Credit borro'v Mo-

0 , ney on the

Of Tolls.

304-

AOignm- n» to fce entered in a Book.

Trodees rot

personally

liable.

Application of Tolls.

To mike Drains, widen the Koadr, &c.

4-7° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

the Tolls, to borrow such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge to be necessary on the Credit of the Tolls leviable at any or each of the Turnpike Gates already trested, or to be ereiled, by virtue of this Act to be laid out in making and repairing the said Roads, and the Bridges, thereupon, erefling Toll-Houses, and defraying the other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, provided that the whole Amount of the Money so borrowed shall not exccedThree Thousand Pounds Sterling, declaring that the Money so borrowed shall be and continue a Lien upon the Tolls granted by this A4t; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to assign the Whole, or any Part of the Tolls by this Act imposed, to the Person or Persons from whom the Money as aforesaid shall be borrowed, as a Security for Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, with the Interest thereupon, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the Alignments of the Tolls, for the Money (o borrowed, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the said Trustees, or such Persons as they shall appoint; which Book may be seen and perused at all reasonable Times, by any Person or Persons anyway interested as a Land Owner in the said County of Selkirk, or as a Creditor as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward; 3na the Securities to be granted by the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, shall betranfferr.ible by indorsement, duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the 1'refence of One or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses.

XXX. And be it enacted and declared, That the said Trustees shall not be held, or adjudged to have rendered themselves personally liable for the Re-Dayment of the Money borrowed, or Interest thereof, by reason of having signed the Securities; which Securities are to be held and confi-drred as granted upon the foie Credit and Security of the Tolls; nor shall any Trustee be held personally liable, upon any Pretext, for Payment of any Sum which he shall not have bound himself to pay personally, as an Individual, independant of his Office as a Trustee under this A4t.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Produce of the Tolls arising at the Turnpikes, or Toll-Bars, erehed or to be erected on the said Roads, shall be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding the said Roads and Bridges thereupon, and paying the Interest: of the Money borrowed, subscribed, advanced, or owing at the Time; and the Surplus shall be appropriated annually to extinguish the Principal of the said Debt, and to no other Purpose, except for paying the Expences of procuring and passing this Act.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons ailing under the Authority of the said Trustees, to make, or cause to be made, Caul'eways, and to cut and make Drains through the Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads; and where it shall appear necessary or expedient, to alter the Line and Direction of any of the said Roads, and to widen the same to such Breadth as they think proper, not exceeding Forty Feet at any Place, exclusive of the Foot-ways; and to cause Houses or other Buildings encroaching on the Roads to be widened as aforesaid, die Side Walls of which Buildings do not exceed Twenty Feet in Height, to be detnolifned, and all Obstructions occasioned

365

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

by Fore-Stairs, or projedfing Buildings, in any Town, Village, or Place, through which any of the said Hoads do or may pals, to b'e removed.

XXXIII. Provided always, That’full Compensation shall be made to Compenfa-the Owners and Occupiers of all Lands, Grounds, and Tenements, taken "°n,eto(o^e for the Use of the Roads, and for all Damage done to the fame, and for that Gr0(lnd Purpose the Trustees shall, before entering on any such Ground or Tene- taken, or ments, or injuring the fame, give One Month’s Notice, at the lead, Heredita-to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and make an Offer to them of m'njidd3‘ what the Trustees consider to be the Value, ora just Compensation, unless in such Owners or Occupiers renounce all Claim to Damages or Compensation, which the Owners and Occupiers in Possession at the Time, of Estates under Entail or Incumbrance shall be at liberty to do, in case the fame does not exceed the Value of Twenty Pounds Sterling, but not otherwise; and that the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered, to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie. Heirs ot Entail, Husbands, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to fell, let, and convey all such Lands or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or any of them, and erecting any Toll-Bar or Toll-House thereon, or for storing Materials, or otherwise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in taking the necessary Sheriff to Ground for making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or for any Toll- fumtnon a House, Garden, or Stable, as before mentioned, or in taking down any House or Houses, or Part or Parts of any House or Houses, under the Au- Lands 8a<j thority of this Act, if the said Trustees shall not come to an Agreement Housei. with the Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands where the Roads are to be so altered or widened, or whose Fences are to be altered or removed, or with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Ground taken for such Toll-Houses, Garden and Stable, or any House or Houses, or Part or Parts of any House or Houses, which are to be taken down as aforesaid, or in case the Claim of Damages which may be thence incurred has not been renounced in Manner aforesaid, Application shall be made to the Sheriff depute of the County of Selkirk, or his Substitute, to summon a Jury in order to value the Ground necessary to be taken and used, or Houses or Parts of Houses necessary to be taken down as aforesaid, and the Loss or Damage ensuing from the altering or removing Fences; and the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, are hereby empowered and required, upon Application, to order Notice thereof to be given to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Ground or Houses, and afterwards to issue a Summons, in the usual Manner, for calling together and impannelling a Jury, confiding of Fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after such Examination to return a Verdict, upon Oath, as to the Damage sustained by the Proprietors of such Lands, Fences, Houses, or Parts of Houses; and in

making up their Verdicf, to be pronounced as herein directed, and in

estimating the Sums to be paid to the Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers of Lands and Houses, as aforesaid, the said Jury shall have Rfoht,

[Lot. 6? Per.] 4 Z ' and

366

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

and they are hereby empowered to take under their Consideration all Circumstances, particularly the Advantages arising to the Proprietors, Tenants, and Occupiers, of the said Roads; and in ascertaining the Value of the Dykes or Inclosures which it may be necessary to pull down in making new Roads, the Jury shall also have Power to direct such Dykes as may thereby become uleless to the Proprietor, to be taken down and removed by the said Trustees, upon Payment of such Allowance therefore as the said Jury may determine; and it shall be optional to the Proprietor either to accept of the Allowance so awarded, or to retain the Materials of the said Dykes to his own private Ule; and after Sheriff to ad a Verdict is pronounced, as aforesaid, the said Sheriff Depute, or his judge Pay3. " Substitute, are hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value and ment of the Amount of the Lois or Damage thereby awarded to the Persons having Sum awarded a Right thereto; and upon Payment being made by the said Trullees, by the Jury. out of MonCy raised by virtue of this Act, of the Sum awarded to the Party or Parties interested, or Consignation of the said Sum in any of the public Banks of Scotland, the said respective Trustees shall from thenceforth have right to take and use the Ground, and to take down the Houses and Fences, or Parts of Houses and Fences so valued, for the Purposes of altering, widening, and extending the Roads and Highways aforesaid, as fully and effectually ever after, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Grounds, Houses, or Fences, had executed regular Dilpositions of the fame, and thereupon Infeftment had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, shall be final, and not removeable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Sul'pension, to or by any Court whatever, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

thefproc«ed^

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event that kgs, how " such jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have to be paid. offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers shall have required, the Expence of the Proceedings shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, That in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees: Provided also. That after having offered to the Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses'for the Purposes of this Act; and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operation of the said Trustees, on Pretence of settling the Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid.

Any Warrant for (lopping the Work to

XXXVI. And, to prevent unnecessary Trouble and Delay, be it further enacted, That in case any Person interested shall apply for, and obtain from any Judge competent, a Warrant for flopping the Execution of any of the

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 367

the Purposes aforesaid, to be carried on under the Authority of this Act, be recalled the said Judge is hereby directed and empowered to recal such Warrant °0nun(jautlon and remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the respective Trustees therein named for the Amount of such Damages as may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing for the lame, and ascertained in Manner herein before mentioned.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Reverting or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, pur- purchase chafed, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the M°nies if Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life- ""tin2t0 rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation. Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the fame shall

amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt, or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages Handing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect j and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any If left than Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or He- £to° and ritages purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging *ce'dl"g to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall

exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their

3^8 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Approbation, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed} or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein, before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

Underlie.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next beforementioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to

not making whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase

cut Title. of Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (describing them,) subjedk to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons, making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Effaces, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money, into the Banks as aforesaid.

4/ GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Eftare, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the PoflelTion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Pofled fion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be rr.ade in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purpol'es *s the said Court shall direct.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Course of the said

Roads shall be altered, as foun as any new Road shall be completed and made passable for Carriages, in case the old Roads shall thereby become lifeless, and may be (hut up without Inconvenience, the said Trustees shall be, and are hereby empowered, if they fee proper, to value by a Jury as aforesaid, or otherwise, as they may deem necessary, and dispose of or fell the Land or Ground composing such old or former Roads, and that according to the Value of unimproved or uncultivated Lands in the Neighbourhood, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Grounds through which the said old Road did pass, having always the Preference of Purchase at the said Valuation; and Affidavit shall be made by the Clerk of the District within which the old Road is situated, of such Offer of Preference having been made, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Purpol'es of this Act; and the Sale and Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of such Lands and Grounds comprising the said old Road, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it declared, That in every Cafe where it may be necessary to exchange or take Ground as hereinbefore allowed for the Purposes of this Act, the same shall not affect, alter, or diminish

[Lot. ft? Per.] 5 A the

369

Where Questions arile touching the

Title.

Expences in case of Disability.

Old Roads to be sold.

Ground taken not to diminish valued Rent.

3?o

47° GEORGII

the valued Rent of the Lands from taken.

III. Cap. 23.

which such Grounds shall be

so

Trustees may take Materials, &c.

On paying Damages.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, rnay dig, gather, quarry, take and carry away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, or such other like Materials, for the making, amending, and repairing of the said Roads, and for building Ardhes and Bridges, or repairing the lame as aforesaid, out of any Grounds where the fame may be found within the said County of Selkirk, or any other County adjoining the Road, (such Materials or Stone not having been dug, quarried, or raised for the private Use of the Proprietor of such Grounds,) and to opnn Acceifes for carrying off the said Mate ills and Stones -, such Accedes, and the Places from whence the said Materials and Stones shall be proposed to be taken, being first marked ut by any Two or more of the rrustees, after Notice in Writing given by them, or Intimation before Two Witnedcs, or by 1'ome Person determined by their Order, to the Proprietor of iucti Grounds, or his or her Factor, and to the Occupier thereof, Six Weeks previous to marking out the fame; the Trustees making reasonable S.itisfaction, ifdemanded, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds respectively from which the Materials or Stones shall be taken, or over which the fame may be carried, for the Damages to be done thereby, and for the Value of such Materials or Stones; but if such Proprietor, Factor, or Occupier shall not be satisfied with the Compensation odered by the said Trustees, the same shall be asce tained in the Manner hereinbefore directed, by a Jury to be impanelled by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County of Selkirk, or by the Sheriff of the County from which such Materials may be taken, whose Proceedings shall be final; but such Application shall not prevent the said Trustees from causing the said Materials to be carried off and ul'ed in the mean Time.

Notice to be

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall given before not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the taken"3'* Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, quarry, take, and carry away Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, from any inclnfed Lands or Groundsuntil either the Consent of the Proprietor is obtained, or due Notice ;n W riting shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usualPlace of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or Two justices of the Peace adlingfor the County within which the Materials are, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorise such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, quarry, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times, as to such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or Agent, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to aii Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or Ins Agent had attended.

XLV 11. Provided

37*

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

XLVII. Provided always, That in altering, widening, or making any of the said Roads, or digging or taking Materials as aforesaid, no House or Building shall be prejudiced of which the Side Walls are above Twenty Feet high, from the Surface of the adjoining Ground, nor any Garden, Orchard, or planted Walks, or Avenue, Lawn, Pleasure Ground, appertaining to such House, Plantation or Nursery of Trees, without the Consent of the Owner thereofr Provided always, that where inclosed Grounds shall be broken into for the Purposes aforesaid the Value of the same shall be ascertained in Manner as herein before directed

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, that where any Ditches have been, or hereafter shall be made near the Sides of the said Roads, or through any Fields, adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, such Proprietors or Occupiers shall, and they are hereby required to keep such Ditches properly scoured, and not to allow the Water to stagnate there’n, so that the Roads may be thereby damaged, and if they fail to do so after Six Days’ Notice previously given, the said Trustees, or the Over-fcers of the Roads, by Direction of any of the Trustees, may and are hereby required to order the said Ditches to be opened, scoured, and cleansed, at the Costs of the said Proprietors or Occupiers; such Costs to be recovered by Distress and Sale of any moveable Effects in the same Manner as hereinbefore directed for levying any of the Penalties hereby imposed; and if any Occupier of Land shall turn any Water across or upon the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, he or she shall conduct such Water, in an open or covered Drain of such Form and Dimensions as the said Trustees, in General, or Committee, or District Meetings, as-sembled, shall order anddiredt; and if such Occupier of Land shall, after Ten Days Notice, refuse or neglect to make such Drain, according to the Direction of the said Trustees, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order and cause such Drain to be made, and the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to make the fame, agreeably to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees, as aforesaid, shall repay to the said Trustees all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the making of such Drain, and shall likewise pay a Penalty of Treble the Amount of-such Costs, Charges, and Expences; the said Costs and Penalty to be levied, by Distress and Sale, in manner hereinbefore directed, and to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIX. Provided always, That the Drains and Ditches to be made by Order of the said Trustees, shall be scoured and kept in Repair out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, and if any Occupier of Land through which such Drains and DitcheS are or shall be, shall obstruct or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay Treble the Expence of repairing and scouring the fame, to be recovered in Manner herein after mentioned, and the said Occupier shall be deemed the Aggressor, unless it shall appear to the Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, or Sheriff Substitute, before whom such Occupier shall appear in order to his or their Conviction, that he was not in Fault; and where any Passage for Cattle or Carriages, across any Road, for the Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it passes, shall be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall always cover the Drains eroding the Sides of such Roads with sufficient Stones, so as the Course of the Water may not be interrupted, or the Road there-! - . - by

No House or Orchard, &c. to be prejudiced.

Proprietors or Occupiers to cleanse Ditches.

Occupiers to make Drains,

&c.

Ditches, &c. made by Trustees, to be scoured at their Expence.

Penalty on filling up Ditches.

372

No Driver 10 drive Carriages, &c. abreast.

To drive to the left Hand, or near Side.

or »■ ',

Notices of new Indo-sures to be given to Trustees.

Truliees to make Foot-Paths.

47" GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

by prejudiced; and no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Roads, or conduct it across any Part thereof, until he shall have obtained the Consent of the said f ruffees, in a General or Committee Meeting assembled, and every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water arrofs the Road in a covered Drain, of such Depth and Construction as the Water may not prejudice the Road.

L. And be it enacted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Als, Mule, or other Bead of Burden, whether the fame be loaded or unloaded, shall drive, or permit the same to travel or pass upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, abreast or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beall of Burden, so as wilfully to obstrud the free Paffaae of the said Road, or any Part thereof, and every Person and Persons offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for each Offence.

LI. And be it enacted, That the Driver of every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burden* upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall be obliged upon meeting another Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burden, to make Way, by holding or driving to his own left Hand, or what is commonly called holding to the near Side, and that without Distindion, whether the Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Carr, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burden so meeting one another, are loaded or unloaded, and every such Carriage, Horse, or other Bead of Burden, overtaking any other Carriage, Horse, or Bead of Burden, shall pass on the right Hand thereof; and every Person offending in the Premiies llull forfeic a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence.

LII. And be it further enacted, That where the Lands adjacent to any of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, are not inclosed, the Proprietor or Occupier of such Lands shall not make Inclosures along the Sides of the said Road, without giving at lead Two Months’ previous Notice to the said Trustees, which Notice may be given by a Letter to the Clerk of the General Meeting, or of the Committees who have Charge of that Part of the Road adjacent to which the Inclosure is proposed to be made; and the said General Meeting or Committee are hereby required to insert a Copy of the said Letter in their Minutes; and in case such Proprietor or Occupier shall fail to give such Notice as aforesaid, he shall not be entitled to any Compensation for the Expence of the Inclosures, in case the said Trustees shall at any future Period think it necessary to demolish the fame, for the Purpose of widening the said Road, and making Foot Paths thereon.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause Foot Paths, to the Breadth of Five Feet, to be made along the Sides of the said Roads; and if any Person shall ride or drive a Carriage or Cattle upon any Paths made or to be made, or shall in any Way wantonly or maliciously injure the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, to be levied in Manner hereinafter directed.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 373

LIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Ground on the Side '°r

of any of the said Roads is inclosed or planted, the Proprietors of such judges*3 Ground shall be obliged to lop the Trees or Hedges at a proper Season of the Year, in a proper Manner, so as to give sufficient Breadth and Air to the Road; and in case they neglect or refute to do so for Six Months after being required by an Order of Three or more of the Trustees, the Trustees shall have Power to appoint the same to be done at a proper Season of the Year at the Defaulter’s Expence; and no Proprietor or Trees not to Occupier of Lands on the Sides of any of the said Hoads shall have be planted Pdwer to plant Trees within Six Feet therefrom, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, besides removing the said Trees. jc,ad.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Three TmUtesmay or more of them, may cause any of the said Roads to be measured, and ""efetJa‘ Stones and Ports to be erected on the Sides thereof, denoting the Dif- ^acts eauj tance at each Mile, or at such other Distances as they may judge con- rrea M,ie venient; and also to order, or cause to be erected Guide Ports, and Rail- Stones, ings upon such Parts of the said Roads, where the Roads are crossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge most proper; and if any Person shall breakdown, destroy, or deface any such Mile Stones, Guide Ports, Penalty on or Railings, or shall break down any Cape Stones, or the Ledges or Para- dicing pet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges on the said Roads, or turn lhein‘ any Stream of Warer, upon any Parc of the said Roads, unless a sufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage, shall have been previously made as before directed, or shall be aiding or assisting therein, or shall refeue, or attempt to refeue any Person apprehended for such Offence; every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnds or Wic-nesses, before the Sheriff Depute or Substiture, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Selkirk, shall for the First Offence, be not only adjudged to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained, but also a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling; and for every Second and subsequent Offence, shall, besides paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty nor exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, and in case the said Penalty, Damages, and Expences, so adjudged, shall not instantly be paid, or good and sufficient Security given for the fame, the said Sheriff or Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit such Person or Persons so convicted to Prison for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor lei's than One Calendar Month.

LVI. And, for preventing Annoyances in or upon the said Roads, be Head Ridges it further enacted, That from and after Two Months from the Com- to be made mencement of this Act, every Person, in ploughing any Field contiguous *he, Si^e* to any of the said Roads, shall always mike Head-ridges along the Sides ° the °a S‘ of the said Roads, of the Breadth or Six Feet atleaft; and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any of the said Roads shall open inward to the Field; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall lay any dead Horses except in por r£ven Cafes of Accident, to be made out to the Satisfaction of the Justices or ingf Annoy-" Sheriff before whom the Complaint shall be brought, or other Carrion ancea. upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the said Roads, or any Dung, Lime, Soil, Comport, or Matter whatsoever, either for manuring Land, or for any other Purpose, nor leave any Cart or Carriage, or the Load thereof, longer than may be necessary

[Loc. fc? Per.] 5 B for

374-

In making

Drains across the Roads, One Half to be left clear of Ob-itruflions.

Contractors not to dig Pits, or if such necessary, to fence them.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

for the loading or unloading the fame, or other Obstruction whatsoever, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yards of the Side thereof, and that in making any covered or arched Passage, or Drain for Water across any of the said Roads, a safe and easy Passage along one Half of such Road, shall be left without any Obstruction, either by breaking the Road, or laying down the Materials 5 and such covered Drain or Passage shall be made across and completely finished on the one Half of the said Road before the other Half shall be opened, and the Whole, or the open Part thereof shall, if practicable, be completed in one Day, or ©therwife the Materials for executing the same shall be so well fenced off, that Passengers may suffer no Injury thereby; which Precautions and Manner Of executing covered Drains as aforesaid, shall be Itrictly observed by all Contractors and others employed in making or repairing the said Roads; and every Person offending shall not only forfeit the Materials laid down, but also a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Staling for every Offence, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter directed, one Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied for making or repairing the said Roads; and every Contractor or other Person employed by the said Trustees for making, amending, widening or repairing of the said Roads, shall be expressly prohibited from digging Pits or breaking up any Ground within I welve Feet from the Sides of the said Roads, and when that cannot conveniently be avoided, such Contractor, or other Person employed as aforesaid, shall be obliged to erect a sufficient Fence between the Side of the said Road, and any Pit which it may be necessary to dig for the Purposes above mentioned, and that under a Penalty noc exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

Articles to be

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if after the passing of this Act, drawn on a any p,-rfon or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, riac-1 3r* upon any Part of the said Roads, or in the Streets of any Burgh, Village, or Town through which the same shall pass, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Scone, Iron, Plough, Harrow, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Sledge or Wheel-Carriage, or shall suffer any Tree, or other Matter whatsoever, which can be conveyed upon a Sledge or Wheel-Carriage, co drag upon any Part of the said Roads, evedy such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner after directed. ’

Buildings

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, no to be passed Houses or Buildings of any Kind, which shall be erected at or along down. the of any of the said Roads, or in Villages, or at or near the Outlets of any Burgh or Town, within the said County of Ssikirk, where Houses have not formerly flood, shall be built so as to encroach upon the Roads or Foot-paths, without the Consent of the Trustees first obtained, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Pounds Sterling for each Offence over and above the Expence of demoliftiing such House or Building; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to flop the building or erecting of any such House or Building, and if any such Building shall be erected hereafter, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Application made to him or them by any 0,e Trustee; and upon Proof being adduced that the said Building encroaches on the Road, or Foot-path, may order such Building to be taken down and removed, at the Expence of the Ereftor, or of the Proprietor of the Ground,

and

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

and may grant a Warrant for levying and recovering the Penalty and Expences in Manner hereinafter directed.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act im poled, the Manner of levying and recovering wherdof is not particularly specified, shall, on Proof of the Offence before Two or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the fdd County of Selkirk, by the Confession of the Party, the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other legal Evidence, be levied determined by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justices or Sheriffs (which Warrant they, or any of them, are hereby authorised and required to grant and to administer Oaths gratis) Inch Sale being always made by public Auction to the highest Offerer, ar such Place as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within Six Days after the Distress shall have been made; and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale, after Deduction of the Penalties imposed, and Charges in recovery thereof, shall be returned on Demand, ro the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties and Forfeitures impofVd by this Act, if not otherwise hereby appropriated, shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Collectors, ro be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, or sufficient Security given for Payment, ic shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the Peace, or the said Sheriff-Depute or Substitu'e; and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol, or to a House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be lboner paid.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Proceedings to be had in the Execution of this Act, for which no particular Relief has been hereby provided, may, within Six Calendar Months after the Matter complained of shall be done, but not afterwards, appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next Quarter Sessions of the said County of Selkirk, the Appellant giving Fifteen Days’ previous Notice of such Appeal to the Defender or Defenders, and to the Clerk of the said Trustees, and to the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace, which Justices shall have Authority to hear and determine the Matter in dispute, and their Judgments therein shall be final, without being subject to Review, by Advocation, Suspen-fion, or otherwise howsoever.

375

Penalties an4 Forfeitures, how to tie recovered and applied, where not otherwise particularly specified.

If not paid; Offenders may be coma mitted.

Person s aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

LXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be no Objection to any Person Trustees may acting as a Judge, or Justice of the Peace, or a Juryman, under this Act, aa as |uf-in any Thing relative thereto, that he is a Trustee, except where he is per- *'ves orjury-fonalty interested. men‘

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for Limitatiouof all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Aaions-Wrongs done or Injuries fufrered in any Matter thereto relative, or in Conseque: ce of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty

376

Compelling Payment of Subscription Money.

Experces of this Act, how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Endurance of this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afters wards.

LXJII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who has or have subscribed, or shall subscribe, towards the making and repairing the Roads determined by this Act intended to be made and repaired, shall, after Forty Days’ Notice given by any Person or Persons authorised by the said Trusteesto receive and recover the Subscription Money, neglect or refuse to pay the Sum determined by him, her, or them subscribed, to the Person or Persons so authorised, it shall be lawful to such Person or Persons, and he and they are hereby required to sue for and recover the said Subscription Money in any Court competent in Great Britain, declaring that the Persons actually paying shall have a Lien on the Tolls coll|p£fed on the Road, for the Use of which the Money was subscribed, nex. after any Assignments that may have been made of such Tolls for Money borrowed as aforesaid, previously to the actual Payment of such Subscription Money.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That the whole Expence of advertising for, preparing, procuring, and passing this Act, and all other Expences attending the fame, to be ascertained at the First-, Second, or Third General Meeting of the said respective Trustees, shall be paid out of the Monies collected, borrowed, or recovered by the said Trustees by virtue of this Act.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXVI. And be it also enacted, That this Act shall commence from the passing thereof, and shall remain in full Force, and haveConcinuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

IS- f *rttP-JT

GEORGII III. REGIS.

tM«*JMe»*!Ht*iM*tMHM*»*

d of

HAS,

Cap. 24.

An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Hare-moss in the County of Roxburgh \ and for the better making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road. £2 5 th 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign 40*0. 3. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from Scots Dike, in the County of Dum*

" fries, ly or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick to Haremofs,

" in the County of Roxburgh," the Persons therein named and described were appointed Trustees, for repairing and keeping in Repair the aforesaid Road, and various Powers were granted to the said Trustees for that 2; G?o. 3. Purpose: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Twenty-fvth Year of «• ‘20-the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term " and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scots Dike,

" tn the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and " Hawick to Haremol's, in the County of Roxburgh," the Term of the Act first above-mentioned was enlarged, and certain other Powers were granted to the Trustees thereby appointed, for the better making and repairing the said Road: And whereas the Trustees appointed by the said Two Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money in consequence of the Powers thereby granted,

[Lee. & Per.] 5 C ’ which

378

The Arts of 4 & 2i, Geo. 3. repealed.

Saving the Securities to Creditors.

Tru flees appointed by this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Gap. 24,

which Sums, together with the Tolls or Dirties collected, have been laid out in making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road, from Scots Dike to Haremojs, but the said Road cannot be effectually kept i,n Repair, nor the Money borrowed, and Inter'eft Due thereupon repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said former Acts be enlarged, and ifnless the Rate of Toll be augmented, and further Powers granted, and Regulations made: And whereas the several Purposes of the said recited Acts, would be more conveniently executed if the said Acts were repealed, and* further, and other compleat Powers granted, and Provifrons made for effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for repaying the Money borrowed, or to be borrowed for that Purpose: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Mult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af~ sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, shall from and after the Fifft General Meeting of the Trustees, appointed by the present Act, held in pursuance thereof, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, that the Securities granted to any Person or Persons for Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorised to be levied by the said recited Acts, and (till owing, shall not be prejudiced by the Repeal thereof, but the said Securities, shall attach upon the Tolls authorised by this Act to be levied, and Tolls shall accordingly be levied upon the said Road, until the Sums of Money owing are repaid.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act and during the Term hereby granted, every Per fore who is, or shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possefljon and Enjoyment, as Proprietor, or Life Renter of Lands, or Heritages, lying within the Parishes of Kirkpatrick Fleeming, Middle hie. Half Morton, Canonbie, Langholm, Ewis, Wester-kirk, or EJkdalemoor, in the County of Dumfries, or within the Parishes of CaJl/e(own, Cavers, Hawick, Wilton, Ashkirk, or Roberton, in the Counties of Roxburgh and Selkirk, the valued Rent of which Lands fhati appear, from the Valuation Books of the said Counties, to be not less than Two Hundred Pounds Scots; and all and every the Heirs Apparent of such Proprietors or Life Renters, one Tutor or Curator of every fuel* Proprietor or Life Renter, under Minority, Lunacy or Idiotifrn, one Trustee upon every Estate under Trust, of the valued Rent afore laid, one Manager for each Body Corporate, holding Lands of the valued Rent aforesaid; Sir fames Graham, Baronet, of Net her by, in the County of Cumberland; Adam Ogilvis, of Hart-wood Mires; William Keir, of Millholme, and the eldest Baillie of Hawick for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees, for fur-veying, making, repairing, altering, and keeping in Repair, and causing to be surveyed, made, repaired, altered, and kept in Repair, the said Road from Scots Dyke in the County of Dumfries, by, or through the Villages of Langholm, and Hawick, to Haremo/s in the County of Roxburgh, (which Road runs partly through the said County of Selkirk,) and for putting in Execution all the other Powers by this present Act given and

graated":

39-7

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

granted: Provided always, That none of the several Person* hereinbefore particularly named, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, unless he is possefled of Lands or Heritages lying in one or other of the said Counties, of the valued Rent above-mentioned, or is puffeded of a personal Estate alone, or real and personal Estate together, to the Amount of One Thousand Pounds Sterling.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Person not entitled to be a Penalty for Trustee by holding Property as aforesaid, or not hereby named Or act'ng> |f described, shall presume to act as a Trustee, such Person shall for- notlualifie^' feit and pay for every Offence the Sum ot Ten Pounds Sterling,

besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by any Trustee duly qualified, or by any Heritor of Lands, in either of the Counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh, or Selkirk, to be applied in repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road: Provded always that the Trustees appointed, if they NewTruf-i'ee it necessary, or expedient for the Execution of this Act, may elect one <ees may he Or more Trustees at a Meeting called by Advertisement as aftermentioned, ch°kn-for that Purpose, the Persons so elected being in the Enjoyment and Pof-iession of Lands, as Proprietors or Life Renters, lying within the Counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh, or Selkirk, of the valued Rene aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That at every Meeting of the Trustees ap- Quorum of pointed by this Act, Three shall be a Quorums and if a Quorum of Trustees. Trustees shall not attend at any Meeting, any One Trustee attending

shall have Power to adjourn, but not to do any other Business; and in case of none of the Trustees attending* the Clerk of the Meeting shall be empowered to call another Meeting of the Trustees to be held Ttufiees to within One Month aC' the same Place, in Manner after directed; W their and at ali such Meetings the Trustees assembled shall pay their own

* * i ences.

Expences.

VI. And be it enacted, That the First Meeting of the Trustees ap- Fir(! Meet-pointed by this Act shall be held at Mofspaul Inn, in the County of * of Roxburgh, as loon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may

be, with Power to choole a Prefer and Clerk of the Meeting, and to adjourn to such Time and Place in the Neighbourhood of the Road as the Trustees met shall think proper.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Trustees shall have Potver to appoint Power to ap. a Clerk, or Clerks, for the Purpose of recording their Proceedings, and point Clerks. afTffting them in transacting the Business of the Truth, with an adequate

Salary; and the Clerk appointed shall have full Power and Authority, when directed, by a Writing under the Hands of Two or more of the Trustees to whom he is Clerk, to call a Meeting to be held ar the usual Place, by Advertisement in Two of the Edinburgh News'papers, and any One of the Papers published in the Counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh, or Selkirk, according as the Meeting is to be held in the County of Dumfries, ot Roxburgh, or of Selkirk, Fourteen Days at least before the Day of Meeting, signirying specially the Purpose for which the Trustees are to convene; and no Person but the said Clerk shall have Power to call such Meetings, except in the Cafe of the Trustees failing to appoint a Clerk, or of the Death, Removal, or Refusal of such Clerk; in all which

Cafes

380

Clerks to keep Books.

Trustees may sue or be sued inName of iheir Clerk or Teafurer.

Power to continue and erect Turnpike Gates.

Property of Toll Houses, 4c. veiled in Trustees.

Penalty on injuring any Gate, &c.

Power to levy Tolls and appoint Collectors.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Cafes it shall be lawful to any Two Trustees to call such Meeting by Advertisement published as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Clerk shall keep a Book, in which he shall faithfully record all the Proceedings of the Trustees to whom he is Clerk; and the said Book shall be open at all Times to the Iti-spedlion of every Heritor of Lands within the Counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh, or Selkirk, without Fee or Reward; and if such Clerk tail to keep such Book, and tairhfully and regularly to record therein all the Proceedings of the Trustees to whom he is Clerk, be shall. for every Instance of Neglect, forfeit a Sum not exceeding One Year’s Salary to be iecovered at the Instance of One or more of the Trustees, and to be applied in repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Trustees may sue and be foed in every Thing relating to the Execution of this Act, in the Name of t;:eir Clerk, or Treasurer for the Time being, and no Action carried on by them, cither as Pursuers or Defenders, in the Name of their Clerk, or Treasurer, shall cease or determine by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or Treasurer, but the Clerk, or Treasurer for the Time being shall be heid to be Party in every such Action.

X. And be it enacted, That ihe Trustees hereby appointed may continue the Turnpike Gates, Toll-Houses, and their Appurtenances already credted under the said Two former Acts, and they shall have Power to erect other Turnpike Gates, as they shall see Caule, in, upon, across, or on the Sides of the said Road, or upon the End of any Path or Lane leading into or out of such Road, with a Toll-House, Stable, and Garden for each Turnpike Gate erected, the Ground for any One Toll-House, Stable, and Garden not exceeding the Fourth Part of an English Acre, which they are empowered to purchase, or take in Lease for that Purpose, as also to build Walls, or Fences, on or near the Sides of the said Road, to prevent Travellers from avoiding Payment of the Tolls, or Duties by this Act; and the Right of all such Ground, with all the Turnpike Gates, Toll-Houses, Stables, Gardens, and Fences built or to be built thereon, whether held by Purchase or by Lease, shall be vested in the Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and for no other Purpose whatever; and if any Person, or Persons, shall maliciously, or through Carelessness, demolish, destroy, or otherwise injure any Turnpike Gate, Chain, Bar, Wall, Fence, Toll-House, Stable, or Garden thereto belonging, or any Bridge or Mile-stone, or other Appurtenance built or erected, or that shall be erected upon the said Road, or shall forcibly pass through any of the said Turnpike Gates, without paying Toll, or Duty, or assault and maitreat the Keeper thereof, while in the Exercise of his Office, or shall assist in the Rescue of any Person, or Persons in Custody for the like Offences, every Person, or Persons so offending, shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered by the said Trustees, or by the Person having their Authority to prosecute for it.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and are hereby empowered to demand and take Toll or Duty at each of the Turnpike

Gates

381

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

(iates erected, or to be erected j and for receiving the said Toll or Duty, to appoint Collectors, Receivers, and Treasurers, with adequate Salaries for their Trouble; which Collectors, Receivers, and Treasurers, shall give Security to the Trustees for the faithful Discharge of their Duty, and may be changed or removed from Office as the Trustees shall fee cause.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Trustees shall fix the Rates of the Toller Duties to be demanded and taken at each Turnpike Gateereded or to be erected, annually, or as often as they shall see cause for altering, increasing, or lessening the fame, not exceeding the Rates hereinafter mentioned; and it shall be lawful for them to levy and collect the said Tolls or Duties by such Receivers as they shall appoint, or to let the fame by Public Roup in Whole or in Parcels, for the best Rent that can be got, and to such Person or Persons as shall give sufficient Surety for Payment of such Rent, provided that noLeafeof the said Tolls, or Duties be made, at One Time, for a longer Term than Three Years.

XIII. And be it enacted.That before any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, be permitted to pals any of the Turnpike Gates erected, on the said Road, or to be erected, it shall be lawful for the Trustees, their Collectors, Receivers, Treasurers, or Tacksmen, to demand and take the Tolls and Duties so fixed, not exceeding the following Rates, videlicet:

For every Coach, or other Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five or Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Threepence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Scerling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, used for carrying Articles of Commerce or Consumption, and drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ninepence Scerling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling j and drawn by One Horse, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Threepence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, with or without a Rider, loaded or not loaded, but not drawing, the Sum of Threepence Sterling:

For every Drove of Black Cattle, Horses, Mules, or Asses, unffiod, the Sum of One Shilling and Eightpence Sterling, for each Score, and so in proportion for a greater or a lelfer Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, Goars, or Kids, the Sum of Fivepence Sterling, for each Score, and so in proportion fora greater or lelfer Number.

Loc. fc? Per. 5 D

Power to diminish the Tolls.'

Tolls.

Power to compound for Tolls.

Tolls to be demandable at every Six Miles only.

Tolls not to be payable more than once in the same Day.

Exemptions,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees shall have Power, instead of demanding and taking Toll or Duty, according to the Rates abovementioned, to compound for any Period not exceeding Three Years, with any Person or Persons, for his or their Horses, Carriages, or other Cattle, passing through One or more of the said Turnpike Gates-, and Copies of all such Compositions shall be entered by the Clerk of the Trustees in the Book, to be kept by him for recording their Proceedings; and shall be open to the Inspection of every Person or Persons interested, at all real'onable Times, without Pee or Reward.

XV. And be it enacted, That where the Toll or Duty, authorised by this Act, shall be demanded and taken for any Carriage and Horse or Horses, or for any Horse, or other Cattle, at any One of the Turnpike Gates erected, or to be erected, on the said Road, Toll or Duty shall not be demanded or taken a Second Time for the fame Carriage and Horses, or Horse, or other Cattle, within the Distance of Six Statute Miles from the Gate at which the Toll or Duty was paid; and every Person so paying shall be entitled to demand a Ticket from the Keeper of the Gate, which Ticket shall exempt the fame Carriage and Horse, or Horses, or other Cattle, from Toll or Duty at every other Gate within Six Miles of that at which the said Toll or Duty was paid.

XVI. And be it enacted, That Toll or Duty shall not be demanded and taken for the fame Carriage and Horse or Horses, or for the fame Horse, or other Cattle, passing and repairing the fame Turnpike Gate oftener than Once in a Day, computing from Midnight to Midnight.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle carrying Materials for repairing, or keeping in Repair the said Road, or any of the Bridges, causeways, or Fences connected therewith, or for repairing any other Public Road, Bridge, causeway, or Fence connected therewith, within the Counties of Roxburgh, Selkirk, or Dumfries-, nor for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, carrying Dung to any Land or Field, to be used upon the said Land or Field; nor carryingCorn, Hay, Straw, or Crop of any Kind, to or from any Land or Field in the natural Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Corn, Hay, Straw, or other Crop does belong; nor carrying Corn to any Mill to be made into Meal for the Family Uleof the Owner or Owners of such Corn; nor for Meal made from such Corn returning from the Mill, without Prejudice to the taking of Toll, or Duty for Corn, Play, Straw, Meal, or other Crop carried for Sale, or in conl'equence of a prior Sale; nor shall Toll be taken for any Horse, or other Cattle, going to or from a Smith’s Shop to be shod, nor going to or from Water or Pasture; neither shall Toll be demanded, or taken for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle carrying any Person or Persons passing or repairing any of the Turnpike Gates, to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, and situated within the Parish where such Person, or Persons have their ul'ual Residence, upon the Sabbath Day, or any other Day on which Divine Service is, by Public Authority, to be celebrated; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, in passing or repairing, carrying any Person or Person

383

4.7° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Persons to, from, or with the Funeral of any Person who is to be btiried in the same Parish in which he or she died; nor for any Carriage, or Horse or Horses carrying any Clergyman, upon his Ministerial Duty, within his own Parish; nor for Carriages, Horses, or Cattle of any Description, in going or returning when employed in carrying Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-master General j nor for the Horses of Officers and Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, in conveying the Arms or Baggage of Officers, Soldiers, or Seamen on Duty, or in carrying any SiclT, Wounded, or Disabled Officers, Soldiers, or Seamen; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding used or to be used by any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, ingoing to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise; provided always that such Person shall be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and have his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the established Regulations of such Corps; nor for Carriages, Horles, or other Cattle conveying Vagrants or Criminals, under legal Warrants.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall claim and receive the Benefit of any of the aforesaid Exemptions, who is not entitled to the fame, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to the Trustees, or any Person having their Authority to prosecute for the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Keeper of a Turnpike Gate shall, by himself or any other Person employed by him, demand and take a higher Rate of Toll, or Duty, than that which he shall be authorised to take by the Trustees, or shall demand and take Toll, or Duty, for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle exempted by this Act, or shall neglect to give constant Attendance at all Hours, or to give free and ready Pal-sage to any Person, or Persons, willing to pay the Toil for their Carriages, Horses, or other Cattle, or shall assault, maltreat, or insult any Person, or Persons passing or repassing the Gate kept by him, he shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be recovered by the Person or Persons aggrieved, on a summary Complaint before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute, or Sheriff Substitute of the County of Roxburgh, or of Dumfries., or of Selkirk, as the Offence shall be committed in One or other of the said Counties.

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or the Persons authorised by them, shall have a Right to demand and.take the Rate of Toll, or Duty fixed for the Time by the Trustees, for every Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle subject to the Payment thereof, before such Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle be permitted to pass any of the Turnpike Gates erected under this Act; and if after Demand made, any Person or Persons shall refule or neglect to pay the fame for any Carnage, Horse, or other Cattle belonging to them, or in their Custody, such Person or Persons, besides the Toll or Duty, shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling; and it shall be lawful for the Keeper of the Turnpike Gate to seize, and detain the Carnage, Horses, or other Cattle, with their

Loading,

Penalty on claiming Exemptions, when not entitled.

Penalty is case of Col* lefiors demanding more than the legal Rates or otherwise misbehaving.

Penalty on refilling to pay the ToJl.

384 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Loading, for which the Toll ought to be paid, in Security thereof, and of the Penalty aforesaid, as also to apprehend the Person or Persons so refu-sing or neglecting, and to carry him or them before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute, of the County in which the Offence is committed, or of any other County in which the Offender can be first apprehended; and upon Proof of such Neglect or Refusal, by Confession of the Offender upon Oath, by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other legal Evidence, the said Justice or Justices, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, shall be, and hereby are empowered and required to grant Warrant for levying the said Toll, or Duty, and Penalty, with the necessary Charges of recovering the fame, by Distress and Sale of the Carriages, Horses, or other Cattle, for which the Toll or Duty was refused or neglected to be paid, or of the Goods with which they were loaded, or of any other Goods or Chattels which belong to the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing: and if the said Toll, or Duty, Penalty, and Charges cannot be made effectual by such Distress and Sale, the said Justice or Justices, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, shall commit the Person of the Offender to Gaol, for any Space not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unlessthe Toll or Duty, Penalty and Charges awarded, be sooner paid.

Compenfa-

XXI. And be it enacted, That if the Trustees, or any of the Keepers of wheiMobY’ t^ic'r Toll Gates, shall compound with any Person for Toll or Duty, at one or more of the Turnpike Gates upon the said Road, the Composition shall be paid in such Proportions, and at such Times as the Trustees shall appoint, or as shall be agreed upon: and if the said Composition be not paid within Fifteen Days of the Time or Term at which it becomes due, it shall be lawful for the Trustees, or for the Keeper of such Gate or Gates, to apply by summary Petition setting forth the Fast, to any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or to the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute of the County in which the Person compounded with shall have his ordinary Residence, and upon Oath being made by the Party petitioning, that the Composition has not been paid as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, and they are required, to grant Warrant for making the same effectual, by Distress and Sale of the readied Goods and Chattels of the Person compounded with; and in case sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found, to commit his Person to Gaol for any Space not exceeding Two Months, unless the said Composition be sooner paid.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons owning or occupying Lands, or other Premises, shall knowingly and wittingly permit any other Person to pass over or through the fame with any Carriage, Horse,or other Cattle, or shall open any private Road whereby Payment of the Toll or Duty authorilied to be taken by this Act, shall be avoided, every Person guilty of such Offence, and the Person or Persons riding in, driving, or owning, such Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, besides the Toll and Duty shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, together with the Colts of making the same effectual,

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take off any Horse or other Beast of Draught from any Coach, Waggon, or

other

said.

Penalty on permitting Persons to evade the Toils.

Penalty on taking off Horses to

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2\. 3^5

other Carriage, at or before the same shall come to any of the Turnpike evade Pay-Gates erected, or to be erected on the said Road, with Intent to avoid ment' Payment of any Part of the Toll or Duty, to which loch Carriage,

Horse, or other Cattle is liable, every Person guilty of such Offence, beside the Toll or Duty, shall forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, together with the necessary Cods of making the larne effectual.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if the Keeper of any of the Toll Gates, Penalty on_

or any ColWdtor of the Tolls or Duties, authorised to be taken by this of

A8j shall fell, or fraudulently dispose of any Note or Ticket signifying

the Payment of any of the said Tolls or Duties j or if any Person having such Note or Ticket shall dispose thereof to any other Person in order to avoid Payment of the said Toll or Duty, every such Keeper, or other Person felling or disposing of such Note or Ticket, as well as the Person receiving the fame, with Intent of avoiding Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, respectively for every such Offence a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, over and above the Toll or Duty that shoulU have been paid, together with the necessary Lofts of making the lame effectual.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Trustees, if they think it necessary or Power to expedient, for repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road more ex- borrow peditiously and effectually, shall be and are hereby empowered to borrow Money-from Time to Time such Sums of Money as they shall find necessary

or expedient for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that the Capital Sum or Sums, borrowed by them, shall not exceed, at any One Time,

Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, in which Sum of Ten thousand Pounds is to be included, the Money advanced and borrowed under the said Two former Acts.

XX Vf. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees to Andtoaffigo assign the Tolls or Duties, authorised to be taken by this Add, or Part the Tolls to thereof, to the Person or Persons from whom they shall borrow Money ,t,he.person as aforesaid, in Security and Payment of the Sum or Sums so bor- ing" rowed, with Interest at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum Tier Annum: and all such Assignments shall be entered in

the Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks of the Trustees for recording their Proceedings; which Book or Books may be perused at all reasonable Times, by any Person having an Interest in such Loans, or by any Heritor of Land within the Counties of Roxburgh, Dumfries, or Selkirk: Provided always, that no Resolution for borrowing Money on the Credit of the said Tolls or Duties shall be entered inco by the Trustees, but at a Meeting convened for that special Purpose, in Terms of this Act as before mentioned: And provided always, that no Trustee,

or other Person, by executing such Assignment of the Tolls or Duties, or by receiving the Money so borrowed, shall be subjected personally in Repayment of the fame, or any Part thereof, unless he or they shall at the same Time come under a personal Obligation to that Effect.

XXVII. And be it enacted.That the free Produce of the said Tolls or Application Duties, as well as the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, shall be, of Tolli and

[Loc. Per.J 5 E vested Money bor-

SU 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

vclkd in the Trustees for fulfilling and carrying into Execution-the Purposes of this Act.; in the fuft Place for defraying the Expence of passing this Aftitlelf, so far as the Money in the Hands of the Cashiers under the said former Two Acts shall be deficient; in the second Place, after deducing the necessiuy Expence of Management, for altering, amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road; and in the third Place in Security and Payment of the Money that shall be borrowed under this Act, with the Money already borrowed on the Authority of the said Two former Acts; and if any of the Trustees shall apply any Part of the Produce of the Tolls, or of the Money so borrowed, to any Purpose not sanctioned by this Act, such Trustee shall be liable to refund the Money so misapplied, with all necessary Costs and Charges, by an Action, at the Instance of any Trustee, or of any Creditor to whom the Tolls or Duties stand aligned, or of any Heritor of Land, within the County of Roxburgh, of Selkirk, or of Dumfries, before the Judge Ordinary of the Place, in which the Trustee guilty of such Misapplication shall have his ordinary Residence.

Treasurers,

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Treasurers, Receivers, Keepers &c. to give of Gates, and other Persons employed by the Trustees, in receiving, or dil-Sccunty. burfing the Produce of the Tolls or Duties, and Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, shall find Security for the regular and faithful Discharge of the Duty of their respective Offices, and shall make a faithful Account of all the Money received and disbursed by them, with the Vouchers thereof, at such Times, and as often as the Trustees shall appoint, and shall pay over the Balance or Balances remaining in their Hands to the Trustees, or to such other Person or Peri'onsas they shall authorise to receive such Balance or Balances j and if any Person entrusted by the Trustees, in receiving or disposing of any Part of the Funds granted by this Act, shall fail in making such Account, or in paying over such Balance or Balances, such Person shall forfeit and pay double the Sum unaccounted for to the Trustees, or to any other Person having their Authority to prosecute for it, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

Committees

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Trustees may appoint Committees maybeap. of their own Number to take the Care and Management of particular pointed. parts Qf the said Road, if that shall be deemed expedient, as well as of the Toils raised on such particular Parts, and the Money borrowed, or to be borrowed for such Parts, which Committees so appointed may exercise all the Powers granted by this Act, in proportion to che said Parts of the said Road, according to such Instructions, Rules, and Regulations as shall be given and laid down by the said Trustees, in a General Meeting assembled, confident with this Act; and the said Trustees may appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors, or authorise their Committees to appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Road, or any particular Part thereof ■, and such Committees and Surveyors may direct the repairing and keeping in Repair such Part or Parts of the Road as shall be entrusted to their Care, and may draw upon the Treasurers or Collectors, for the Money laid out by them in the Discharge of their respective Trusts; but such Committees and Surveyors shall always be accountable for the Money which they shall draw, or which shall be en-Penalty on trusted to their Disposal, according to the said Instructions, Rules, and Committees Regulations to be made by the Trustees generally; and if they embezzle miripplying or tnilapply any Part thereof, they shall forfeit and pay double the Sum so misapplied or embezzled, to the Trustees, or any Person having Funds. their

3«7

47' GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

their Authority to profecuce for it, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXX. And be it enacted, That for repairing and keeping in Repair the Power to said Road, the Trustees shall have Power determined by themselves, or by such Persons

as they shall authorise, to build Bridges and Arches of Stone, Brick, or " E*s‘ Timber, and to cause Old and Decayed Bridges to be taken down, and apolied for the Purposes of this Act; and also to cause such Parts of the Road as are not of sufficient Breadth to be widened, not exceeding Forty Feet, exclusive of Foot Paths, arid of the Ditches that shall be necessary for conveying away and keeping the Road free from Water j as also to alter the Course of any Part of the said Road, and to direct a new Course to be followed, where they shall judge such Alteration to be necessary or expedient for promoting the Public Intcrcourse.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of widening, or of al- Powers as to ing the Course of the said Road, it shall be lawful for the Trustees or other

Persons having their Authority, to enter into and upon all Grounds en- Road"'"2 closed, or uninclosed, and to pull down and remove all Houses,

Fences, and other Impediments that shall (land in the Way of such widening or Alteration, paying always the full Value of the Damage done thereby, to the Owners and Occupiers or others interested in such Lands,

Houses, and other Impediments: Provided always that no Dwelling-house fra a 11 be pulled down or removed, without Notice in Writing given to the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling-house Six Months previous to the next Term of IVbitfunday j nor any Out-house, without Three Months such Notice, previous to the next Term cf. Whitsunday, nor shall any Lands inclosed or uninclosed be entered upon, or taken Possession of, without Four Months such Notice, previous to the putting in of the next Crop, if under Culture, and if in Grass Three Months previous to the First Day of March, to the Owners or Occupiers of such Land,

XXXII. And be it enacted That, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Powerto and they are hereby empowered to concrad and agree with all Bo- *8ree for dies Politic or Corporate, and all Persons holding Lands under En- Ground* ° tail, or subjrd to Life Rents, or other Incumbrances, with Tutors, Curators, Trustees, and every other Person, though under legal Disability; and

all such Persons are hereby empowered and required to contract and agree with the Trulters, and to fell, let, and convey to them, all such Lmds, Houses, or other Premises, as shall be necessary for repairing, altering, or widening the said Road and the Foot Paths, on the Side thereof, or for pulling down or erecting any Toll Gates, Bar, Chain, Fence, Toll House, Stable, Garden, or any other Building necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That, in the taking Poflfdlion of the OnDlfagree-Ground necessary for repairing, altering, or widening the said Road or for lnent with any 1 oil House, Garden, or Stable, or other Purpose of this Act, or if ®"Jners’ t[|'e in removing any House, Fence, or other Impediment, the respective afemained Owners or Occupiers of such Lands, Houses, or other Impediments, ty a Jar/, shall not come to a voluntary Agreement with the Trustees for the Value

thereof, or for the Damage sustained by, and the Recompence to be made v; such Owners or Occupiers, it shall be lawful to cither Party

to

388

Expence of Jury, by whom to be paid.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. i4.

to apply to the Sheriff Depute, or Sheriff Substitute, of the Cnu'ntv of Roxburgh, of Dumfries, or of Selkirk, as the Case may be, who Dial I be empowered to determine the fame, with all Cfts that mav arise therefrom; and the said Sheriff Depute, or Sheriff Substitute, shall summon a Jury, to consist of not fewer than Nine Qualified Persons, to inquire into the V alue of such Ground, Houses, or other Impediments, into the Damage sustained by the Proprietors, and into the Rec mi-pence to be made by the Trustees for such Damage; and the Jury being sworn and impanelled, shall return a verdict upon the Matters fubmtttei to their Inquiry and Judgmenc, which shall be final; and the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall adjudge the Va'ue and Recompence thereby awarded, to be paid to the Person or Persons having Right thereto; ai d upon the Sum awarded being paid by the Trustees to the Person or Persons to whom they have been so adjudged, or in case of his, her, or their refusing to accept, upon being consigned in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or in the Hands of the Manager of any Branch of either of the said Banks, kept within the Counties of Dumfries, of Roxburgh, or of Selkirk the Trustees shall have right to remove the Owners and Occupiers of such Ground, Houses, or other Premises, to enter into the Poffrfliin and Life thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid, as fully and eft'effually as if such Owners or Occupiers had executed regular D tfpositions of the fame, and Infeftment had followed in favour of the Trustees; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriffs Depute, or their Substitute, shall be final and not removeable or questionable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suspension to or by any other Court whatsoever, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event of such Jury awarding a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by;the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally, but in case the Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and on the other Hand if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cales where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence be prevenred from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees: And provided also, tlut after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into, or upon such Lands or Houses, for the Purposes of this Act, and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees, on Pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid; and in case any Person interested shall apply for and obtain from any Judge competent a Warrant for flopping the Execution of any of the Purposes to be carried on under the Authority of this Act, the said Judge shall be, and is hereby empowered and directed to recal such Warrant, or remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the Trustees

9

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

tees therein named, for the Amount of such Damages as may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing for the fame, and ascertained io Manner hereinbefore prescribed.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That whatever Money shall be paid by Money pay-Agreement, or by Award as aforesaid, for Lands, Tenements, Houses, or abletoPcr-other Subjects, so taken or used by the Trustees, which were held under £ norer Entail, or subject to Liferent Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or belong- Disabllity, ing to any Corporation, Married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, how to be or other Person under Legal Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in dHposed of. case the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, shall be un- If 200I. and der the Authority and Direction of the Court of Session, and shall, with- upwards, out Delay, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland,

or such other Bank as the Court shall direct, upon the highest Interest that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation and by the Authority of the said Court, in the Purchase of the Land-Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or affecting other Lands or Houses belonging to the fame Persons, and settled to the fame or like Uses, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when such Money cannot be applied to these or like Purposes, then the same shall be laid out in the Purchase, or on the Security of other Lands, Houses, and Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof shall be devised to the same Person or Persons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Series of Heirs, for the same Uses and Purposes, and under the fame Provisions, Conditions, and Limitations, as the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects, taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, were devised and settled, or such of them as shall be then existing, and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean Time, until such Purchase or Security can be effected, the Interest: of such Money shall be paid, by Authority of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who, for the Time would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Subjects so taken and used by the Trustees.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That if such Money be less than Two Iflcfs th»n hundred Pounds, but shall exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then, ac the Two Hon-Option of the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would have been and ove^’ entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land, Houses, or other Subjects Twenty^ conveyed to or taken by the Trustees, for the Purposes of this Act, to be Pounds, signified in Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hands

of their Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, in Cafes of Minority, Lunacy, or Trust, to be paid into One or other of the said Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before directed or otnerwil'e the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more Trustees under this Act, in order that such Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner before directed, so far as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall make it practicable.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That where such Money shall be less than If less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the same shall be applied to the Use of Twent3' the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, would have been entitled Pounds*

[Lor. is? Per.] 5 F to

390

4-7a GEORGII III. Cap.' 24*

to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects so taken and conveyed for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Trustees, or any Three or more of them shall think fir; or in case of Trust, to his or their Trustees, or in case of Minority or Lunacy, to his, her, or their Tuiots or Curators, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in cate such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be law-vaid into°the to anc* *or c^e Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order Bank. the ^alc* Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, (describing Subjefl to the them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Court of thC Sessionj which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons Session. making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meer, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cartiiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into a',fe‘oujshing the said Banks, in purl'uance of this Act, for the Purchase of futh Money0 any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or of any Estate, Right, or Incereft, in any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under/uch Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, according to such PoffdTion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satis-faction of the said Court of Session j and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Pofidfion was a wrongful Polfeftion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to

In case of not making out Tulta, Sec.

Purchase

39*

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2^.

such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or to fame Estate or Interest therein.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by rea so of sny Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase ot other Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Trustees, to their Committees, to their Surveyors, or to the Persons acting under their Orders, or under their Authority, to make such Ditches and Drains as shall be necessary for conveying Water from the said Road, or keeping the Road free from Water, through the Grounds contiguous or adjacent thereto, and to maintain and keep up such Ditches and Drains; as also to open Pits and Quarries, and to dig and carry away Stones, Gravel, and other Materials, necessary for repairing, altering, or widening, the said Road, or for erecting and repairing Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and other Buildings under this Act, from any Ground contiguous or adjacent thereto; provided the fame can be done with Safety to the Passage of the Road, and shall not be the Ground on which any House stands, nor Ground used for the Avenue to any House, for a Garden, Orchard, Kurfery for Trees, or Plantation of Trees; and in like Manner to dig and carry away all such Materials from the Bed or Channel of any River or Rivulet, within the Counties of Roxburgh, Dumfries, or Selkirk, provided it can be done without Injury likely to arise to any Public Building or Work, or to the Property of any Individual, the Trustees, or the Persons employed by them, filling up and levelling all such Pits and Quarries as shall be opened by them, and surrounding them with sufficient Fences while they are kept open, and paying all Damage thereby done to the Owners or Occupiers, or other Persons interested in them, which Damage shall be ascertained, in case of Difference between the said Trustees and the said Owners or Occupiers, or others interested, by any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh, or Selkirk, as the Case may be, or by the ShenffDcpute, or Sheriff Substitute of the said Counties respectively.

XLII. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig, gather, or take away any Materials for altering, widening, repairing, or keeping in Repair the said Hoad, or other Purpose of this Act, until Ten Days, Notice, in Writing, shall have been given to the Proprietors or Occupiers of the Lands, cr others, from which such Materials arc intended to be taken or shall have been left for such Proprietors or Occupiers, or their ordinary

Agents,

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchasers to be paid by Trustees.

Power to make

Ditches and Drains.

To take Materials for the Roads, &c.

Notice being

previously

given.

39* 47° GEORG 11 111. Cap. 24.

Agents, at their usual Places of Residence, to appear before the Trustees, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh, or Selkirk, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be taken from such Lands, Rivers, Brooks, or others; and in case such Proprietors or Occupiers shall atcer.d, purluanc to such Notice, the Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or the said Justices, shall, if they think fit, authorise the Person or Persons aforesaid, to dig, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times, as they shall think proper, and if such Owners or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to appear by themselvesor their Agents, the said Trustees or Justices may and shall make such Order thereupon, as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually as if such Proprietors or Occupiers, or their Agents had attended.

Inclosures on

XLIII. And be it enacted, That after the Commencement of this

the Sides of Act, every Person who shall inclose Land upon the Sides of the said Road

the Road. withHedge and Ditch, shall make the Ditch and plant th eThorns towards the Field to be inclosed, and lay the Soil or Mould taken out of the Ditch towards the Road, leaving sufficient Breadth of Ground between the Bank and Road for a Conduit to convey Water along the Sides of the Road and into the Ditch; and every Person who shall find it convenient to make a Passage into any Field from the said Road, shall make sufficient Conduits upon the Sides thereof, lb as to give a free Passage to the Water running along the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees, their Surveyor or Surveyors, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings Sterling; and that where Dikes or Ditches are now, or shall be made hereafter, on the Sides of the said Road, by the Owners or Occupiers of Lands adjacent thereto, such Owners or Occupiers shall be obliged to repair and keep up such Dikes, and to cleanse such Ditches regularly, when required by the Trustees, or by any other Person acting under their Authority; and if any Trees, Bushes, or Hedges, shall hurt or annoy any Part of the said Road, the Trustees, or any Person acting under their Authority, shall require the Owners or Occupiers, as the Case may be, to lop and prune the fame: and if such Owners or Occupiers, when required in Writing, and at the proper Seasons for such Operations, shall refuse or neglect to repair such Dikes, or to cleanse such Ditches, or to lop or prune such Trees, Bullies, or Hedges, it shall be lawful to the Trustees to employ proper Persons for repairing, cleansing, lopping, and pruning as aforesaid, the Expence whereof shall be recovered from the said Owners or Occupiers, in an Action, at the Instance of the Trustees, or Persons acting under their Orders, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute of the Counties of Dumfries, of Roxburgh, or of Selkirk, as the Case may be; and the said Sheriffs and Justices of the Peace are authorized and required to enforce and give Effect to the Orders of the Trustees in ail these Points.

Nuifences on

XLIV. And be it eradled, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or the Read. Persons, in tilling or dressing any Ground upon the Sides of the said Road, to turn any Plough, Cart, or other Instrument of Husbandry thereupon, or on the Ditches or Drains thereto belonging, nor the Cattle employed with such Instruments of Husbandry; nor to lay down or leave any Carrion, or other Nuisance, except in case of Accident, upot) the said Road, or upon the

Streets

393

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Streets of any Town or Village through which the same shall pass, or within Twenty Yards thereof; nor to lay down Lime, Sand, Wood, Iron, Rubbish, or other Materials, upon the said Road, except for building Fences, or repairing the Road, or within Five Yards thereof, where the Ground is not inclosed; nor to draw, or cause to be drawn, any Tree, Timber, or other Weighty Material along or across the said Road, otherwise than in a Wheel-Carriage or Sledge; nor without Necessity to leave Carts, or other Carriages, loaded or unloaded, upon any Part of the said Road, or upon the Streets of any of the Towns or Villages through which it does or shall pass, for any longer Period of Time than shall be necessary for loading or unloading the fame; nor to dig Holes or Pits upon the said Roads or Streets; nor to turn any Water-course upon, or prevent the free Passage of Water from or along the said Road, whereby the same shall (land or stagnate thereupon; and every Person guilty of any of the said Offences, shall forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shilling Sterling.

XLV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of Buildings this Act, no House, nor other Building shall be built or erected so as to ^ot " encroach on the Road, or the Foot-paths on the Sides thereof; and ^etnecro°ch9 if any House or Building shall be so erected, the Sheriff Drpute or on the Road Sheriff Substitute of the County, or any Two or more Justices of and Foot-the Peace thereof, shall be and hereby are authorised and required to P*1*15-cause the same to be demolished and removed, upon Complaint made by the Trustees, or by any Person acting under their Authority; and every Person offending against this Provision shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, beside the Expence of pulling down and removing the Materials of such House or Building, to be applied to the repairing of the said Road.

XLVI. And be it emdled, That no Driver of any Carriage, loaded or Manner of unloaded, or of any loaded Horse or other Cattle, shall drive, or per- driving Car-mit the same to travel upon the said Road, abreast or alongside of any "a£*s on the other Carriage, loaded or unloaded, or of any other loaded Horse, or other Roi ’

Cattle, and that all such Carriages, Horles, or other Cattle loaded, shall follow one another in a Line, but so as the Wheels of any Carriage or Carriages following, shall not run in the fameTradl with the Wheels of any Carnage or Carriages preceding it or them; and the Driver of every Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, loaded or not loaded, shall be obliged, in meeting with any other Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle to make Way, by keeping or driving to the left; or what is commonly called to the near Side, and in overtaking any other Carriage, to the right or off Side, and that without Distinction, whether such Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle be loaded or not loaded; and every Person offending in the Premises shall forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to the Trustees, or any Person having their Authority to prosecute for the fame, beside all Damage or Cods, to the Person or Persons injured or aggrieved by the Offence.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That if the Trustees, at any General or Or sof Committee Meeting, shall determine in any Matter in execution of the Tru"«° not Powe-s committed to them by this Act, such Determination shall not be to be aliered annulled or altered, nor any Order contrary thereto be issued by any fuble wi,hoot No* [Iw.tfP-r.] SG ' quest', Ce-

394

Trustees not toroid Places of P ofit under this Act,

Trustees may act as Justices.

Power to

Justices to ihut up Bye-Roads and Fords.

Penalties; how to be recovered.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

quest Meeting, unless such subsequent Meeting be called upon Fourteen Days’ Notice, by Advertisement in Two at least of the Edinburgh Newspapers, Roxburgh or Selkirkjhtre Newspapers, or the Dumfries Newspapers, as the Case may be, signifying the Time and Place of such Meeting, as well as the Purpose for which it is called.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That if any of the Trustees shall accept of any Place of Profit under this Act. such Trustee shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee, during the Enjoyment of such Place of Profit j and as often as he shall act in the Capacity of a Trustee, during such Enjoyment, he shall be subject to the Penalty of Ten Pounds Sterling.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be no Objection to any Person acting as a Justice of Peace or Judge, in any Matter relative to this Act, that he is hereby appointed a Trustee, except where he is personally interested, in which Cafe he shall not fit nor aft as Justice of the Peace or Judge, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Sterling, for every Time he shall so fit or aft j but in every other Cafe, it shall be lawful for him to fit or aft as fully as if he were not appointed it Trustee.

L. And be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said respective Counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh, and Selkirk, upon the Application of a Quorum of the Trustees hereby appointed, to cause any unnecessary Bye-Roads to be (hut up, and such Fords in the Rivers EJk, Ewes, or Tiviot, as they shall judge of little Consequence to the Public Intercourse, to be (hut up, due Notice being always given to every Person interested, that they may be heard why the said Bye-Roads or Fords should not be fhuc up or flopped.

LI. And be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under the Authority of this Act, the Recovery of which is not specially provided for, may be recovered by summary Complaint, at the Instance of the Trustees, or of any Person acting by their Orders, before the Sheriff Depute, or Sheriff Substitute, or before any One or more of he Justices of the Peace of the County in which the Offence shall be committed, or in which the Offender can be first apprehended; and the Fast being verified, and proved by the Confession of the Offender, upon Oath, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by other legal Evidence, the said Sheriffs and Justices of the Peace shall beauthorised and required to grant Warrant for poinding and felling the readied moveable Goods of the Offender, to the Amount of the Penalty incurred, with the Expence of such Warrant and Execution thereof, returning the Overplus, if any there be; and if it shall appear to the said Sheriffs or Justices, that such Offenders have not sufficient Goods within their respective Jurisdictions, or upon Execution returned by their respective Officers, that Goods sufficient are not to be found, it shall be lawful to them, and they are hereby authorised and required to commit the Person of the Offender to Gaol, for any Space not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty and Expences shall be sooner paid: Provided always, that all Actions for Penalties incurred under

the Authority of this Act, shall be prol'ecuted within Six Calendar

Months

395

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Months from the Time of committing the Offence, otherwise they shall Cease and determine; and all Penalties and Cods recovered by the Trustees, or any Person prosecuting by their Orders, shall be applied towards repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

LII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think themselves aggrieved by any Order of the Trustees, or by any Thing done in consequence of such Order, or by any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, every Person so aggrieved or injured, where no other Remedy is provided by this Act, may complain by Summary Petition, to the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute, or to the Justices of the Peace assembled in their General Quarter Sessions for the County of Dumfries, of Roxburgh, or of Selkirk, as the Case may be, and such Sheriffs and Justices are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine all such Cases as shall be brought before them, and their Determination shall be final and conclusive against all Parties.

LIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LIV. And be it enacted, That the Powers of this Act shall commence and take place from the First Meeting of the Trustees held in pursuance thereof, and shall be in full Force, and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Appeal in case of being aggrieved.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

J V ) . . c

, s. "i.

v. _ S i j*, ti:» -; nji ift:o

: 17 . . I <;• t r ,-f*r; m J >1

."J 1©J- . i \. n ■' , ;■ ', C

jn.M

: I ' <■• r* ' '•

, \ re.

if ■... j t - ■: 2 ’ IV < ' 'l<'

43-3.:

v/9vP

•.i. - . i f

ItVr , J

i ‘ V.T

• t:» l

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 25.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Foxley Hatch, in the Parish of Croydon, into the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from a certain Place called Foxley Hatch, in the Parish of Croydon, through the several Parishes and Places called Croydon, Beddington, Coulfdon, Chipstead, Merftham, Nuffield, Gatton, and Reigate, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Reigate, in the said County, being a very public and much frequented Road, is, in many Parts thereof, circuitous and narrow, and much out of Repair; and by reason of many sudden Turnings therein, and of a very steep Hill, and of the great Number of Carriages and Iiorfes daily passing and repairing thereon, is become in many Parts exceedingly ruinous and unlafe, notwithstanding the said several Parishes have yearly performed their Statute Duty on the said Road: And whereas, the altering, widening, and amending of the said Road leading from Foxley Hatch, aforesaid, to the said Town of Reigate, would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Croydon and Reigate, and to the circumjacent Country, and would be of great public Utility; but as such Purpose cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

May it therefore pleai’e your Majesty; That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Trullees. Right Honourable William Russell, commonly called Lord William Ruff ell.

Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and the Knights of the Shire for the Time being f. r the said County of Surrey, Sir Charles Burrell, Baronet, Sir Thomas Turton, Baronet, The Honourable John William Ward, Sir James Alexander, Knight, Sir Robert Burnett, Knight, William Draper Bejl, Allen Apfiey,

George Adams, John Brickwood, Thomas Byron, Thomas Bainbridge, James [Lee. & ter. J 5 H Blackwell,

398

No Act valid onless at a Meeting.

Majority empowered to act.

Chairman to have the catling Vote.

Power to appoint new Trade es.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Blackwell, Richard Boll on, Richard Bolton Junior, Robert Baxall, William Brown, John Bar chard, Henry Byne, John Bristow, William Bristow, Jcfi-ah Bell, Willi am Brown, Robert Chatjieid, William Coles, Thomas Coles, George Coles, John Carter, William Chalfield, William Nevil Cameron, James Cox, William Cluttcn Junior, John Hodjdon Durand, John Dingwall, Fanshawe, John Fox, John Fuller, John Farley, John Grantham, William Gee, Anthony Harman, John Hill, Henry Hill, Robert Harris, John Harris, Joseph Humphrey, John Hilbert, William Holmer, William Parker Hamond, John Harris, Hylton Jolliffe, the Reverend William John Jolliffe Clerk, Thomas Ker, Jerome William Knapp, Beeston Long, Samuel Long, Thomas Leverton, Charles Shaw Lefevre, Robert Ladbroke, George Lane, Robert Lucas, Charles Minier, James Moore, Thomas Meager, Joseph Moore, Francis Meager Junior, Robert Meager, Richard Messenger, Martin, R. J. Millington, Thomas Parry, the

Reverend Pooler Clerk, Thomas Penfcld, George

Robinson, John Rogers, the Reverend John Ro/e Clerk, Thomas Ridley, Edward Russell, Michael Shepley, George Smith, James Carmichael Smith M. D , James Trecothick, Christopher Taddy, Thomas Turner, Thomas Walpole, Mark Wood, Mark Wood Junior, James Athol Wood, Thomas Walker, Daniel Watney, and their Successors, to be elected in manner herein mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Trustees, for making, amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the said Road; and for otherwise carrying the several Powers and Authorities of this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees shall be, or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, (except as may be herein excepted;) and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall be present at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Seven; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being, (favc and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question, (including the Vote of the Chairman,) then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Chairman to give the decisive or casting Vote.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Disability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or of their Successors to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, to act in Execution of this Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trustee so dying, refusing, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be Handing on the said Road Ten

Days

399

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

D.ivs at least before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid shall be, and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample Manner as the Trustee in whose Room or Stead he shall have been so elected.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Trustees not being; an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of either of the said Towns, Parishes, attending for or Places, through, or into which the said Road shall pass, or residing c^dered'as within Ten Miles thereof, and a Trustee or Trustees for carrying this Act rtrufing to into Execution, shall for the Space of One Year neglect to attend some aft. Meeting or Meetings of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance of

this Act, then, and in every such Case, such Neglect shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, a Refusal to act in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable Qualification of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be, in of Trustees. his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or

Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or be possessed of, or intitled to a personal Estate, or real and personal Estate together, of the Value of One thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir apparent to some Person possessed of an Estate in Land, of the dear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds j and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West min ster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill,

Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Acr.

VI. Provided also and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who Victuallers, shall keep a Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of Public En- &c• incaPa-tertainment, or who shall left any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, or spirituous ^le of acting, or other strong Liquors by Recail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee

in the Execution of this Act, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profic under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or ocher House of Public Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, or spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under such Incapacity.

400

Trustees may act as Justices, except where personally in* terested.

Firil Meeting of Truf. tees.

Meetings on

Kmergen*

cies.

No Order to be revolted, urWefs at a Meeting for

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace shall and may, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Greyhound Inn Croydon, on the Monday Fortnight after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and if none of the said Trustees shall attend such Meeting, then and in such Case such Meeting shall be, and be deemed to be, adjourned to the next Day, (Sunday, Good-Friday, Christmas-Day, and Fast Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then to the next D iy,) and so toties quoties until a sufficient Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to act in the Execution of this Act, or until a Trustee or Trustees shall attend so as to adjourn such Meeting; and the said Trustees shall and may, at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there, or at any other Place near to the said Road, as to the said Trustees shall seem convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Fourteen Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Road, at lead Five Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; and no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during such Time as he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Times be thought need'* fary, that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then, and in every such Case, the Clerk to the said Trustees, (an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode), shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting, in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place, which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, (such Time not being less than Five Days after such Notice;) and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting, shall be as good and valid as they would have been, in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding made at any Meeting o( the Trustees, holden in pursuance of this Act, shall be revoked or altered ac any subsequent Meeting,

unless

47° GEORGII ill. Cap. 25. 401

linless at a Meeting holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Norice tl,e p"rP°k' specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, ligned by Majority o* the Clerk to the said Trustees, be affixed on every the Turnpikes that ,he fruileej shall be (landing on the said Road, at lead: Ten Days before such sub- concur, sequenr Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three-fourths of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Number of Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting than were present at the Meeting when such Order, Appointment or Proceeding was had or made.

XT. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be Proceeding! provided and kept, a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular En- to he entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, re- tered-lative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act: and such Book or Books, shall, at all the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liible to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and any of the said Trustees and Creditors, shall and may have, and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they Trustee? to are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a appontOffi-Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also and allow such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act as they the them Sal*, said Trustees shall think proper, and from time to time to remove such ne5-Officers and Persons respectively, as they, the said Trustees, shall fee Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Acr, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, to the said Officers, and other Persons, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Secu- Trustees to rity from every such Treasurer, and other Officer, for the due Execution take Security of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be Xre'asur-r appointed, shall under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the Trustees, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Ac- Officers to counts, in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, account, by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following, (although noc thereunto required by the said Trustees,) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that

402 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

the fime mav he r.udited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so arconnringas aforesaid, shall upon Oath, (which Oath ary one of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer,) ve-rif» their said Accounts: and if any such Officer shall refuse, or neglect to make and render, or to verify, upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Tmftees, or ro fitch Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustee*, by Notice, in Writing, given to or left at the Uft or tifual PI?.*- of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Acr, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame; then, and in every fitch Caff, ut'on Complaint made determined by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Officer so refilling, or wilfully neglecting, shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, to issue a Summons under his Hand, for the Officer so refuting or neglecting, to appear before him; and upon his appearing, or having been summoned. and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way j and if, upon the Confcssion’of the Party, or by the Tellimonv of any credible Witness or Wit-neffrs upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to ad-. minister.) it shall appear to such Justice, that any of the Monies thac shall have been collected or r.iifed by virtue of this A<£V, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand, and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficienr to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid then, and in each and every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Town, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfecc Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid, such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive,) or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trullees: Provided always, that no such Officer or ether Person, so committed for want of sufficient Distrel's, shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25. 403

XI IF. And be it further enacted, That it shall and tnav be lawful t.) and On the for Two or more of the said Trustees, upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal, Death of a or Incapacity to act, of any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, determined by \Vritinji under their Hands, to nominate and appoint some other fit nQr"jnc"ema^ Person, in his or her Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the another until said Roatl, which Person, so to be nominated and appointed, shall have the next the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the fume Manner, fyIeec ng-in all respects, as the Person in whole Room or Stead he or (lie shall be so appointed; and if any Collector of the said Tolls, who shall be dil- if discharged charged from his or her Office determined by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver Gate Keeper tip the Possession of the T oil- House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which refuses to ae-he or she enjoyed in right of his or her Appointment to that Office, £°11

within Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll- ou c>’ House, in Writing, under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees; or the Wife or Family of any such Collector, who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises, by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House,

Building, and Appurtenances, within Three Days after Notice of such

new Appointment being made, as aforesaid, shall have been given to him,

her, or them, or left at such Toll-House, signed by any Three or more of the said Ttuftces, then, and in either of the said Cafes, it shall and may

be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or

Place, where such Toll-House shall stand or be, by Warrant, under his

Hand and Seal, to order any Constable, or other Peace Officer, with such

Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll-House and Premises, in

the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, to- Any Justice

pether with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll-House and other may cause

Premises, and to put the new-appointed Collector in Possessio.i thereof. 10 be

[ put out.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trustees em-for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, to erect, or cause powered to to be erected, such and so many Turnpikes upon or across the said Road, Jufn* and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near, unto, or across any Lanes or To^Houses, Ways leading, or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and to erect, or and receive * cause to be erected, such and so many Toll-Houses as they shall think Tolls, proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in Manner herein directed, for the purchasing or taking L nd for the turning or widening of the said Road, to purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll-House or Toll-Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and to erect such Weighing Engines upon the said Road as they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes, Toll-Houses, and Weighing Engines, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall, from Time to Time, think meet and expedient j and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, at all such Turnpikes, the Tolls following, before any Carriage, Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, shall be Tollt. permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say), for every Horse or other Beast of Draughc drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau,

Chariot, Vis-a-Vis, Chaise, Calash, Chaise-Marine, Curricle, Chair,

Gig, Whiskey, Caravan, Hearle, Litter, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny: For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Carr, Dray, or other such Carriage hav-

404 4?8 GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

ing the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof, of the Breadth of Nine Inches or upwards, the Sum of Three Pence: For every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches and under Nine Inches, the Sum of Four Pence: For every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sim of Five Pence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny: For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten Pence per Score, and so in ptoportion for any greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And for every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis a-Vis, Chatfe, Calash, Chaise Marine, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whiskey, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage which shall pass on a Sunday through any Gate or Turnpike to be erected on the said Road, a Toll equal to Onc-third more of the Toll hereinbefore made payable.

No Gate to

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be be erected lawful for the Trudecs appointed, or to be appointed, under, and by

between Kei- . . r , /- *£- i /-

gate Market virtue of this Act, to erect or place any Gate or Turnpike, or Ga'cs or and the New Turnpikes in, upon, or across any Part of the Road intended to be made Road. under and by virtue of this Act, or on the Sides thereof, between the

Market-place in the Borough of Reigate aforesaid, and the Point where the proposed new Road shall enter the present Highway leading from the Borough of Reigate aforesaid towards B'.ecbingley, in the County of Surrey aforesaid.

Tolls veiled

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls (hill be, and they tec'*1* TfUf" are hereby *n the Trudecs, and a Table thereof shall be put up

and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Road t and it shall and m3y be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the said Tolls 5 and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall after Demand made thereof by any Collector of the said Tolls to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Parc thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and didrain, or cause to be seized and For recover- distrained, any Carriage, Horse, or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle ,-Dgot ol s. r[largca[5]c with the said Tolls, or any of them, or the Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements of such Horse, or other Bead or Beads, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if such Toils, or any Parc or Parts thereof, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distred, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Dill refs made, the Collector so seizing or didraining shall and may fell, or cause to be sold, the Carriage, Horse, or Horses, Bead or Beads, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, and Accoutrements so seized and didrained, or any Part or Parts thereof, ac or near to the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid,

rendering

4°5

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

rendering the Overplus, (if any,) upon demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Costs and Charges fordiftraia-ing, keeping, and felling the same shall be deducted and paid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about the Amount of Tolls due, or the Colls and Charges ofdillraining, keeping, or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person so dillraining to detain the Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of dillraining, keeping, and felling the Distress (as the Case may be) shall be ascertained determined by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein stich Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the said Matter upon the Oath or Oaths of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath and Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) and shall determine the Amount of Tolls due, and shall also aficfs the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums, so determined or afielTed, shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll-Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground, Fences and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and of all Gates, Polls, Rails, Bars, Fences, Mile-Stones, Tables of Tolls, and Polls, to be erected on the said Road; and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements which shall be provided for making and repairing the said Road, by virtue of this Act, shall be vested in the Trullees hereby appointed; and they are hereby empowered to cause any Action or Actions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person who shall steal, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpike, Toll-House, or other Building, Fence, Mile-Stone, Table of Tolls, Poll, or any of such Materials, Tools, or Implements as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectivdv, it shall be, and be deemed to be, sufficient to Hate generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for, or in respect of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred is, or are the Property of the Trullees for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from Croydon to Reigatet without particularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of any of the said Trullees.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable any'Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night 10 Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for, or in respect of the fame Horle, Beall, or other Cattle passing and repairing through the fame, or any other Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the said Road, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that such Toll hath been paid on that Day, for, or in respect of such Carriage,

{Loc. Per.] 5 K Horse,

Disputes rejecting Tolls and Charges to be settled by a Justice.

Turnpikes vested in the Trullees.

Tolls in certain Parts to be paid once only for passing and re-passing.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Horse, Beast, or other Cattle on the said Road, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of such Toll.

51; ' _ .

Collectcri of

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Liti-1 oils to be gatjpn shall arise touching, or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, or anV them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting determined by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not by reason thereof be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

Penalty on XXL And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said evading th* Tolls,be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give,offer, or dispose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons, any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit, or knowingly make use of, any counterfeited Ticker, in order to evade Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, or if any Person or Persons farming, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Road, near unto any Turnpike crccred thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Horse or other Beast, or Cattle, whtreby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Beast, Cattle, or Carriage through, or over, any Way or Passage (not being a public Way or Passage), or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse, or other Beast, from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

General

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or

Exemptions, taken for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishts in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, only not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost,or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any F rm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Past.a-e or Watering Places, or going to be, or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel,or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to

be

407

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General,either when employed ip conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, orin returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nr for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode determined by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Diys of Exrrcife. Provided always, that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time ofclaiming such Exemption, as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Horse* Cattle,

Bead, or Carriage, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the said County of Surrey, or of any Burgess or Burgessesto serve in Parliament for the said Town of Relgate, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded: And if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collutive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, ^duc*1"* at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Fourteen ToJU with Days’ Notice, in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Trustees, shall the Consent be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be danding on the of the Cre-fdid Road, from Time to Time, to lessen or reduce all, or any Part or ditors.

Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, and also any additional Tolls payable determined by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Over-weight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards, at a Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all, or any of the Tolls, so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Acr, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force and Effect with respect to Overweights: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of this Acr, shall not have been paid or discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced, without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money remaining due upon tnc Credit of this Act.

408

Tolls may be let.

Lessees, or Persons appointed by them, may collect the Tolls.

Trustees may compound for Tolls.

TruRees may

borrow

Money.

• 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting, upon Twenty Days’ Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, being affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Road, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame j provided, that the Leases, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the fame, be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by any Five or more of the said Trustees; but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time; and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that One quarterly Payment of such Rents shall always be in advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in default thereof, every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents, Purposes, and Constructions whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That during such Times as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof shall be leased, demised, or in farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons, as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings, under his, her or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls, so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees, is hereby author zed and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees from Time to Time to compound with any Person or Persons for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year for any Horses, Beasts, or Cattle passing on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses Beasts, or other Cattle, and all such Compofuion Money shall be paid in advance quarterly or otherwise as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in default thereof every such Compofuion shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVII. And for the more speedy railing such Moneyas may be necefia-r> for the Purposes of this Act, Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Five of them, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted or any Part thereof; and the several Turnpikes and Toll-Houses to be erected on the said Road (the Charges of such Alignments and

Mortgages

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25. 4°9

Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal half yearly Payments at the Dwelling-house of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Allignmencs shall be in the Words, or to the Effect, following:

T>Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of Form of King George the Third [here Jet forth the Title of this Act] We whose Mortgage. Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed, (being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act,) in consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Road in Hand paid by A. B., do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A.B., Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also of the Turnpikes and Toll-Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum charged and advanced, or to be charged or advanced on the Credit of the said Tolls, to be had and holden from this Day of in the Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate of per Centum per Annum shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in

the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Copies of Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to Mortgagesta the said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable be entered-Times, be perused and inspecred without Fee or Reward, and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments respectively have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to Form of

" A Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue of Transfer

" a Mortgage or Assignment, bearing Date the Day of

" , under the Hands and Seals o,f

•* the Trustees acting in Execution of an Act made in the Forty-seventh * Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [hereJet forth the " Title of this Act] upon the Credit of the said Act, do hereby transfer " all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto C. D.

" Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day

" of in the Year of our Lord

[Lot. fc? Per.]

5 L

And

4io 47° GEORGII' III. Cap. 25.

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees within One Calendar Month next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned, to be transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments to be made by virtue of this Act; and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the fame, shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Afilgns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and ascer such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void,' release or discharge the fame or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, AfiTignments, or Transfers, shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Pre-Trustees to ference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of pive 11 Days the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless, that before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, rowing0 of Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing at the lead, signed by the Clerk Money. to the said Trustees, shall be given of the Intention of borrowing such Money, by affixing the fame on all and every the Turnpike Gates erected on the said Road.

Trustees may

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to turn or alter and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to an* *p"r[<of Time, as they shall think proper, to diverr, widen, turn, shorten, vary, th JRoads; or a!ter Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Road comprised in and may this Act, and any Variation of Road may be of any Width, not exceeding contract for Sixty Feet, through any Common or Wade Ground, without making of^ands for' any Satisfaction for the fame; and through any private or inclosed Lands, that Purpose. Grounds, or Hereditaments, fird making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may fudain thereby; and also, from Time to Time, to turn, divert, alter, or difeon-tinue such Ways cr Foot-paths leading thereto, as shall appear to them proper to be so turned, diverted, ordifoontinued; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons, by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loft? or Damage such Owners or Persons respectively intereded may fudain, by the making, widening, diverting,turning, or altering die Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road, through such Lands, Tenements',’ and Hereditaments; and the said Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments,’ so piirchafed,or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction' of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall, by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained,' ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose: And after the said Lands or

‘Grounds

4-H

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become, and be deemed and taken to be, a public and common Highway, and to be Part of the Road to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, determined by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Road, as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprised in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased, as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bed Price that can reasonably be had or gotten for the fame, and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever

XXIX. And whereas the Proprietor of the Parish and Estate of Gallon, oeing desirous of giving every reasonable Support in his Power to an Undertaking, the Completion of which will be of great Advantage to the Public, and at the same Time, render useless and unnecessary a certain Bridle Way and Foot Path, running through and across Gallon Park; Be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall think it necessary or expedient to vary or alter the Course of the present Road from Merjlham to Reigate, such Variation shall and may be made in and through Gallon Park aforesaid, in Manner hereinafter mentioned (that is to say), such Road shall skirt along the Paling of the said Park, through the Parish of Gatton, until it reaches the Estate of Linkfield, the Property of Robert Ladbroke, Esquire, when the lame shall and may enter and pass through the said Park; and the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, on the Line or Spot of the present Paling or Fence of the said Park, next to the said Road, to erect and maintain, or cause to be erected and maintained, Ports, at a Distance of not less than One hundred Yards from each other, distinctly marked with the Letter G; and the said Road shall, in like Manner, pass along Gatton Park, on the Side of the Estate of Linkfield, sofar as that Part of the Parish of Gatton, known by the Name of the Quarry Field; when the said Road shall and may pass through two Fields of the Linkfield Estate, as far as the Wray Comnon, from whence the said Road shall be made to the Town oi Reigate,

XXX. And belt further enacted, That, so far as the Extent of Gatton Park, alortg or through which the said Road shall lead or pass, the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to cause a good and sufficient Wall or Fence of Park Paling to be made, erected, and supported, so as tofecure the said Paik from Depredations on that Side adjoining the said Road.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to and for the said Trustees, nor any other Person or Persons whomsoever, under the Authority of this Act, to erect, build, or set up, or to cause or suffer to tie erected, built, or set up in the said Parish of Gatton, any House, Hut, or Building whatsoever, nor hereafter to left, exchange, or otherwise ali enate or dispose of the Land and Ground authorized to be taken and

used

Road may be made through Gatton Park.

Pods to be erected in the Park Pence.

Sufficient Wall or Park Paling to be made.

No House, &c. to be erefled in the Pan(h of Gatton.

412

Nor any Part of this Land fold.

Foot Path to be made front Merst-ham to Rei-gate.

Old Foot Path msy be flopped up.

Corporation*, Sc c. empowered to treat.

In case of Persons re-fusing to treat, or not agreeing, a Jury to settle the Recompence.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

used for the Purposes of this Act in the salt! Parish of Gatton, or any Part thereof; but that in case the fame, or any Part thereof, shall hereafter, for any Cause whatsoever, be discontinued as a Road or Highway, the then Owner or Proprietor of the Estate at Gatton shall be entitled to have and enjoy the fame in such and the like Manner as herein directed for the Purchase or Sale of any Old Road.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, in case they shall vary or alter the said Road through Gatton Park as aforesaid, to make and maintain a Foot Path by the Side thereof, of the Width of Three Fret at lead from the Village of Merjlham to the Town of Reigate; and such said Foot Path shall be raised Two Feet higher at the lead than the said Road.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Road and Foot Path between Merjlham and Reigate shall be completed, the Foot Path and Bridle Way passing through Gatton Park and Merjlham Common Fields shall be flopped up and discontinued, in case it shall appear to any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, that the said Bridle Way and Foot Path so to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be more commodious or nearer for the Public.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in TruA Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf o, any Infants, Femes Covert, or other Ceduique Truds, Idiots, Lunatics, of other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be ftifed, possessed, or intended in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Parc thereof, or for their intered therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that alj such Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, General, or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in TruA, Executors, Admi-nidrators. Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That ifany Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or l'ole. Tenants for Life, or in Fee-Tail, general or special, or for Years, determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators,

- Guardians,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing, at the Dwelling-House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk, or Head Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in PnffelTion of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Notice given, or left as aforesaid, nrglccc or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premifis, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to cause it to be inquired into and afeerrained, determined by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, of the said County of Surrey, (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer,) what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested for, or upon Account of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summonand call before them, all and every Person who shall be thought necessary and proper, to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises; and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath, (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered and required to administer,) and they shall order and cause the said Jury, to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict, or Inquisition and Judgment, Order or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and PurpolVs whatsoever, against all Parries and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proorietors, Occupiers, and other Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Remainder, Keversion, Interest, or Property of, into, or out of the lame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and (or summoning and returning such Jury the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Five or more ol them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Surrey, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury f Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees \Loc. Per.J 5 M at

4*4 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

Juries may be challenged.

Sheriffs, Sec. may be fined for Neglect of Duty.

at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such> Sheriff, or his Deputy, is hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear, or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured, or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve. Provided always, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled to: And the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to f'erve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refule to give, or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein; and on any of the Persons who being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn, or be examined, or give Evidence touching the famej but no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

Owners of

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Land used in Course of any Part of the said Road shall be altered by this Act, and a new making a Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the !'e'have°fhc Purchase of such old Road shall be firftmade to the Owner of such adjoining OiTr'cf Land, which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new the old Road. Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then, and in such Case, the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act, is directed to be settled and ascertained, in and by this Act, and such Owntr shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer, or Clerk to the Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, at Westminster; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where such old Road shall lie, flaring that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and thac such Owner has not agreed, or has refused to purchase such old Road (as the Case may be);

and

4*5

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

And such Affidavit shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner. Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road, as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road, as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land, respectively* in manner aforesaid. Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively, shall be willing, and consent to take such old Road in exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trusteees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law Or Equity.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in, or deliver a Verdict or Assessmerit for more Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken, on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase-Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Costs and Charges of summoning and returning the Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Acc s but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessmene for no more, or less Money, than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame, or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase-Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Costs and Charges of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace not interested in the Matter in question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy, or Dispute, shall arise, (who is hereby authorized and required, to examine into and settle the fame), and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons j and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of such Monies, shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise, such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertair.cd and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act: Provided always, That in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Truf-.teq, in Manner aforesaid.

B j whom the Expences of the Jury to be paid.

Trustees to pay Expences, where Persons, from Absence, arc prevented from treat-

4*6 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable the said Truf-tfes to take, use, injure, or damage any Dweliing-House, or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Wall, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, save and except those particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, which are meant and.intended, and are hereby authorized to be taken for the Purposes of this Act,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Hufhind, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drier, or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte, the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons w ho would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part therof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame, or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such M mey shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out, and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum cor.folidated, or Three Pounds per Centum reduced Bank Annuities; and, in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said consolidated or reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Houses, &c. not to be in-j ured.

Application of Compen-lation, if amounting to £zco.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any Money so agreed rr awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or ufrd for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal ro the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fime shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so ptircbafed, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefi re directed or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Optii n to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLI. Provided also, and be it enactrd, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XL.II. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if any Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, io awarded, as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them) subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif-position of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition,

Il.oc. & Per.] j N shall

417

Application of Com pen-fation of left than £200. and exceeding;!^0*

Application of Compensation if less than £20.

In case of not making out Titles.

Or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

4i8 4?° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rcl'pective F.state or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

Question thi.ll arise touching ihe Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemtd entitled thereto, according to such Pt ffeffiononly,&c.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Tide of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poiilffion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poffdfion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such PofielGon was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court

XLIV. Provided also and be it enacted, That when by reason of any of Chancery Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled may order ro any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required Purchase* to to Se P3'd ’nt0 die Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase be paid by of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like rht Trusteej. Uses, in pursuance of this Art, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

r oettine Xl.V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Materials"* for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such repair the Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, Roaas. get, gather, and take away any Furze, Plcath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or

other

419

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Districr, or Place in which any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle: And also that such Surveyor or other Persons as aforesaid may, by Order of the said Trustees, (such Order to be made at fomc Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attclted and signed by the Cleric to the said Trustees,) starch for, cur, dig, get, gather, and take away any Inch Miterials as aforesaid in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds, of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found, (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue toa.House, or any Piece of Ground planted ard set apart as a Nursery for Trees,) making or tendering Inch Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners and Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to or for Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Town, or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away or over, on Ten Days’ Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or less at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing such Road, out of, or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Town, or Pjace where such Premises shall lie, to shew Caule why such Materials, shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier, or his Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cauie to the contrary, then, and in such Case, the said Trustees, or such Justices, shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect

Notice to be given to the Occupier* of inclosed Lands before Materials are to be taken.

4-20

Penalty on lak ng away Materials got by order of the Surveyor.

Sii'vryor to make Drains, See.

4'*. GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

neglect or refute ro appear determined by himself or his Agen' ptmfuant to such Notire, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomever shall remove or take away the Stones or Gravel, or any Materials laid upon the said Road, or upon any Part thereof, for the Repiir thereof, without the Order of the said Trustees, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose; or if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by, or by the Order of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors in any L.ands, Fields, Waste, or Grounds, River, or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his, or her own private Ule only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint by Order of the said T rufters, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through, or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Road in such M inner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Road, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands or Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, Planted Walk, or Avenue to any House), to be made Use of as a public Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road 3re widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such l.ands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cur, or on, or over which any such temporary Road shall be made for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers, respectively, shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be judged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers, and such f rustees, touching such Damage, then, and in every such Case, the Justices of the Peace, at the First General Quarter Section of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Surrey, next after the F.xpiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing such Damage shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the lame, and their Determination therein shall be final and con-eluftve.

4/ GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, (by Direction and under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees,) from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Road by Rails, Steps, Sign-Posts, or other Ports, and also by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Parc of the said Road, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bushes growing in any Part of the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto (at the proper Season of the Year,) in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Berthes, shall refuse or neglect to do so for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimburstd to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refufrng or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not upon Demand pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distreis and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty indicted by this Act: And if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence over and above such Charges as aforesaid forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cauic to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall fuScr any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of such Road, to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cauic the said Road to be measured, and Mile-Scones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each ocher, and Ports to be erected, to denote the Diltance of every such Port from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and also cause to be erected Guide-Posts, upon such Parts of the said Road where the fame is crofied or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall will ulj y break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any Mile-Stone, Table of Tolls, or Poll:, erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks, inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure, any Scone or Scones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, or any Arch or Arches, or any Part or Parts of the said Road, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum

[Lu. & Per.] ,50 not

421

Surveyor may remove Annoyances.

Penalty for drawing Timber or Stone in the Roads, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage.

Roads to be measured, and Milestones to be set up.

4-22

For prevent, tng Annoy* antes, Sic.

Persons chargeable to Statute. Work to continue so.

Justices to

determine

Differences

concerning

Statute

Work.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Stone, Table of Toils, Post, or Parapet Wall, and Arch, so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or o" which any Letters, Figures, or Marks, shall be so obliterated or defat.?d; One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LIT. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Pe.-fons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage. Or shall ride on, or drive, or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, over or upon any Foot-path or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road, or if any Driver of any Waggon, or other Carriage, shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pods or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Foot-Paths or causeways, or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead, drawing any Plough, upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Road or any Parr thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Warn, Carr, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, (without some reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Road as Conveniently may be), in, upon, or On the Side or Sides of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Beast harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bufbes, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Parc of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum nos exceeding Forty Shillings One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who, by Law are, or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are, or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby direcced to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore j and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, for the said County of Surrey, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work, shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, or Places, in which the said Road doth lie; and also what Proportion ofthe Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order

- thereunto.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place, to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the fervi.ng of such Summons,') of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish, or Place, are, by Law, subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid j which Lift of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect, for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and ouc of such Lifts, the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such* and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Time, (not being Hay-time or Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who, by such Lifts, shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof, as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times, as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Paymenc thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized, or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice, in Writing; given to, or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last, or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or PTorfes, or Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect, for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall he found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and, in that Cafe, every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parc of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied toward; the amending the said Road and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Pafifhes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every

424 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

such Surveyor so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pa/, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Trustees may

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to compound and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Per-Work*tU,e" ^ons» bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants any Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of, and in all, or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be ficuate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or other wise, as the said T rultees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole, or of any Part of the Statute or other Work, to be by all, or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise, the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Application

LV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex-of Money, pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall, in the first Place, be paid and defrayed out of che first Monies borrowed, received, or collected, by virtue of, or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall, from Time to Time be applied in re-paying the Monies borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the interest thereof, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

Actions to be

LVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought in brought by the Order of the said Trustees against any Person or Persons oOHe* Tr* v*rtue> or >n pursuance of this Act, the lame may be brought in the farc/or re3" Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Clerk of the Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate

Trustees. or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whole

But neither Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or of them to he Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any liable to the Costs or Expences on account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences £Xent °* shall defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

Power to

Co)le&or«,

&c. to detain

unknown

Persons

guilty of

OiFences.

LVII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or ocher Officers, under this Act, Be ic therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers reflectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

Recoveryand LVIII, And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Application virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the Powers thereof imposed, (the Man-ot i'enalties. ner of ]CVying ancj recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise parttculai ly

directecl,

478 GEO'kGlI III. Cap. 25. 425

directed,) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods ind Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand 4nd Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall happen, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath,) and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; ard such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied,) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of such Count, City, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Miinprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Sections, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following,

(that is to say,)

" DE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Form of

* Year of the Reign of A.B. is convicted Conviction.

" before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

" of having, [as the Offence shall be,] and I, [or we,] the

" said do adjudge him, [per, or them,] to forfeit and pay

.* for the fame the Sum of Given under my Hand and

" Seal, [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid."

LX. Provided always and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons.

shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or ppea Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of thisAcr, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place, (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arile,) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days’ Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to brin°-such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Sureties, condi’ioned to try such Appeal, and abide by the Order and Award of the said Court thereon, and the said Justices at such Sections, upon due Proof of such Noiice and Recognizance having beeh given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make [Lee. & Per.J 5 P such

420

DWrefi not to be unlawful for want of Form.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form, or removable by Certiorari.

Plaintiffs not recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

Limitation of Actions.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may if they fee cause mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposts whatsoever.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespafters, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Calc.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or be removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff-or Plaintiff's shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any P.-rfon or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought, and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months nexc after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Surrey, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days’ Notice shall hsive been

given.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered, as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same, as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then, and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble, Colls, and have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant hath for Cods of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Per- For compel fons, who have subscribed Money for and towards the making of the said ling Sub. Road, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of cribe"e|° Money so subscribed, within such Time and Times, and in such Parts g^ferfp-and Proportions as the said Trustees shall, from Time to Time, order tions. and direct; and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall, by any Writing under their Hands, authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglecc or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

LXVI. And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year l8 Geo of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for e. »8. "J *' repairing and widening the Road from Sutton in the County of Surrey " through the Borough of Reigate by Sidlow Mill to Povey Cro/s, and from " Sutton aforesaid through Cheam, and over Howell Hill to Ewell-, and also " the Road from Tadworth by the Windmill to the Bottom of Pebble Hill " in the said County ■*’ And whereas another Act was passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term 10G.3.

" granted by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty's *• *4*

" Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County *« of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid through Cheam and over Howell Fill! to Ewell -, and also the Road from Tadworth by the Windmill to the Bot-" tom of Pebble Hill in the said County; and for empowering the Truf-" tees appointed by an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King " George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey " and Sussex, to make a Yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by «* the said Act of the Twenty-eight of George the Second } and " for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trullees appointed by the said Act of the Tenth of George the First, and " putting them under the Dirtflion of the Trustees appointed by the said *« Act of the Twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for re-" pairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to «* the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Suffer} and also the

" Road

428

39.4°G«M-c. 112.

Compensation to Trustees of Sutton Roads.

Application of Compensation.

Recovery of Compenfa-Mon Money.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

" Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge TLunt, in the County Of Sur* " rey And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth and

Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing " for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next " Session of Parliament, the Term, and allotting and enlarging the Powers " of Two Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His " fate Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from " Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, ‘‘ by Sid low Mill to Povey Cro/s, and Several other Roads therein mention-" ed in the same County. And whereas it is expedient that Compensation should be made to the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution for any Loss they may sustain by the said New Road being made: Be it therefore enacted, That the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, for putting in Execution this Act, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, from and after the Expiration of Four Years from the Time when any Toll shall have become payable and be collected by virtue of this Act, by and out of such Tolls, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, before any other Payments whatsoever shall be made after the Expiration of the said Period, to pay or cause to be paid to the Trustees appointed, and to be appointed, for putting irl Execution the said Three recited Acts, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, the yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds for and during the Residue of the Term granted by this Act, which shall be then' to,come and unexpired, which said yearly Sum of Two hitfidred Pounds shall be paid and payable by Four ("qaa! Quarterly Payments on the Twenty-fifth Day,of Match, the Twenty* fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December in each Year, the first Payment thereof to be made on such of the said Day s as shall ne^t happen after the Expiration of Fouf Years from the Time abovementioned, and which said yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Three recited Acts are hereby empowered and required to accept from the said Trustees for putting in Execution this Act, as a Compensation to them for any Loss they may sustain in consequence of such Road being made; and that the Receipt of the Treasurer or Treasurers, or such Person or Persons as the said Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, for putting the said Three several Acts into Execution, shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Trustees for putting in Execution this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall, when paid to and received by the said Trustees be applied and disposed of by them as the Tolls and Monies to be collected and raised under and by virtue of the said Three recited Aces arc thereby directed to be applied and disposed of,

LXVIII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if One or more Quarterly Payment or Payments of the said yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall be unpaid and in arrear by the Space of One Calendar Month next after the same shall have become payable, ic shall and may be lawful to mil for the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed; under and by virtue

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

virtue of the said Three recited Acts, or any Five of them, to give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk of the Trustees appointed, or to b'e appointed, under and by virtue of this Act, of Rich Monies being so in arrear as aforesaid; and if the Money so in arrear shall remain unpaid for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the-Peace for the County of Surrey, on Information on Oath being made unto them of such Monies being so in arrear, and of such Notice having; been given as aforesaid, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to the Constable, Headborough, or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places in which any Turnpike or Toll-Gate, or Turnpikes or Toll-Gates shall be erected under and by virtue of this Act, thereby requiring them to make Entry upon and seize such Turnpike or Toll-Gate, or Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, and all Houses erected near the fame for collecting the Tolls there, and thereof to dispofless the Trpftces appointed, or to be appointed, under and by virtue of this Act, and all Persons acting under them; and the said Constable, Headborough, or other Peace Officers to whom such Warrant shall be directed as aforesaid shall, and is and are hereby required forthwith after he or they shall have made such Entry and Seizure as aforesaid, to deliver unto the Trustees appointed, and to be appointed, under and by virtue of the said Three recited Acts, or unto some Person or Persons to be appointed by fuchr Trustees for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hands of Five or more of such Trustees, the Possession of such Toll-Gate or Toll-Gates, arid Toll-House or Toll-Houses; and it shall and-may be lawful to and for the said last-mentioned Trustees, or some Person or Persons to be appointed by them for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hands of Five or more of such Trustees to collect and receive all and every Toll and Tolls which shall under and by virtue of this Act be payable and paid at such Turnpike or Toll-Gate, or Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, and apply the fame in Payment and Satisfaction of the said Monies which shall be so in arrear at the Time of such Entry, and all Costs and Charges attending the ftizing fuclvTurnpike or Toll-Gate, or Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, and such Toll-House or Toli-Houses as aforesaid, and the collecting of the Toils there: And that it shall and may be lawful for the said last-mentioned Trustees to hold and retain the Possession of such Turnpike or Toll-Gate, or Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, and such House or Houses as aforesaid, until such Monies as shall be foin arrear as aforesaid, and such Costs and Charges as aforesaid shall be fully paid and satisfied, they rendering unto the Trustees to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act a just Account in Writing of all the Tolls and Monies which shall have been collected and received by them at such Turnpike or Toll-Gate, or Turnpikes or Toll-Gates as aforesaid, and of the Costs and Charges which they the said Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, under and by virtue of the said Three recited Acts shall have sustained by the Means aforesaid: Provided also, that ic shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned Trustees, in case the Arrears which shall be due at the Time of entering upon the said Turnpike, Toll-Gate, or Toll-Houses shall not be collected before another Quarterly Payment of the said Two hundred Pounds shall become clue, to retain and keep possession of the said Turnpike or Toll-Gate, and Toll-Houses, until a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been collected to pay off and discharge all such Arrears, Colts* and Expences as aforesaid.

5

[Lee. y Per.}

43©

[Public Act.]

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Nouse of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and ment and take place on the Day of passing thereof, and shall be in Force, and have ^fonh,!n"ance Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and ° 1 '* ct’ from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE

TO WHICH THIS ACT REFERS.

Descriptions.

Paddock and Farm Yard.

Garden.

Garden.

Orchard.

Orchard and Gardert. Garden.

Orchard and Garden. Plantation.

Paddock.

Garden.

Orchard and Garden.

"William Sanders Ro- } binfon, Esquire, 5 Ditto, Ditto,

Hylton Jolliffe, Esqilire, Ditto, Ditto,

Mrs. Sarah Harris, Hylton Jolliffe, Esquire, Ditto, Ditto,

Charles Birkhead, pfq. Richard Barnes, Esquire, Dittp, Ditto

Anthony Harman, Esquire:

Occupiers.

Colonel Byron,

Robert Cagget, Thomas Brookes, John Darrant, John Bullen, Ditto, Ditto, Edward Hoare, Himself,

Thomas Neale, Thomas Brown, John Batcock,

EON DON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S07,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

4

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. z6.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and i, enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, pafLd in the

Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper s Fields and the Bell Inn, in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Fly, to the Sign of the Bear, in Walfoken, in the County of Norfolk, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge, over the End'of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper’s Fields and the Bell Inn, in Wisbeach, in the ljle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear, in Walfoken, in the County of Norfolk; and from Walfoken Bridge [Lee. S95 Per.] 5 R ' lying

5 G. 3. c.iox.

434

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

*« G. 3

c. 127.

lying over the fame Drain, to the said Sign of the Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in Iilington, and from thence to the Weji Ends of Maudlin’s Bridge, and German’s Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and from the l: aft End of German’s Bridge aforesaid to the Wesi End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk; and from islington aforesaid. to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act'; And whereas the Term of the said several Acts is near expiring, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads by virtue of the said several Acts, which Money cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Acts is further continued, and forne Alterations and Amendments made therein; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Term of the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That said reuted the said recited Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained (except so far as the fame, or any Part thereof, are hereby varied, altered, explained, or repealed, and alia except such as relate to Exemptions ire m Stamp Duties :, shall be and are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated, and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable* to the Payment of all Money now due on the Credit or on account of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or which- shaft be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act for the Fife of the said Roads, and the Interests due and to grow due thereon r effectively.

Acts enlarged.

Amendment of a Clause in Acts 5 G. 3. and

26 G. 3.

respecting certain Ex-emptions from Toll allowed to the Inhabitants of Wiprgenhall St Germains and Wiggen-hair St. Mary Magdalen.

1L And whereas by the said first recited Act the Inhabitants of the Pa li fines of Wiggenhall Saint German’s and Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen are exempted from Payment of Toll at the Turnpike Gates within their respective Parishes; And whereas by the said last recited Act it is enacted that the annual Sum of Two Pounds shall be paid by the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Wiggenhall Saint German’s, and the Annual Sunt of Three Pounds shall be paid by the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in consideration of the Exemptions granted to the said respective Inhabitants being allowed to stand as in the said first recited Act; And whereas many Disputes have arisen with respect to the Exemptions meant to be allowed by the said several recited Acts to the said respective Inhabitants of the said Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint German’s and Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen; in order therefore to prevent and obviate all such Disputes in future; be it further enacted, That the said respective Inhabitants of the said Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint German’s and Wiggenhall Saint Mary. Magdalen, (who for the Time being shall occupy any Messuages, Lands, "or Hereditaments, and in 14 respect

435

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

respect thereof be assessed to and pay towards the Rate3 or Assessments made for the Repairs of the Highways in the said respective Parishes) their own Servants, Cattle, and Carriages and other Carriages carrying their own Goods only, upon Payment of the said respective Yearly Sums as aforesaid, shall and may at all Times pass and repass through the said Turnpike Gates within their respective Parishes without paying any Toll for passing and repassing through the fame: Provid d always, that no Declaring Person, being a Lodger or Inmate, (and not a Resident Householder who shall be assessed as aforesaid) shall hereafter be considered or construcdan Inhabit- inhabitants ant of either of the said respective Parishes entitled to the Privilege aforesaid, nor shall the Person or Persons respectively entitled to the Exemption, aforesaid be permitted to carry the Goods, Chattels, and Effects, of any other Person or Persons, not being a Resident Householder or Resident Householders in either of the said respective Parishes assessed as aforesaid.

Toll-free through the said Turnpike-Gates, but such Person or Persons so carrying the same shall be liable to pay the customary Tolls, in the same Manner as if they were carried by any other Person or Persons not entitled to the Privilege or Exemption aforesaid; and it any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of the Exemption aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied in such Manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties are by the said recited Acts directed to be applied.

III. And be it further eraded, That from and after the passing of this Exemptions. Ad no Person shall be charged with or compellable to pay any of the Tolls made payable by the said recited Acts for any Horse or other Beall drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which shall be going unladen for or shall then be used only in conveying or returning unladen or empty, after having been employed only in conveying Stone, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing any publick Road or Highway, or any Lime, Uung, Mould, or Compost for the Manuring of any Garden,

Land, or Ground; or for any Horse or other Bead not drawing, which shall be going unladen for or shall be then used only in carrying or returning unladen, after having been employed only in carrying any such Stone,

Gravel, or other Materials, Lime, Dung, Mould, or Compost, for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any Carriage, Horse, or Cattle going for the Purposes of or returning from ploughing, tilling or sowing any Land or Ground, or which shall be used or employed only in the Carriage of, or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or unladen after having been employed only in carrying or drawing any Hay unfold, and not for Sale, or any Com in the Straw or Wood for Fuel unfold and not (or Sale, or for any Carriage or Cattle going for or passing with any Harrow, or other such Implement of Husbandry, or for any Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture within the Distance of Two Miles, or for any Horses or Cattle going to be or returning after having been (hoed or farried; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Perl'on going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other

436

Prese nt

Securities to be in force during the additional Term.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty’s. Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers or Volunteers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms and Baggage, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively as aforesaid, or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Paflcs, or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or other Carriage, or the Horses or Cattle drawing them, or for any Person on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to 1'erve in Pai liament for the said County of Norfolk, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or coliuine Manner what foe ver claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

• ’ ■’ - hi

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages or Securities for securing the Repayment of any Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and which are now in force, shall remain and continue in force during the Term gran ed by this Act, unls.fi the Money thereby secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be sooner paid off and discharged.

Statute V. And be it further enacted, That all Person* who by Law are or Labour. shall be1 liable to do Statute-Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Roads are situate the Cafe may A’], and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame do lie, and alto what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute 0 ' Work

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Work as aforesaid, shall he by him, her, cr them, paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to luuunon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at tome Pl ice to be exprdfed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within lucii Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute-Woik for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distirtguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with learns, or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall he made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways, and out of such Lilts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute-Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Day- Statute* Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the fame shall be done at such Days, and at such dimes (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Parts o! the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts ilis.ll appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute-W-ork as aforesaid, to pay such Pr oportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said i'rustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Maimer as any Penalty is by the said first recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered, and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute-Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect [Lee. & Per.'] £ S to

438

Trustees empowered to contract with Surveyors for repairing Roads.

Exemption from Toll to Residents in the several Parishes in carrying Gravel, &c. for private

Use.

Application of Compensation when exceeding sool.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

tb' give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in falle and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VI. And whereas it may be for the Benefit and Advantage of the Roads directed to be repaired by virtue of the said several recited Acts and this Act, if Power was given to the said Trustees to contract and agree with all or ar.y of the Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes in which the said several Roads do lie, for the amending and keeping in Repair all such and so much of the said several Roads as are directed to be repaired as aforesaid; be it therefore further enacted, That il shall be lawful for the said Trustees of the said Turnpike Roads or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, from Time to Time to contrail and agree by Writing to and with the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of any Parish or Place in which any Part of the said Roads do lie, for any Time not exceeding Five Years, for the amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair in such Manner as they shall think fit, all or any Part of the said Roads within such their respective Parishes or Places, and all Contracts in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order made by the Lid Trustees or any Five or more of them at any Meeting, shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof, any Thing herein-before or in and by the said several replied Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at their first Meeting after the passing of this Act, or at any subsequent Meeting, by any Order or Orders to be by them then made as they the said Trustees shall fee convenient, to permit and suffer all and every such Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time reside in and occupy the several Messuages, Farm Houses, and Lands situate and being in any of the said several Parishes now repaired or hereafter to be repaired by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, and their own Servants only, to pass and repass through the several Toll-Gates crested or hereafter to be erected across the said several Roads with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages which shall be going unladen for or shall be then used only in conveying or returning unladen or empty, after having been employed only in conveying Gravel or other Materials for repairing the private Roads or Yards of such Person or Persons as aforesaid. Toll-free for and during the respective Months of May, June, and July, only in any One Year.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, for the Purpose thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trufiee, for or on Behalf of any Enfant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cejlui-

que

439

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

rptc Trust, or to any Person or Persons whole Lands., Tenements, o.r Hereditaments, are limited in Itrict or other Settlement, or to any Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapaeity, as in the Paid fil'd: recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with art convenient speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid alfefting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall Hot be so applied then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the rl ime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application ' so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur- w,iere the chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, or belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity exceed iccl as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and nor less than shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all 2o1-such Cafes the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said - Accountant

fao 4/ GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Acccountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved by Two or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends aiifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

Application X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That wheTe such Money

M^nc t|*seief, agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be lei's

than 20I. than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Add, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use or Benefit of such Person or Persons lb entitled respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, \_describing them] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according, to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Calbier or C.alhiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such

Sum

In case of not lurking out Titles;

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

44i

4.€ EORGII TIT. Cap. 26.

Sum p.- Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Hie the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such (Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or to any Bank A nnuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Ipterest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Herditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of any Person or Persons or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of ail Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or so much of the Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the Treasurer out of the Money to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, out of the Money already collected or received, or to be collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Jufh'ces, and others, without being specially pleaded.

[ix Per.J 5 T XVI. And

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession only, &c.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchase to be paid by the Trustees.

Expences of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

442

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

•: . v;

It -

47° GEORGII III. Cap.'26.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act ft nil commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

- ■" 1 - !' L-"-----

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. itic;.

> / . i. ’ v’

• J O' ;:t >» c

i , Ol ", ,1. J * *-*>(.'•■

■rt’ -■

a b a a, b

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 27.

An Act for coniinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Fitrh and Twenty-hxth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Mimhead, and from Dunjler and TVatchet, in the County of Somerset; and for improving certain other Roads therein described in the said County.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled. An 5 G. 3.

Act for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in C-II3-Repair, several Roads leading from the Pert, Town, and Borough of Minehead, and from Dunfter ana Wjtchet in the County of Some let: And c. 136?' whereas an Act was patfed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His , said present Majesty for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging

the Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or Trusteeshave by virtue of the said several Acts have proceeded to put the fame in conMerabL Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Sum of ° Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Money still remains due and Money, owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually [Loc. ft? Per.] 5 U amended;

44-6

47° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Terrtt of the iaid Ad is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provision* thereof altered, amended, and enlarged} and it is nect/fary that the Tolls granted determined by the said Acts shoud be increased: And wheri-as the Roads in t e parish of Old Cleevc, near the Vi'lage of Wajbforil, leading through the P r Ihes of Saint Decumans, Sampftrd L'rett, Bicknolcr, S'ogumber, Crowctmbe Bagb rcuyb, Iydeard Saint Lawrence, and Coomte Ilorey, to a Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bishop Lydeard, all in the County of Semerfet. are much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious; and it would b- a great Benefit and Advantage to the Publick, if the said Roads were put under the Care and Management of the said Trustees, and made Part of the Roads by the said recited Acts directed to be amended and kept in Repair, and the Provisions of the said Acts extended to the said Road herein-before described, fuhjtd to the Regulations and Rt-flridions herein-after mentioned: May it therefore Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Recited AAs the Authority of the same, That the said recited A s, and all anci every furthercon- the Powders, Provision?, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Mat-tiiiued, and ters, and Things therein contained ( except such as relate to Exemptions thereof ex->n from Stamp Duties, and except such Part or Parts thereof as are by this tended to A*t varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and are hereby further con-thisAfi. tinued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, widening, turning, altering, and keepi g in Repair the fever-1 Roads comprized in the said recited Acts, and also the new or additional Roads herein-bcf re particularly delctibe I, as fully and effectually, to a'l Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Directions, ’enaltits, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things (except as aforesaid were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and as if the said new or additional Roads had originally been Part of the Roads included in the said recited Acts; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect on the Twenty-fourth Day of June next after the paffug of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said Acts, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter become due on the Cr dit of the said Acts or this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due ih;reon respectively.

Trustees. If- And be it further enacted, That S r Thomas Dyke A 'and and Sir Robert Batefon Harvey Baronets; Hugh Acland, Charles A eland, Robert Adams, William Atkins, "John Avis, George Ealcb, Dane! Badcock, Thomas Bowman Clerk, George Beadon, Thomas Burchur, Jcjeph Brody, John Bryant, James Buclnell, James Bernard Camplin, Abraham Clarke the younger, William Charley William Criddle, Jafeph Cape, John Cornish, Thomas Charter, Thomas Mai t Charter, John Crsfs, Thomas Cridland, Brands Chilcctt, William Davit, William Dilble, Robert Dore, James Eubrooke the younger, Nathaniel Edbrcoke, William Edbrooke, Robert Edbrooke, Thomas Evans, the Honourable Matthew Fortescue, Matthew Foitefcue the younger, William Fortescue, Henry Fortescue, George Good-

•«s>

Another Road necessary to be repaired.

447

47e GEORGII Ilf. Cap. ?.j.

ing, Robert Griffith John Gatrhe'l, join Gooding, Thomas Gooding, Joseph Guilin Clerk, Lhirles GtiUy Clerk, "John Gibbs, Wiltiatd Gibbs, •Jthn Greets*

Jlade the younger, Robert He* the y ung r of Harwood. Anthony Huxtable,

William llok, Edmund Trowhidgt Ha/lidav, John Ha Hi day, William Hook,

John Hook, J.hn Jenkins ot Watchet, Thomas Jenkins, William Jenkins the younger, Joseph J /usings, Edward ’Jefferies, John Fownes LUitrell the younger, ■henry haunts Luttrell, Frarcis Fownes Lut:rcll the younger,

Thomas Fownes l.uttrell the younger, Alexander Fownes Luttrell tile younger, Will am Langdon, John Lock, John Lydaon, Langley Saint A ban, Thomas Blackwell Leigh. Edward Lee, Lawrence Heard Luxton Clerk, William Lyddon. John Langdon, William Mefon, ‘1 homas Merchant,

Nathaniel Merchant, John May, John Moore, Abraham Moore, William Moore, Robert Moorle, William Floorle, John Mi ton, James Melhuish,

Cornelius Marsh, Charles Newten, George Nilbs Clerk, James Newcosnbe,

Richard Oatway, Henry Poole Cieik William Potter, Francis Pearfe of Stogumber, James Pearfe, John Priejl, John Puhnan, John Potter,

Francis Popham, John Perring, Edward Kfdon, John Radford, Joseph Rawle, Edward Sanger, Joffua Stepherf n Clerk, Charles Lionel Scott Clerk, John Slocombe, John Smith, Thomas Stark y, William Sully, John Tapfcott, James White of Skilgate, John Webber, Thomas Welsh, George Welsh, James White of Cutcombe, Robert Whitefeld, Richard Wheddon,

Thomas Toung Williams, Mich a I Winte-, James Wood, William Wood,

James Whitejeld, John Worth, Henry George Warrington, Thomas Warrington Warrington, J hn Tyndale War re, William Withycombe, Jamet Wuhycombe, and William Teande, shall be and are hereby joined with and added to the Trustees named in or appointed in pursuance of the said Acts, subject to the like Qualification as is contained in the said Acts, and shall, in ail Respects whatsoever, have the like Power and Authority to act in the Execution of the said Acts and of this Act, as if they had been originally appointed Trullees by the said Aits, or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, Thar the Road leading from the Town Additional of Dun/ler unto Lex hole Bridge in the Parish of Garhampton, and also the ^u4<i3-Road leading from the Cross Way at the Welt End of Long Street in the Village or 't own of Willitoi in the Parish of Saint Decumans, unto a

Place called Rydon in the said Parish of Saint Decumans, shall be included, deemed, and taken as Part of the said Turnpike Roads.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose only of better Roads divided ascertaining where and in what Manner the Tolls herein-after granted into Distrias. shall be collected, received, and applied, the several Roads hereby

dtrested to be repaired shall be and are hereby divided into the several Ciftri&s herein-afn-r mentioned; (that is to say), the Road leading from the Quay in the Town of Minehead in the County of Somerset, through the Parishes of Minehead, Dunjler, Timberfcombe, Garhampton. Cutcombe,

Exton, Brompton Regis, Dulverton, Bruffford, and Morebath, to Batham Bridge in the Town of Bamptsn in the County of Devon, shall be One District of the said Roads, and shall be called The Minehead DiJlriH: Minehead And that the said Roads, from the Bottom of Rattle Row Hill in the District. Par;fh of Dunjler aforesaid, through the Parishes of Dunjler, Car-hampton, Wilby.ombe, Old Cleeve, Neitlecombe, Monkjilver, and E/wonhr, to Hartiow Cate in the Parish of Stogumber; and also the Road from the

48

Dunfter

Distri6\.

Stowey

District.

Watcbet

District.

Crowcombe

District.

t

Application of Tolls.

Additional

Half-Toll.

Trustees empowered to take a Sunday’s Toll.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

the said Town of funjler to L-oxhole Bridge in the said Parish of Carbarhptdn; and also the Road at the Junction of the Turnpike Roads, near the Church Yard in the said Parish of Carhampton, through the Parishes of Carhampton and Old Cleeve, unto the Market Place in the said Town of Watcbet in the said Parish of Sa nt Decumans, shall be another Didrift of the said Roads, and shall be called The Dunjler DistriSl 1 And that the said Roads front the said Market Place in the I own of Watcbet in the said Parish of Saint Decumans, through the Parishes of Saint Dccumans, West Quantoxhead, East S$u nltxhead, Kilve, Halford, Kilton, and Doddington, to the Vicarage House in the Town and Parish of Nether Sttivey; and also the Road front the Cross Way at the West End of Long Street in the Vdlage or Town of Williton in the said Parish of Saint Decumans, to a Place called Rydon, into the Turnpike Road in th said Pari Hi of Saint Decumans, towards the said Town of Stcivey. shall be another District of the said Roads, and shall be called Ihe Stowey Diflrifl: And that the said Roads front the Four Cross Way, South-east of the said Town of Watchet, where the present South-east Gate is now firuate, including the said Gate, through the Parifltes of Saint Decumans, Nettlecomle, Old Cleeve, Monkfdver, lluish Champflower, Brompton Regis, Upton, Skilgate, and Morebath, unto the Minehead District of the Turnpike Road in the said Town of Ba nipt on; and also the Road from the said Watcbet South-east Gate to the Village or Town of Williton, and forming a Junction with the Crowcombe District of Road, shall be another District of the said Roads, and shall be called The Watcbet District: And that the said Roads from the Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Old Cleeve. near the Village of Wajhfird, through the Parishes o( Old Cleeve and Saint Decumans (including any Part of the Roads fr in the said Village or Town of Williton to Tower Hill), Sampford Brett, Bicknoller, Stogumber, Crowcombe, Bagborough, Lydeard Saint Lawrence, and Coombe Florey, to a Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bishop Lydeard, shall be another District of the said Roads, and shall be called The Crowcombe Dislrid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls and Duties to be col-lested upon each District of the said Roads (except as in the said recited Acts are mentioned), and the Money already borrowed, or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be applied, laid out, and expended upon each District of Road respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Tolls in and by the said recited Acts granted, there shall, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, be demanded and taken at ail and every the Gates and Turnpikes erected, or to be erected or continued by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, One-half of the Toll in addition to the Tolls then otherwise payable by the said recited Acts.

VII. And iis :t further enacted, That the said Trustees shall caofe to be demanded and taken at all and every the Gates and Turnpikes already erected, or to be erected or continued on the said Roads on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in the preceding Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Sunday

Night),

449

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

Night), Double the Tolls which shall for the Time being be authorized to be collected on any other Day under Or by virtue of the said Acts or this Ac).

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall pay Toll for the palRng of any HorCe or other Beall, or Cattle or Carriage, through any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected, or to be erected or continued by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall, upon producing a Ticket of the Day denoting such Payment, be permitted to pass and repass with the fame Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, at any Time or Times as often as he shall think proper during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the ntxt succeeding Night, through the fame; and also through every other Gate or Turnpike which shall be then (landing in, upon, across, or by the Side of any Part of the Roads included or comprized in the said recited Acts or this Act (except as in such recited Acts or this Act are mentioned).

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Notes or Tickets of the Day denoting Payment of the Tolls at the Watchit East and South-east Gates, or either of ihem, shall entitle the Bearer thereof to pass through any Gate or Gates to be erected on any Part of the Crowcombe District of Road, commencing from or near the Village of IVcifbford in the said Parish of Old Cfeeve, unto the said Parish of Crowcombe, and vice versa; and also that the Notes or Tickets of the Day denoting the Paymenc of Tolls at any Gate or Gates erected, or to be erected from the Crols Way at the Welt End of Long Street, in IVilliton aforesaid, to a Place called Rydon inclusive, shall entitle the Bearer to pass throngh the Watcbet East and South-east Gate?, or either of them, and also through any Gate or Gates to be erected on any Part of the Crowcombe District of Road, commencing from the said Parish of Crowcombe, towards and unto the said Village of Wash/ord, and vice verjd; and also that the Notes or Tickets of the Day denoting the Payment of Tolls at any Gate or Gates erected, or to be erected in the said Parish of Carbampton, shall entitle the Bearer to pass through any Gate or Gates to be erected on any Part of the Crowcombe District of Road, commencing from or near the said Village of V/aJhford, unto the said Parish of Crowcombe, and vice verfd: Provided always, that only One Gate shall be erected across any Part of the Road leading from the West End of Long Street, in IVilliton aforesaid, to Rydon, and that such Gate shall be erected within Twenty Yards of the South-west End of IVibble Lane: Provided also, that only One Gate shall be erected across any Part of the Crowcombe District of Road, leading from the said Dunfter Dilfridt of Road, near the said Village of iVajhford, unto the said Parish of Crowcombe.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, paid, applied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, as is or are mentioned and contained in the said recited Acts respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be' taken.

Tolls payable but once * Day,

shall be pa fled through with Tickets.

Tolls veiled in Trustees.

45° 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

nJPtl<?ns X!. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pacing of ro,n 0 this Act, no Person shall be charged with or compellable to pay any of the Tolls made payable by the said recited Acts or this Act, for any Horse or other Beall drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which shall be going unladen for, or shall be then used only in conveying or returning unladen or empty, after having been employed only in conveying Stone, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing any publick Road or Highway; or any Lime, Dung, Mould, or Compofl, for the manuring of any Garden, Land, or Ground; or for any Horse or other Bead not drawing, which shall be going unladen for or shall be then used only in carrying or returning unladen, after having been employed only in carrying any such Stone, Gravel, or other Materials, Lime, Dung, Mould, or Compolt, for the Purposes aforesaid; or for any Carriage, Horse, or Cattle going for the Purposes of or returning from the ploughing, tilling, or sowing any Land or Ground, or which shall be used or employed only in the Carriage of or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or unladen alter having been employed only in carrying or drawing any Hay unfold and not for Sale, or any Corn in the Straw unfold and not for Sale, or any Straw or Wood for Fuel unfold and not for Sale; or for any Carriage or Cattle going for or passing with any Sull, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry; or for any Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pallure within the Distance of Two Miles; or for any Horses or Cattle going to be or returning from being Ihoed or famed; nor Avail any Toll be demanded or taken from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Minillerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresscs under the Authority of His Majesty's Poltmaller General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers or Volunteers upon their March or on Duty; or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms and Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Perl'ons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Pali'es; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalli, Chair, or other Carriage, or the Horles or Cattle drawing them, or for any Person on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to I'ctve in Parliament for the said County of Sorncrfet, or Devon, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or

8 after

47° GEORG 11 TU. Cap. 2 7- 45*

after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from the First Day of November Camara train any One Year to the last Day of February in the fucctetling Year, pl°rra m there shall be demanded and taken at each and every Gate or Turnpike Trnbe? erected, or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, tween certain an additional Toll, equal to the Toll then otherwise payable for every Periods, fub-Horse or other Beall of Draught drawing any Carriage employed in ^\an carrying or conveying any Timber Tree or Trees (except Carriages with

One Horse or other Beall of Draught which shall not be liable to the Payment of such additional Toll, or any Part thereof).

XIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be demanded and Declaring taken at each and every Gate erected, or to be erected or continued by ^atcnoTirn* virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, an additional Toll, equal to jarry" the Toll then otherwise payable for every Horse or other Beast of Draught more than drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying any Timber One Ton and Tree or Trees which shall exceed in Weight One Ton and an Half; ^Vnan with provided such Carriage shall not have the Sole or Bottom of the Wheels Seven Inch thereof of the respective Breadths of Seven Inches, and which shall be Wheels, &c. deemed and considered of such respective Breadths only as such Wheels

shall roll a flat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Fordeposit-Trustees, and their Surveyor or Surveyors under an Order of the said ing Materials, Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any other Person or Persons

by their Appointment, to lay, or place, and deposit any Stones, Gravel,

Sand, Furze, Heath, or other Materials which shall be gotten for repairing, widening, and improving the Roads comprized in the said recited Acts or this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, or to remove from any such Roads any Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, or Materials collected in widening, repairing, and improving any such Roads, and to place and deposit the fame in or upon any Lands or Grounds, either open or inclifed, adjoining or lying near to any Part or Parts of the said Roads (not being a Yard, Garden, Park, Paddock, Plantation, or Nursery for Trees), making such Compensation and Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of any such Lands or Grounds, other than Waste Lands, for the Damages occasioned thereby, as any ’I wo Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Somerset and Devon, or either of them, shall determine to beareason-able Compensation for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Collectors of* Litigation shall arile, touching Or in anywise relating to the Tolls by the Tolls, &c. said recited Acts or this Act appointed to be collected, or any of them, tol compe-the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or the Renter or Renters of such Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by ot under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafen of his or their

being

Parochial Surveyors required to deliver Notices, irvi-.r'i-

Penalty oh Omission.

45a 47° GEORGII III. 27.

being so appointed to collect or rent the said Tolls, or acting tranler the Authority of the said Trustees.

V*5 ' 1

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the parochial Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed in either of the Parishes included in the said recited Acts or this Act, shall, upon Notices being delivered for that. Purpose to them or any of them, by the Surveyor or Surveyors

\ appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them, within Pen Days next after the Receipt of such Notices, issue out and deliver to all and every the Occupiers of Grounds, Lands, or Hereditaments, adjoining any Part of the Turnpike Roads in his or their respective Parish, such Notice or Notices, signed by such Surveyor or Surveyors so appointed by the said Trustees as aforesaid, requiring each and every such Occupier as aforesaid, at the proper Season of the Year, to shear the Hedges and prune the Trees belonging to such respective Occupiers, and also to deanfe the Ditches, Drains, and Water Tables adjoining any such Grounds, Lands, or Hereditaments, in such Manner as the Surveyor or Surveyors so appointed by the said Trustees as aforesaid shall in such Notice or Notices express and direct; and in case such parochial Surveyor or Surveyors shall omit or refuse to issue out and deliver to each and every Occupier such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, within the Space of Ten Days next after the Receipt of any such Notice or Notices for that Purpose, each and every such parochial Surveyor or Surveyors, so neglecting or refusing for the Space of Time aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in case any or either of itrch Occupiers shall, after the Receipt of such Notice or Notices, omit or neglect, for the Space of One Calendar Month next after the Receipt of such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, to shear the Hedges, prune the ‘Frdfes, and also to cleanse the Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors so appointed by the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall in such Notice or Notices express and direct, each and every such Occupier so neglecting or refusing for the Space of r Time aforesaid shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; their Hedges, which Penalties shall be recovered and applied in like Manner as other the Turrpikf Penalties are by the said recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be Road, after recovered and applied.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any of them, may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing which shall be done against or by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, or any of them, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that such Clerk or T/eafurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, shall he fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expence$,

Penalty air Occupiers rot (hearins

Notice.

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer.

453

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

as by the?Event or in confluence of any such Action or Proceedings he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons who have become Sobscribers, or who shall hereafter become or agree or engage in Writing to become Subscribeis towards the Expences of repairing and improving the said Road, called Tbt Crcvjcombi Di/lritt, shall, after Forty Days previous Notice in Writing, under the Hands of any Seven or more of the said Trustees, for that Purpose to him, her, or them given or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by him, her, or them so subscribed, or agreed or engaged in Writing to subscribe, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustee3, of any Seven or more of them, to bring or cause to be brought any Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Suit against any Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Adrni-niltrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and upon Proof of such Person or Persons having so subscribed, or agreed or engaged in Writing to subscribe, and of such Notice being given as aforesaid, such respective Sum or Sums so subscribed, or agreed or engaged in Writing to be subscribed, or so much thereof as shall be required to be paid by such Notice, shall be recovered with full Costs of Suit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or for the Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (under the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them), to widen, divert, turn, or alter the Coutfe of any of the said Roads, or any Pait or Parts thereof, into, upon, or through any Commons or Waste Grounds comprized in either of the Parishes mentioned in the said recited Acts or this Act, without making any Satisfaction to any Person or Persons for so doing, and also into, upon, or through any Grounds of any Person or Persons in either of the Parishes aforesaid, making such Satisfaction for the lame as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and for that Purpose the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to treat, contract, and agree with the Several Owners, Occupiers of, and Persons interested in, any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, into or through which the said Roads shall be widened, diverted, turned, or altered, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners, Occupiers, and Persons interested, or any of them, shall thereby sustain, and out of the Tolls granted by this Act, or out of the Money to be borrowed on the Credic thereof, to pay for such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and for such Loss or Damage, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement or Purchase; and in case the said Trustees, and such Owner or Owners, and other Person or Per-l'ons interested as aforesaid, cannot agree touching such Compensation, then the same shall be settled and ascertained in inch Manner as is directed by the said first recited Act with respect to Lands, Grounds, or Here-

& Per.~\ 5 X ditaments

For compelling Subscribers to the Additional Branch of Road to pay their Subscription Money.

Surveyor*

under the JJireftions of the Trustees may widen Roads, and make new ones, making Saiis fact hu. to the Owners.

T rultees may contraA for the Purchasa ot Lands, 8cc. to be laid into Roads.

4-5+

4-7* GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

ditaments thereby authorized to be taken for the Purposes of the said Act 1 Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to the faking down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in the Scire oh any House or other Building, or to take in any Park, Garden, Orchard, or Yard, or any planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any ir.clnftd Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, without the Conient ‘of the Owners thereof in Writing, first had and obtained.

No Mcncy on one lJit-tridt shall be applied in the Pure bate of Land in another Dif-

tria.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to b.e borrowed, and the Tel s collected, or hereafter to be collected on each District of Road, and which may be advanced and paid on accourt oi the Purchase of any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall be paid from the Money which hereafter may be borrowed, or front the Tolls collected or to be collected from such Dillrift of Road only whereon any such Purchase of Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall be made.

Statute

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or

Labour. shall be liable to do ‘statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, dia l still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore) and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Roads are situate (as the Case may he), and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them determined by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame do lie, and a!ft> what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a-Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Tt-uftees, or to their Treasurer or Treafu?ers) and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lilts, before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such-Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of auy Money in lieu of or as a. Composition for Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Tills of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways) and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as. aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statut Woik in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the lame shall be done at> such Dayt, and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trullees, or their Surveyor o»-Surveyors, shall from lime to Time order, direct, and appoint) and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by ft^ch Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any

455

t

a

n

Ml

I

:oi it&

■id

iti

ad

in,

wt,

Pra-

to!

hid

itfct

xt.

kil

M

tees

igfc.

ices

liter

«i»

its

jsl

<10

the

yi

[tots

rta

iss>

toil

Hit

sJia-

t*

jsu

«st

Hff

47° GEORG [I III. Cap. 27.

Money in lieu of or as a Compofttiort for Statute Work as aforesaid, (o pay I'uch Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall th nk proper to the said Trustees or their Treaftirer, at fitch Time or Times as the find Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame shall and may be recovered by Dili refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Ptrpins liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or then usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Sutveyor to the said Trustees, Ihtdl for every Day of his, her, or their Dei m:', or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beall or Beasts, to be prow- ed by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject dr i; able toby any Law or Statute in force or effect Tor riie Repair of the pub-Lick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shal I be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found iide or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmils the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe, every such Person (ha IT he subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he h-id negl cted or refused to come, or such Team or D aught had nut been lent to work on ;ny Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads •, and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Paddies or Places shall refule or wilfully neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lids, every1 such Surveyor lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings'.

XXII. And be it further enactdd, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid,-for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, t ken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the Lid recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trud, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for and on Behalr of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ceduique Trust, or to any Person who'e' Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court ol Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parti the Trustees for executing the said2 Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation. of the Lid Court, to. be dignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons w'ho would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of-any'Debt or Debts, or such other Ineunj-

brances,

Application of Comper.-fation, if amounting to -200L

456

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

branecs, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or aflefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purpose?, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Rtduc d Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

A lication

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money of Cornpen- so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-fation if Ids ments purchased, taken, or used f r the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging than a ol to any Corporation, or to aHy Person or Persons under any Disability or e*Ce* Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-befor^ directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application of Compen-fatioa, if lese than sol.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be

less

457

*7" GEORG It HI. Cap. 27.

Jess'thain Twenty Pounds, then and in all. such Cases the fjfrnb shall be' applied, to the'TJfe r>F the I-'erson or Persons who would for the Time being have,’been entitled to the Rent's and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments io purchased, taken, or uled, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in inch Manner as the said Trullees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Pdoney shall be paid to hi?, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in pase the Person or Persons In case of not to whom’any Sum or’Siims of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue persons ca

of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or not be found,

shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction Purebate of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Mimcytobe Sum or Sums of Money shall he so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, BanCsubject or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here- to the Order ditaments, be not known or discovered. then and in every such Case it of the Court shall and may be lawful to and fur the said Trullees to order the said Sum of

or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of or Petition.

England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Dilpofrion of the said Court of Chancery, which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Partt hereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary VY'ay of Proceeding or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid our and invelled in the Publick Funds, and to order 1) Itribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Pilate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Peson or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or t.alhiers of the Bank of En’!am, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose.Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons a, shall pay any such Sum of Sums of Money into the Bank as a'orel id.

XXVI. Provided ahvavs, and be it further enacted, That where any C^aeftion Iliad afife, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the A ftp tin riant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or cf any Efbte, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who Hull have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or [Lee. & Per ] 5 Z Persons,

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title tu Money to be paid, the Persons who shall he in Possession of the Land,

&c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed ea-

45«

titled thereunto, according to such Post'.ffion, unless, &c.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees,

Expences of

this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and continuance of-tfce Act.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

Peffons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lamb, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fbewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, ill all be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful PoC. fession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Eftata or Interest therein,

XXVIf. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchasa Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposts as the said Court shall direct,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the applying for, preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of the Monies now remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected, borrowed, or received by them, cr any of them, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, or out of such Part or Parts thereof and in such Proportions as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall in their Discretion think proper and direct; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect on the said Twenty-fourth Day of June next, and shall continue in force Iran that Time for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and frejn thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strakan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 28.

An Act for granting to the Chapel lately rebuilt in the Royal Hospital of Bridewell, all the Rights and Privileges belonging to the former Chapel of the said Hospital, lately taken down.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS by certain Letters Patent bearing Date at Westminster, the Twenty-sixth Day of June, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, and in the Year of Our Lord One thousand five hundred and fifty-two, the said King did give and grant unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, (among other Things) all that his Manor, Chief Messuage, Tenement, and Mansion House, called Bridewell other-Bridewell Place, with all and singular its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in London, upon the special charitable Trulfs in the said Letters Patent mentioned and set forth: And whereas by virtue of the Laws, Ordinances, and Regulations, made and now in force, concerning the said Hospital of Bridewell, and of certain Articles of Agreement bearing Date the f ifteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eigluy-two, and made or expressed to be made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of (with other Hospitals therein mentioned) the said Hospital called Bridewell, and the President, Treasurer, and acting \_Loc. df Per.2 6 A Governors

R ecitcs Grant of King Edward 6, 26th June 1552.

Agreement 1 tth June 1782, between the City and the Hospitals.

462

22 G. 3. C. 77.

Chapel from Time immemorial.

Former Chapel pulled down, and present rebuilt on a Scite a few Yards distant from the former. Doubts as to Validity of Marriages.

After present Chapel shall be consecrated, Marriages shall be so-lemnized therein, according to the Form of the Church, and the Provisions of'

26G. 3. C. 33.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Governors of the fame Hospital; and of an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City o/Tondon, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Ho)pit ah Edward King of England the Sixth, of

Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apojilc, and of the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in Weft Smithfield, near London, and of the House and Hospital called Bethlehem, and the Pref dents, Treassurers, and ailing Governors of the said several Hospitals, the actual Government, Ordering, Management, and Disposition of the said Hospital of Bridewell, and of the Estates, Possessions, Revenues, Business, and Concerns thereof, were committed and confirmed to, and are now veiled in and executed by certain Persons fly led " The President, Treasurer, and Governors of the United Hospitals of " Bridewell and Bethlehem," confiding of the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, and of Twelve of the Common Councilmen of the said City for the Time being, appointed such Governors by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, and of several other Persons elected such Governors at General Courts or Committees holden for the said Hospitals of Bridewell and Bethlehem, according to the Rules and Orders in that Behalf: And whereas there hath been within the said Hospital of Bridewell, fr m Time immemorial, a Chapel for the Spiritual Use and Edification of the several Persons inhabiting within the said Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct thereof, called Bridewell Precinct, in which Chapel the Service of the Church of England, as by Law established, hath been regularly performed, the Sacraments of such Church duly administered, and Marriages solemnized by a Miriifter of the said Church: And whereas the said Chapel, on account of its decayed State, hath been lately taken down, and another Chapel built within the Distance of a few Yards from the Scite of the former Chapel: And whereas in consequence of the present Chapel having been foerested upon a Scite of Ground in some Degree different'from that occupied by the former Chapel, Doubts have arisen whether Marriages, solemnized therein, would be valid and legal; for the Removal of which Doubts, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Corifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and as soon as the said Chapel, so lately built in the said Hospital of Bridewell, shall be duly consecrated, according to the Usage of the United Church of England and Ireland, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the officiating Miiiifter for the Time being in the said Chapel, to publish Banns of Matrimony therein, and to solemnize Marriages therein, according to the Form of Solemnization of Matrimony contained in the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, and not otherwise; and in pursuance of the Provisions and Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Plis late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages, and all Marriages so solemnized in the said Chapel, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, as if such Marriages had been solemnized in the amient Chapel, so taken down as aforesaid, and a Register of every such Marriage, or a Copy thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence of such Marriage, in such and the like 1 o Manner,

4 63

47° GGEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Manner, as the Register of any Marriage, solemnized in any Parish Church is received iii Evidence.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Chapel so lately rebuilt, shall have and be entitled to all and singular the Rights, Privileges, and Immunities, possessed by the ancient Chapel, so taken down of the said Hospital of Bridewell, and the Precinbl thereof, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes; and such new Chapel shall be maintained, repaired, and supported in such and the like Manner as the said ancient Chapel, lately taken down, was maintained, repaired, and supported.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the President, Treasurer, and Governors for the Time being of the United Hospitals of Bridewell and Bethlehem, annually to elebl an officiating Chaplain for the said Chapel, and to provide for the Support of such Chaplain at their own Discretion out of the Funds and Revenues of the said Hospital of Bridewell, in such and the like Manner as the said President, Treasurer, and Governors were enabled to elebl an officiating Chaplain of the said ancient Chapel so taken down, and to provide for the Support of such Chaplain; and the said President, Treasurer, and Governors for the Time being, shall have, hold, exercise, and enjoy such and the like Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Immunities, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions with respect to such Chapel so lately built, as the said President, Treasurer, and Governors had held, exercised, and enjoyed, and were subject and liable to, with respect to such ancient Chapel so taken down.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Abl, and shall be judicially taken Notice of, as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being especially pleaded.

Chapel shall be entitled to all the Rights, &c. of the former Chapel.

Chaplain shall be annually elected and supported as before.

Governors possess the same Rights with respect to the present, as to the ancient

[Publick Act.]

Chapel

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

I

5>‘- i

J, \ * f -

r.

2&

!*'• ">• i V-i ' V CJ: v

/- ?J Vi ,%W‘ t: : 3 . i! v.jr

' > / j -

• ><- ..j’.;: . * i - . 4): df

" ’• :i dfli$

G!«Tr*ar;.-.. *£$ ' 10 U\

J fX

' ‘ r *i - r

t;

: ci

£!•-•’•■ I' 5ITC

fy,

an

v , -

- f

i/v: ‘*el . . . i - i- io- v.

ir j y ■"' r; f.

■: JVi (c.r ’.: ->rb ’C

*' Vi . ' > 4.:

rt.J. iJ f '.r . JOij Vul

saOrcvulfpn!

..'A .; C}

.. •>.; . .-. :.irr '

vjvonjni*. Liu- noi v 1

■ w

peie

.• i, ' ■;

fx x

:o

T*t .: lol;

J . '

t- . * . - . ;s

ii j

■ - xifil % , >r) hi * IM

- (jsi-xU C -.•

■ nit \> f»

•.«• nc>iuw?

tf. v 33>A 15 •' !!

• . Uini ,!!t,: . P* "

J.' . ji1j '

4au; "

1 r. . ’J hik. 1

q -.,1 i l.o Kiz- > !s» »I.V . <^ »>i

’>•' 'j <*v>! > "

.■ . 4,kj

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 29.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fiftieriesof the River Iweed. (_25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign nG.i-e.a7.

of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for regulating «< and in proving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and " Streams running into the fame, and all’o within the Mouth or Entrance " of the said River," certain Provisions and Regulations were cfla-blished for the Preservation and Improvement of the said Fisheries:

And whereas another Act was made in the Fifteenth Year of the *SG 3-e-46. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His pre-" lent Majesty's Reign, intituled ‘ An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams run-" ning into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the " laid River:" And whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-fe-vemh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled "An Act for 3*6.3. c. 48. " altering, amending, and rendering more effectual Two Acts made in [Z.cr. fs? Per.'] 6 8 the

\%b 47° GEORG 11 in. Cap. 29.

" the Jilcyeiuh ^nd fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, ".far the Regulation and Improvement of the Fishmes in the River " Tweed, and the Rivers and Su-eams running into the fame, and il'b " within the Mouth or Entrance of the said kiver:" And whereas it has been found by Experience that the Penalties for killing Fish within the Periods prohibited by the said Acts of the Eleventh and Fifteemh - Years of His present Majesty, have, from the increased Price of Fish,

become totally inadequate to the Purpose intended •, and it is therefore expedient that the Amount of the Penalties should be encreased: And whereas it is expedient more effectually to detect and prevent all unlawful modes of fishing and taking Fish in the said Rivers and Streams, to appoint Water Bailiffs, and to grant a Rate or Assessment upon the Rent of the said Fisheries for their Payment, and to make further Regulations for the Protection and Improvement of the said No Person to Fisheries: be it therefore enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, fi 1I1 between by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-, Cjh ral, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

nuary°nor " thority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall between Ten not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Sal-of the Clock mon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whirling, or any Fish denominated Red Nioht and* Fish 'n any ant’ent Grants of Fishing, in the said River Tweed, or in Twoof.the ad7 R>v^r, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Ck>ck on . Ti^ad, Sluice, or Cut, which communica'es with the said River lweetf, Monday or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, At any Time uor'w'the or times between the Tenth Day of October, in any Year, and the Tenth Month of the C>ay of January, in the Year following, or between Ten of the Clock River. on Saturday Night and Two of the Clock on Monday Morning, nor shall it oe lawful. At any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, for any Person or Persons, excepting as hereinafter excepted, to fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, Whirling, or Red Fish, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, and in calc any Person or Persons shall fish contrary to the Prohibitions aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor leis than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and the Sum of Ten Shillings fur every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, Whirling, of Red Fish taken, together with the Fish so taken, and the Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and other Devices made use of in fishing for any such Fish; and the said Joffice dr Justices, or Sheriff Depute, shall order and direct such Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and other Devices to be cut in Pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

No Person to

II. And be it enacted, That noPerfr.n or Persons shall buy or fell, or fell or know- have in his or their Custody or Possession any Salmon, Giiie, Salmon "fokWcd in rout> Fruut, or W hilling, knowing the same to have been killed CJuie Ton*!* or taken in ijje said River Tweed, or in any Kiver, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, within the Periods of the Annual .... 01 Weekly Close Times beforementioned, or within the Mouth or Eu-

- ft trance

4-6/

4?° GEORG 11 HI; Cap. 29.

wince of the said River; and every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor !efs than Five Pounds, for every such Salmon, Gilfe, Salgion Trout, Bull Trout, or Whirling as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, To prevent no Person or Persons shall place, lay, let, continue, or draw, any Net, jjg'^felle' Creel, Hamper, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, in the said River "" °B

!Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Fry.

Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with the said River 1Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, in order to kill pr take any Spawn, Fry, or young Brood, of any such Fish as aforesaid, nor purchase or have in his, her, or their Possession, any such Spawn,

Fry, or young Brood, between the First Day of April, and the First Day of June in any Year; and in case any Person or Persons shall act contrary thereto, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding 1 hirty Pounds, and not less than Ten Pounds for every Parcel of Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of Fish, caught by him, her, or them, or which, though noc caught by him, her, or them, shall be found in his, her, or their Possession, between the said First Day of April, and the said First Day of June.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this To prevent Act, no Person or Persons shall beat the Water, or place, or fee any atil>g th1 White Object, or any other Thing whatsoever, in, over, or across the fai j may^’""ig River Tweed, or in, over or across any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, ga! Obstruc-Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with the tions to the said River Tweed, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, ^-un

so as to prevent the said Fish from entering the said River Tweed, of from going up and down the said River, or any River, Rivulet, Brook,

Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut aforesaid, nor shall by any other Ways, or in any other Manner, prevent the said Fish from entering the said River, and going up and down the said Rivers and Waters before described; and every Person offending contrary thereto-, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if Persons har* any Person or Persons within Five Miles of the said River Tweed, or ,ng; Fish in of any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice,

or Cut, communicating with the said River Tweed, shall have in his. Time, to her, or their Custody or Possession, any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, prove, if re-Bull Trout, or Whitling, at any Time or Times, between the said t)ulrer|, that Tenth Day of October, and Tenth Day of January, the Proof that such noVcaoght Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or W hitling, was not taken in Tweed, or killed in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, between the said Tenth Day of October, and Tenth Day of January, shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whole Custody or Possession the same shall be found.

\ I, And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justicfc or War-ant«to

justices> b*gra«ed,

M68 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Cans'S:'hof Ju^'ces> or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after Cartiers Lc. . Pal^nB of this Act, upon Information in Writing upon Oath to him or them made, and he or they is and are hereby required to authorize and diiect, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in England, or his or their Hand or Hands in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act; and any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five, to be severally named and described in such Warrant, to leaicla the Carts, or other Vehicles of Carriers and Higlers, for all S Imon, Gilfr, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, and Whi'ling, or Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of Fish, caught contrary to the Provisions of this or any of the above recited Acts, and the fame, on Discovery, to seize and carry away.

For the

VII. And for the further Prevention of illegal Practices committed by

Prevention idle and disorderly Persons, in and upon the aforesaid Fisheries, and of Practices' ^a*e t^lt taken, and caught by means thereof, Be it enacted,

&c. ’ That from and after the passing of this Act, upon Complaint, and Information in Writing, upon Oath, made to any one or more Justice or Justices, or Shtiiff Depute as aforesaid, thar cne Informant hath probable Cause to fuspect and believe, and doth fuspect and believe, that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice, or Justices, or Sheriff, before whom the Information is laid, (notbeing Owners or Occupiers of any Fishery, or Fishieries, or otherwise entitled to fish in the said River Tweed or within the Mouth or ^Entrance thereof, or on the Shore btyond the Mouth, or Entrance of the fame, or in the Rivers, or Streams running into the fame,) hath, or have in his, or their Pufll ffion, or Custody, any Salmon, GiHe, Salmon Trout, Bull 1 rout, or Whirling, which have been illegally taken, or caught contrary to the Provisions of this, or any former Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice, or Jolliers, and Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, and he, and they is, and are hereby required ro authorize, and direct by Wariant under his, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in England, or his or their Hand or Hands in Scotland, any High or Petty Constablt, or other Peace Officer, cr Water Bailiff or Water Bml.ffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, to examine and learch the Packages, Baskets or Hampers of any such Person or Persons, at any Place or Places where they may be found, or at the Market where the same are exposed or offered for Sale; and if, upon Inch Sear i h, any Salmon, Gille, Salm.-n Trout, Bull Trout or Vvhiding shall be found, ir shall and may be lawful to and for such High or Petty Constable, or Person or Persons authorized as afo'tsaid, to seize the fame, and the Packages, Baskets or Hampers in which they fhui) be found, and to put and place the lame in fume secure Place or Places for iht iafe Cufledy thereof; and to bring the Body or Bodies of the Pn lori nr Persons, in whole Custody the lame shall be found, before the la d Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, to answer and account for the lame: and the Prool that the Fish (so found upon Search as aforesaid,) were taken by any Fcnon or Persons, legally entitled to fish for the lame, shall lie upon the said lerlun or Potions in whole Custody or Po lie HI on the lame shall be found, and if he, Ihc 01 they Bull 1’ail to make good the lame, to the ‘ Satisfaction

47° OGEORGII III. Cap. 29: 4^9

Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom he, she or they shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall, on Conviction severally forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor dels than Ten Pounds, at the Dil'cretion of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute before whom the Conviction shall be had, and also the Fish so taken, and the Packages, Baskets or Hampers that contain the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Occupier and Occupiers of any Fishery or Fisheries, in the said River Tweed, or in the Rivers and m0"ved ;0 ti,e Streams running into the fame, and of Fisheries, being Property, in the Annua' Mouth or Entrance of the said River, shall, and they and each and Close Time every of them is and are hereby required to remove and carry away from T their several Fishings, Fishing Shields, Boat Stands, Net Greens, F,<henet, Landing Places, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, all Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, used and employed by them in the taking and killing such Fish as aforesaid, on or before the Thirteenth Day of October, in every Year, to be named by the Commissioners or Overseers, hereby appointed to some Place or Places, where the fame can be securely lodged and kept so as to prevent their being used in fishing, and there to remain until the Seventh Day of January, in the following Year; and in case any such Occupier or Occupiers shall refuse or neglect to remove all and every such Boats, Oars, Nets, fin-gines, and other Tackle as aforesaid, and the fame, so removed, to keep secured from the said Fisheries and Premises at the Time aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, on being convicted thereof before any one or more such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, (hull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, norless than Ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such not ,e* Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, upon Application to vedtp^ him or them made in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of the Proprietors or Occupiers of Fisheries in the said River Justicex, ii. Tweed, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals in England, and under his and their Hand or Hands in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, and any Number of Persons not exceeding F'ive to be leve-rally named and described in the Warrant, to learch between the Thirteenth Day of October, and the Seventh Day of "January, in every Year all and every the Fishery and Fisheries, Fishing Shields, Boac Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and the Lands ami Grounds adjoining thereio, and all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, as. they shall find upon such Search, to remove and carry away to some Place or Places, where the lamexran be lecurcly lodged and kept, 'till the Seventh Day of January, in the following Year, at the Expence of the said Owner or Owners; and it the Owner or Ow.ners thereof shall be known or found, to bring him, her, or them, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody the lam« shall be found before the said justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, to aatwer and account for the fame; and every such Owner or Owners,

\Loe, & Per.] b C Person

47®

Penalties not to be dimi-uished, for transgressing the Regulations with regard to Weekly Close Time, but under certain Circuit) tiances. For Regulation of Mill Dams, &c.

4.70 G E ORGII III. Cap. 29.

Person or Persons, respectively, upon due Proof thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, over and above the Expences of such Proceeding; and if the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons who placed, occupied, or used the fame, cannot be found, then the said Constable, Peace Officer, Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, and Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall cause public Notice to be given on the Church or Chapel Door of the Parish, Township, or Place where the same shall be found, and if the same shall not be owned within Eight Days thereafter, the same shall be carried before the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, who directed the Search for the fame; and the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, respectively, shall proceed to condemn the fame, on Proof that no Person or Persons had laid Claim thereto, and may and shall order all such Boats, Oars, Engines, and other Tackle to be burnt, cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed; and if in pursuance of such Search, such High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, and such Persons so appointed as aforesaid, shall find the Door of any Fiftiery, Shield or Out-house locked up, and upon Request: the Occupier shall refuse to open the fame, it shall be iawlul for the said Peace Officer, and other Persons aforesaid, to break open the said Door and search for all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as aforesaid, and if found, to dispose of the lame in Manner hereinbefore directed.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to, nor in the Power of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom any Conviction, with regard to the Weekly dole Time, shall be made, to mitigate the Penalties herein contained, in relation thereto, to a less Sum than the highest Kate, unless the Offence shall have been committed within Half an Hour after Ten of the Clock on Saturday Night, or after one of the Clock on Monday Morning, in which Cafe the Penalty may be mitigated as hereinbefore direcced.

XI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Mill Dams, Dikes, Wears, and other permanent Obstructions to the Run of the Fish in the said River Tweed, or any Rivtr, or Rivulet, Brook, or Scream, running into the lame, shall be so altered, and constructed as to permit and allow of the free Run of the Eilh over them in the ordinary and mean State of such Rivers, or Rivulets, Brooks, or Screams, and in calc the Proprietors, or Occupiers of such Mill Dams, Dikts, Wears, and Obstructions, shall neglect, so to alter and construct them, it shall and may be lawful to the Commissioners, or Overseers, hereinafter-mentioned, or any Three or more of them, to fend a Requisition in Wriiing to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the lame, so to alctr them within Fourteen Days after such Requ (ition shall be made, and in default thereof, it shall and may b-. lawful for the said Commissioners anti Overseers, or any Three or m ire of them, to order and direct such Alteration to be made at the Expence of the Proprietors of the fame, such Pxpence to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as is hereinafter directed, with rcl'pect to the levying, and recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures.

47° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 29.

•XII. And be it enacted, That if in the Use of Pout Nets used for the taking of Trout, the Person or Persons using the same shall take any Salmon, Gille, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whirling, he, she, or they shall restore the same to the Proprietor or Occupier of the Fishery, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds for every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, ■or Whitling detained or appropriated by him, her, or them.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons not authorized by Licence or Leave in Writing, under the Hand of any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Fishery in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, running into the fame, to ftfh with, or use any Net or any Leiller, Salmon Spear, or similar Engine, and the Person or Persons convicted of offending herein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding 'Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds and the Just ice or } offices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, shall order and direct such Nets, Leifters or Salmon Spears, to be burnt, cut to Pieces, or otherwise destroyed.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons within Five Miles of the said River Tweed, or of any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, communicating with the said River Tweed, not duly authorized by Licence or Leave in Writing, under the Hand of any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Fishery in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, running into the lame, to have in his, her, or their Possession, except for the Purpose or manufacturing, or felling the fame, or repairing the fame for Come Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of Fisheries in the said River Tweed, or some River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream running into the fame, any of the Nets or Engines hereinbefore mentioned ■, and the Person or Persons convicted ot offending herein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds; And the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, shall order and direct such Necs or Engines to be burnt, cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed.

XV. And be it enacted, That it Aaall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, upon Information in Writing upon Oath to him or them made, and he and they is, and are hereby required to authorize and direct, by Warrant, under his and their H and and Seal, or Hands and Seals in England, or his or their Hand or Elands in Scotland, any Fligh or Petty Constable, or other Peaces Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, or other Person or Persons not exceeding Five., to be specially named and described in the Warrant, to search in the Day Time the Eloules of Persons not duly authorized to use or have in their Possession any of the Nets or Engines hereinbefore-mentioned, and tlje fame, on Uiicovery, to Icize and carry away.

471

Fish taken in Pout Nets to be restored to the Proprietor or Occupier of the Fishing.

No Nets, Loiters, &c. to be used, &c without Licence,

No PerLm not authori-zedtohave in their Possession, the Nets Or Engines aforesaid, under a Peri slty.

Search War. rants to be granted f«r these.

472

The Names of Proprietors ro be painted on Boats.

Saving of Rights to Manors, Seigniories, and Royalties within the Mouth or Entrance of the River Tweed.

Commissioners and Overseers of the Fishings appointed.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all and every Boat or Boats hereafter to be used in the Fisheries aforesaid, shall have, upon some conspicuous Place thereof, the Name of the Proprietor or Proprietors painted thereon, in Letters of Two Inches in Length, upon Failure wherein the Proprietor of every such Boat shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

XVII. provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall, in anywise, prejudice or affecc the Right of the Owners or Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers of Fisheries, or the Right of any other Person or Persons who now are, or ac any Time or T mes hereafter shall or may be ieifed, possessed of, or entitled to, any Manors, Seigniories, or Royalties, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon ihe Shores beyond the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the fame, but that all and every such Owners and Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers and other Perf.;n or Perl'ons last mentioned shall have and enjoy all such Right of fish-itig, within the said Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the lame, as they have hitherto lawfully exercised and enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made, so as such Right be ukd and exercised at such Times and Sealons only, under such Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereinbefore directed concerning the Fisheries in the said River Tweed, and within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and the Shores beyond the fame; any Thing in this Act' contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And for the better Prevention and Conviction of Offences in regard to the said Fisheries, and the Protection of the fame, Be it ertacted. That all and every the Proprietors of Salmon Fishings in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, running into the lame, or in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, of the annual Value of Twenty Pounds, or which being Royal Grants, shall extend Half a Mile in Length, where such Fishings are only on one S:de of the Water; or a Quarter of a Mile where such Fishings comprehend both Sides of the Water, one Guardian of each Minor enjoying and possessing such Salmon Fishings of the annual Value or Exrent aforesaid, one Trustee of every Estate, and one Member of each Corporation or associated Body, holding such Salmon Fishings of the annual Value or Extent aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissionets and Overseers for the Purpol'es before and hereinafter mentioned: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in Kent; the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Durham -, the Mayor and Corporation of the Town of Berwick-, the Trulttes under the Will of Nathaniel late Lord Crewe-, and the Committee or Committees, for the Time being, of the t slate of the Right Honourable IVtlmot Vaughan, Earl of Ltjiurne, a Lunatic, each to nominate and appoint, by any Instrument, in Writing, under their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time, One Person, being qualified, to be a Commis. fioner and Ovirfcer as aforesaid; to repithni each of them; which Person, so nominated and appointed, Hull be entitled to act in all Meetings

473

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Meetings of the said Commissioners and Overseers, as the Repre-fent3tive of the Perl'ons or Person by whom he is lo nominated and appointed; and shall, besides the Vote to which hr is entitled as a Commissioner and Overseer in his own Right,be also entitled to a Vote or Votes, as the Representative of such of the aforesaid incorporated or associated Bodies, One for each such Body by whom he shall be so nominated and appointed: Provided always, that in no Cafe shall more than One Person act or vote as a Commissioner or Overseer under this Act, in respect of the Property of any One Person, or associated Body of Persons.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons not qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner, or Overseer, under the Authority of this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Offence, to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Session in Scotland, and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons entitled to be a Commissioner or Overseer, for putting this Act in Execution, shall accept of any Place of Profit, anting out of the Rate or Assessment hereinafter granted, such Person or Persons shall from thenceforth, ana while they continue to hold and enjoy such Place or Places be disabled to act as Commissioners and Overseers.

XX'. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and Overseers. shall hold their First Meeting, for che Purposes of this Act, on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, at Cornbiil, an i their next Meeting at Cornbiil\ on the First Day of August thereafter; and thereafter shall hold One General Meeting in every Year, at Cornbiil, upon the First Day of /higttft, except when the First Day of August shall happen on a Sunday, in which Cafe, the Annual General Meeting for that Year, shall be held on the Second Day of August, with Power to the said Commissioners and Overseers at such dated or other General Meetings, to adjourn to such other Time and-Place as they shall think convenient; and also with Power to the said Commissioners and Overseers, at their laid dated or other General Meetings, to appoint a Chairman, Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers, with reasonable Salaries, all of whom, appointed to Offices of Trust, shall find Security for the due Execution of their Offices, and shall account, on Oath, to the said Commissioners and Overseers once every Twelve Months, or oftner (if required) for all Monies received by them, and pay over the Balance in their Hands to the said Commissioners and Overseers, or their Order; and in case of Default in accounting for, or Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, beforementioned, at the Suit of the said Commissioners or Overseers, to commit the Defaulter to Prison, till a faithful Account be rendered, or until he shall have compounded for the Balance due by him, which Composition the said Commissioners or Overseers are hereby authorized and empowered to make: Provided always, that no Person 1o committed shall be detained in Prison (or a longer Period than Three Months.

Ltj_Z.ec. & /V-] 6 25

Penalty on aft (T, it njt quoliaed.

Commission-e s aii'i Over-fe. s shall not aft while holding

PUc s jf Pr cot.

F’rft and

fubl'ejuent

iVlectingt.

474

Quorum.

Proceeding! to be entered

ib Books.

Distria

Meetings, and their Powers.

Water Bailiffs to be appointed.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

XXII. And be it enacted,’ That the Quorum or Number of Commissioners or Overseers, necessary to do Business in General Meetings, shall be Five; but if less than Five shall be present, the Commissioners or Overseers, or Commissioner or Overseer so present shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting, and, in that case. Notice shall be given of the Day, Place, and Purpose of such adjourned Meeting, by Adveriife* ment in One Newcastle Newspaper, and in any Newspaper thac may be published in Kelso, and, in Default thereof, in One Edinburgh Newspaper, at lealt Ten Days before the Day of such adjourned Meetings Provided always, that it shall not be in the Power of any adjourned Meeting to alter or rescind any Acts done, or Resolutions made, by any annual General Meeting, and that at all Meetings whatsoever the Commissioners and Overseers shall defray their own Expences.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all Proceedings of the said Commissioners or Overseers, and an exact Account of all the Money to be received by virtue of this Act, and of the Application of the fame, shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept by their Clerk or Clerks, whose Duty it shall be regularly to enter and record all their Proceedings and Accounts, which Book or Books shall be open to the Inspection of every Commissioner or Overseer without Fee or Reward.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the fair4. Commissioners and Overseers, at their First or at any of the dated General Meetings assembled, or at an adjourned Meeting advertised as aforesaid, for that special Purpose, may appoint different Districts for the better conducting and managing the several Purposes of this Act, and the Times and Places of Meetings of Commissioners or Overseers for each District, and at such District Meetings the Commissioners and Overseers shall have Power to name a Chairman, Clerks or other Officers, with suitable Salaries, and to take such Securities from those appointed to Offices of Trust, for the due Execution of their Offices as they shall think proper} and in District Meetings Three shall be a Quorum, and any one or more attending shall have Power to adjourn } and a particular Report from each District, or Copy of the Books of the Proceedings kept within the same, shall be made to the General Yearly Meeting in every Year} and in case of Failure or Neglect the Clerk to the District shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds Sterling.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners or Overseers in any General or adjourned Meeting assembled, shall and may nominate and appoint such a Number of Water Bailiffs for the Protection of the Fisher-ics and Detection of Offenders, as to them shall appear expedient, of whom One Half shall be honorary and receive no Salary } and the other Half shall receive Salaries at the Discretion of the said Commissioners or Overseers, and be appointed to permanent Duty, in such Capacity as aforesaid, and in any subsequent General or Adjourned Meeting it shall be in the Power of the said Commissioners or Overfe.rs to remove such Water Bailiffs, or any of them, and appoint other , in their Room, and to make such Alterations with regard to their Salaries as to them shall appear proper.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 475

XXVI. And be it enacted, That each of the said Water Bailiffs, before Their Oath, entering upon the Execution of his Office, shall, before any one or morejustice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute before mentioned, take the Oath following, viz.

I A.B. do solemnly swear, that I will duly and faithfully execute

* the Office of a Water Bailiff in Terms of an Act passed in the t Forty-Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, t An Act [Here set forth the ‘Title of this Act.~\ So help me God.’

And if any Person shall presume to act as a Water Bailiff, under the Authority of this Act, without previously taking the Oath hereinbefore appointed, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds Sterling.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Water Bailiffs, appointed as afore- Their Pow-said, shall, after taking the said Oath, be empowered to exercise the ers> Powers and Authorities of Constables upon any Part of the said River

Tweed, or of any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, or any Mill Pool,

Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, communicating with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, or within Five Miles of the said River Tweed, and of the said Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks or Streams, Mill Pools, Mill Leads, Sluices or Cuts, communicating with the said River Tweed, and of the Mouth or Entrance of the said River j and in general concerning the said Fisheries j and at all Times with their Boats or otherwise to enter upon all and every of the Fisheries in the said River Tweed, and of the said Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks or Streams, Mill Pools, Mill Leads, Sluices or Cuts communicating with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof for the Purpose of detecting unlawful Fishings or Obstructions in the said Rivers and Streams, and other Offences against this or any of the said recited Acts; and to moor, anchor or otherwise fix their Boats at such Places as they shall find convenient, provided that by such moor-ing, anchoring or fixing their Boats they do not obstruct or impede any legal Mode of fishing.

XXVIII. And for defraying the Expences to be incurred in carrying this A Rate or Act into Effect, Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Assessment to said Commissioners and Overseers, at their first General Meeting to be be imPofei* held under the Authority of this Act, to impose and ascertain a Rate or Assessment, to be paid by the whole Proprietors of Salmon Fishings in

the said River Tweed, or in any River or Stream running into the fame, and in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, such Rate or Assefs-ment not to exceed Five Pounds per Centum, of the real Rent of the said Fishings, to be paid for the first Year j and annually thereafter at the General Annual Meeting to be held under the Authority of this Act, or first Adjournment thereof at which a Quorum of Commissioners or Overseers shall be present, to impose and ascertain the Rate or Assessment for that Year j such Rate or Assessment to be paid to the Clerks or Collectors for that Purpose to be appointed by the said Commissioners or Overseers.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Expences of advertising for, pre- Expences of paring, procuring, and passing this Act, so far as they shall not ex- this Act to

10 ceed be Pai<h an*

4?6

farther Application of the Money.

Rate and Assessment, how to be levied and recovered.

former Acts, where not altered, to be continued.

fersons aggrieved by the Act of any Justice, may appeal to the Qjar-ter Stfliojs.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

ceed 'I hree hundred Pounds, shall be defrayed out of such Rate or Assessment of the Two first Years, by equal Portions, in the first Piace, and the same shall afterwards be applied under the Authority and Directions of the said Commissioners and Overseers, to defray the Salaries to Clerks and Officers, and to Water Bailiffs, and the other Expences to be incurred under this Act.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the whole Sums of Money arising by the first Year’s Rate or Assessment shall be paid on or before the F irst Day of August next, and for future Years, on or before the First Day o{slugujl yearly; and if any Person, liable in Payment thereof. Hi a 11 neglect or refuse to pay the same to the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed by the said Commissioners or Overseers, on or before the Day of Payment before specified, ic shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within that Part of Great Eri-tain called England, the Town of Berwick-upon-Twerd, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to grant a Warrant for distraining the Effects of the Defaulter, to appraise them on the Spot where found, and afterwards to sell the same by Auction, for Payment of the said Kate or Assessment, together with the full Charges of such Distress, Appraisement, and Sale, and the Surplus (if any,) shall be paid, when demanded, to the Person whose Effects shall have been so distrained and fold; which Warrants shall be granted by such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, upon an Application made to them, or any of them; and an Attrftation, on Oath, signed by such Collector or Collectors, certifying, that the Person or Persons complained of was, or were deficient in Payment of the Rate or Assessment above-mentioned, and expttlhng therein the Arrears due by such Person or Persons.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, Exceptions, Li mirations, For ms of Conviction and Certificate thereof (mutatis mutandis') Matters and Things in the said Three reci.eu Aces, or in any of them contained, and not altered by this Act, shall be deemed and taken to extend, and shall extend to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame were here again repeated and re-enacted.

XXXII. And be it enacted,! hat alland every Person and Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, given in virtue ofany of the Powers granted by this Act, or by any of the said recited Acts, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire, Liberty,or Place, where such Judgment shall be given at their then next General Quarter Seff)ons,but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall first give, or cauie to be given. Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, to the Justice or Justices from whose Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, he, she, or they shall appeal, of his, her, cr their Intention to bring such Appeal, and shall also enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of such Justice or Justices; and the said Justices at their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered

into

477

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 29,

into as aforesaid, shall hear and determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award and order to the Party, for whom and in whole Behalf such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs and Charges as they in their Discretion shall think reasonable and just, to be paid by the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be determined, and in case such Costs and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of Six Days the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay the fame; and if the Person or Persons ordered to pay such Costs, shall happen to remove, or go into any County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court where such Appeal shall be brought or heard, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, of or for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall inhabit or be found, and every such Justice of the Peace is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose to be made, and a true Copy of the Order for the Payment of such Costs and Charges produced, and proved by some credible Witnei’s upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby emp wered to administerj, by Warrant in due Form of Law, to cause the Money mentioned in such Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person that shall be ordered and ought to pay the lame; and the Determination of the said Justices at such Quarter Session shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever: And that all and And those every Person and Persons who shall think himself, herlelf, or them, ^ela^ment selves, aggrieved by any Judgment of any Sheriff Depute, given in o/any se"' virtue of any of the Powers granted by this Act, or by any of the said riff Depute, recited Acts, may appeal to the Lords of Judiciary in the next Cir- may appeal cuit Court of the Circuit wherein such County or Shire shall lie, in the Way, Manner, and Form, and under and upon the Limitations and \B ,h* Conditions prescribed by and contained in an Act of Parliament, passed Circuit in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for taking Court, away and abolishing the Heritable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Penalties or Forfeitures for Of- Recovery fences against this Act, the Mode of Recovery,whereof is not by this Act an<1 Appli«-otherwise particularly provided, may be levied and recovered by Distress tion.of Pe" and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, before any one or more FodeUurei Justice or Justices of the Peace, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more Witness or Witnesses, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or by

ILoc. C? Pw.J 6 E—F Warrant

47* 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 2qi

Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law of such Justice or Justices, and Sheriff Depute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (ail which Warrants such Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute, are hereby authorized and required to grant and to administer such Oath or Oaths,) and the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so levied and paid, shall, from Time to Time, be applied, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the ether Moiety to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offender or Offenders shall be 'orticnof* or re^e> for t*le tile of the Poor of the said Parish, Township, or Penalties, Place, and in case the Proportion of the Penalties, directed to be paid dirrftedtobe or applied to such Overseers, shall not be claimed in Six Months from paid to the the Date of the Conviction or Convictions, the Whole shall be applied demanded"in to ^n^ormer or Informers j and the Justice or Justices, or Sheriff

Six Months, Depute, by or before whom any Conviction shall be made, shall direct the Whole to his or their Cletk or Clerks within Twenty-one Days after the Date of the the Informer, Conviction, to intimate the same to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, as may be entitled to a Proportion of the Penalties as aforesaid; and the Overplus remaining (if any) after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Costs and Charges attending the levying and recovering thereof, are deducted, shall, on Demand, be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained •, and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid in Fourteen Days after such Distress, that then ic shall be lawful for such Justice, Justicts, and Sheriff Depute, and he and they is, and are hereby rcipectively authorized and empowered to commit every such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol, or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or less than Three Calendar Months, as the said Justice or Justices, and Sheriff Depute, upon Conndcration of the Circumstances, shall think fit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, within that Parc of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until after Fourteen Days Notice thereof, in Writing, shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be so brought, or left at his or the r last or usual Places of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action; and that every Action brought for any Thing done, or to be done as aforesaid, shall be brought wuhin the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the general IlTue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial ro be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue hereof; and jf on the Trial of such Action it shall appear that the fame was brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Days next, after such No tice shall have been f> given, or left as aforesaid, or alter the End of Six Calendar Months next, after the Cause thereof shall have ariten, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or alter sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then, and in any of the Cafes

aforesaid.

Limitations of A&ioos against Persons executing this Act ir. England,

4-791

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 29;

aforesaid, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cafes where a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue the lame, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, shall have treble Cods, and have the like Remedies for recovering the fame, as Defendants have for recovering their Cods in other Cafes by Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Prosecution for any Offence or Offences against this Act in that Part of Great Britain •called Scotland, shall be, by Way of summary Petition or Complaint, to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or to the Sheriff Depute for the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, ■who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against airy Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the said former Acts, made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such Action shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months next, after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and in all such Actions the Defendant or Defendants, if absolved or affoilzied from the Action, shall have, and be entitled to, lull Costs of Suit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being speciali/ pleaded.

LONDON:

Printers

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

Treble Costs to Defendants.

Mode of

Proceeding in Actiont brought in Scotland.

Limitation of Actions, under this cr former Acts, in Scotland.

[Public Act.]

’ s

- < t o i

* .1 ’ "i

r*

it . . . , , i l» '

:j ir.'i.'l OJ . i '

- V

ill ,: i: ?c Hi > \Vic> , Jj ti& V»

!•" ■. ? . Ilirfiiw

‘ jjfr:

.. 'i I-li'i-i! jLi lO iii/jil

t (fi ll eti ' &* V f) i :i"A IIV. X/

' '

t '. s . f!*. , l»u[ !: . 4

VV ' . . i

ANNO QtJADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

tm*

Cap. 30.

An Act to enable The Globe Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer; and to inrol Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS several Persons have formed themselves into a Society or Partnership, under the Name of The Globe Insurance Company, and have subscribed very considerable Sums, in order to carry on the Business of insuring Houses, and other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire; to effect Insurances on Lives, and to grant and purchase Annuities: And whereas the Public hath been greatly beneficted by the Formation of such Society or Partnership, with a competent Capital to carry on the fame, and a considerable Revenue is derived to His Majesty therefrom: And whereas Difficulties have arisen, and may from Time to Time arise, as well in recovering Debts, which may grow due to the said Society or Partnership, called The Globe Insurance Company, as in prosecuting Persons who may Real or embezzle the Property of, or who may commit, or be guilty of any other Offence against, or with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership; as, by Law, all the several Subscribers or Proprietors to and in such Society or Partnership mull, in such Cases, sue and prosecute by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions: And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for registering the Grants of Life An-[Loc. Per.3 6 G " nuities

486

Suits to be instituted in the Name of the Trea-fuier.

Act hot to

incorporate the Society, or discharge them trom Responsibi-

lity.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. jo.

" nuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants;" whereby it was and is required, that a IVIemorial of every Instrument granting any Inch Annuity or Rent Charge as is therein mentioned, should, within the Time therein mentioned, be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery; and that such Memorial should, among other Particulars, contain the N ames of all the Parties, and for whom any of them were Trustees: And whereas the said Society or Partnership, by reason of the Number of Persons who are or may be interested therein, is unable to comply with the Requisitions of the said Act in the last-mentioned Respect, and is prevented thereby from rendering the Contradls of the said Society or Partnership for the Purchase or Sale of Annuities effectual and valid; Wherefore, for the more easily carrying into Execution the several Undertakings hereinbefore mentioned, and for removing the Difficulties aforesaid, may it please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Actions and Suits to be commenced or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership against any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, lnall, or law. fully may be commenced or instituted, and prosecuted, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership, as the nominal Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for and on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership; and that all Prosecutions to be brought or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership fur Fraud upon or against, or for Embezzlement, Robbery of, or stealing the Property of the said Society or Partnership, or for any other Offence committed against, or with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership, shall, or lawfully may be so brought or instituted, and carried on, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and in all Indictments and Informations it shall be lawful to state the Property of the said Society or Partnership to be the Property of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offence committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership shall, and lawfully may in such Prosecution be laid to have been committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence, and the Death, Resignation or Removal, or other Act of such Treasurer or Treasurets shall not abate any such Action, Suitor Prosecution.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend to incorporate the said Society or Partnership; or to relieve or discharge the said Society or Partnership, or any of the Members thereof, or Subscribers thereto rel'pectively, from any Responsibility, Contradls, Duties, or Obligations whatsoever, which, by Law, they may now, or at any Time hereafter, be subject or liable to, cither as between such Society or Partnership and others, or between the or any of the individual Members of such Society or Partnership and others, or among themselves, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society or Partnership to inrol, in the High Court of Chancery, a Memorial of every Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assurance, whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to or by the said Society or Partnership, for One or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years, or greater Estate determinable on One or more Life or Lives, in the Names of the Parties to such Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assurance; and such Inrolment shall (all other Requisites of the said recited Act being duly complied with,) be as good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Names of all the Persons for whom such Parties respectively, or any or either of them, shall be Trustees, or a Trustee were or was Hated therein, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

487

Society may inrol Memorial of Afluraoces in the Name of the Partiea thereto.

Public Act-

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1807.

I J 5i O' i

■: it; i

t, 10 4

i (: .; l ) ,• . V i 'i' . '.o Vi i T.

- , ■; I i

i 1 l. ..1 i. i . v i.

J j . *' .1 ’■

c> i V. r. uni a ,1

- s:;

\’ S f

X- •> V. *•>; o* iaW

., i. ,

5 t*<.

•i: | * ' . ’ - f.’ . A ' - '

■ - T-.W •- rr1'-: •.-«* \f

~ " .: ji'^r f\ - ' j y>'■ - j,

i I /*

j

■ .... .- . V.v r.

- } <’ry/ ry, f: y - V . ‘ . r’-

- i '/--.S'. Jv- ,•> *v .-i v.;

•; r fn •

-A' /rf ;J7t j*- V i'

' -: . '. / -. , .’ '?*■ V. i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 31.

An Act to enable The Albion Fire and Fife Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS several Persons have formed themselves into a Society or Partnership under the Name of Tie Jlibion Fire and Life Infuravce Company, and have subscribed or raised considerable Sums in order to effect Insurances against Fire and on Lives, and to grant and purchase Annuities: And whereas the Public hath been greatly benefited by the Formation of such Society or Partnership with a competent Capital to carry on the fame, and a considerable Revenue ii derived to His Majesty therefrom: And whereas Difficulties have arisen and may from Time to Time arile, as well in recovering Debts which may grow dec to the said Society or Partnership called The Albion Fire and Life Infnrance Company, as ir. prosecuting Persons who may steal or embezzle the Property of or who may commit or be guilty of any other Offence against, or with Intent to injure or defraud, the said Society or Partnership, as by Law all the several Subfiribers or Proprietors to and in such Society or Part-nerfnip must in such Cases sue and prosecute by their several and distinct Names and IXTcriptions: And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for re Altering the [Lee. & Per.] 6H ' Grant,

49°

Suits to be in-ihuiurd in ili: Name of.fce Secretary.

Afi not to in-

coi 1101 ate the S ci ty ordil-durye them fr,n.Rci>iQ. b.iiiy.

1

Society shall inrol VI e.mortal In. furance* in

4.70 GEORGII III. Cap. 3 r.

Grants of Life Annuities, end/«- the better Profit! ttK if Infants t-gainfi such Grants, whereby it was and is required that a Mem . , iai i every I a It umenc gran ing any such Annuity or Rcnr Charge as is the ein rndfitM^ied Ihottld, wtlun the lime therein mentioned, be imolled in the High Court or Chancery, an' that such Memorial mould, among i titer Particulars, contain the Names of all the Parties and for whom any of them w re Trustees: And whereas the said Society er Partnership, by reaf n . t cite Numtter or Persons who are or may be inteiclted therein,is unable to comply wiih the Requifittoris of the said Act in the Eft mentioned Respect, and is prevented thereby from rendering tneCor.t-rjfts of the f,«io Society or Partner, ship for the Purchase or Sale of Annuities effectual and valid: Wherefore, for the more easily carrying into Execution the several Undertakings he ein-before mentioned, and for removing the Difficuliirsafordaid, May it plcaie Your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majtft/, by and with the Advice and Confentof the I-ordsSpii itual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi present Parliament assembled, and oy - the Authority of the Time, That all Actions and Suits to be commenced or instituted by or on Bcnalf of the said Society or Partnership against any Pei ion or P-. rfons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, (hill, or lawfully may be commenced qr inlticuted and prosecuted in the None or Names of the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership, as the nominal Plaintiff or Plaimiffs for and on Behalf of the said Society or Parinership, and that all Prolei u ions to be brought or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership ler fraud, upon or against or for Embezzicment, Robbery of, or Healing the Property of, the said Society cr Partnership, or for any other Offence committed against or wuh Intent to injure or dtf and the said Society or Partnership, shall or lawfully may befi brought or instituted and carried on in the Name or Names of the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and in ah Indictments and Inf ormations it shall be lawful to state the Property of the said Society or Paimership to be the Property of the Secretary or Secreiarie., for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offence commuted wuh Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership shall and lawfully may in such Prosecution be laid to have been committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence; and the Death, Rtfignatidh, or Removal, or other Act of such Secretary or Secietaries shall not abate any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed, constru.d, or taken to extend to incoiporate the said Society or Paitnership, or to relieve or discharge the said Society or Partnership, or any of the Members thereof or Subscribers thereto respectively ir m any Responsibility, Contrafts, Duties, or Ooiigations whatsoever, which by Law they may now or at any Time hereafter be subject or liable to either as between such Society or Partnership and others, or oetween the or any of the individual Members of such Society or Partnership ana others, or among themselves, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society or Partnership to inrol in the High Court of Chancery,

• - a Memorial

5r & E= * s s. b |L5 8 .£ ¥

i

K

I *1

II

i:

ct

h

a

01

nr

>c

it»

si

M

Of

jd

Of

be

of

Of

8f

if

■i

of

ft

ll

47° GEORGII III. G^.31. 49*

a Memorial of every Deed, Bond, Instrutnent, or other Afiii ranee whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge shall, from and after the passing of thereto."' this Act, be granted to or by the said Society or Partnership for One or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years, or greater Efface determinable on One or more Life or Lives, in the Names of the Parties to such Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other ArTurance; and such lnroll-menc shall (all other Requisites of the Paid recited Act being duly complied with) be as good and effectual to all Inctnts and Purposes as if the Names of all the Persons for whom such Parties rel'peftively, or any or either of them, shall be Trustees or a Trustee, were or was (fated therein; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Public Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

I

no at V ,'h ;ni'; ibrtimi H-ft irtu if ■«;: 1 uM to (j.,iaoA

wJ oj am i u r) to jarjj bi Z fflt io'lisfLa

qirftr bid . jjujiifti. iiiguoid

3 Lsli tod.i S 1, f' Tv lino: if if

■ om' 1 us 1 ,n> oj n. I < I, fininp laarffimeo

'f - i fli ,e- 1 A to -.•nsW >r1j ni no

Iern miir nl m ufk *ie . 10 , .,2 btd srii Ju miarf

ic ■. H./Z blii ’) U ’:'it1 * •?* bt 1, 1 - 1 Hurt) 1 coot itnirfol

jj 1 10 ,'insi. to 1 jO' y* * i.|, r‘l >d ub cidhifiijli'I

-flit . 5'MatiO v.ns (fit. 10 •’if sd: E. ?n d tniV

'Diintr.tgT'^'f j . ;,;i I. id OOiluanT-rS itr! rri i'.’/'sl fan

r AA '

■ 1 •#. A

•X'iirf

i MiOt.rlOqrtJi

■ b,1i »-t.l

■' )oi vi >d ft f

■> fi 1

vid 7(rl nfJSrtii;

bns /V

VO ’>

K. fn./i

•1 L«-uu<l s.iTsn v t4f»ej*2

llsfl Jtstsoa on<» ' loint il ■1 r-S.iS

V*v

■ '

- ■>"-.* r>.: [ !:r •:

;• - ■

■ iJ.

T.

i; i:

4

,71

’ '

-iff

' ► . y; v , Vi v ->J :i

- iS, •; U . ,

, t ’ ni-r.V t;r r. it» . at

'Jii -‘'ijji ’'3.

>* 3-Ttr r.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 32.

An Act to enable The London Life Association to sue in the Name of their President, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS several Persons have formed themselves into a Society or Paitnership under the Name of The London Life Association, and have subscribed or raised considerable Sums in order to effect Insurances on Lives, and to grant and purchase Annuities: And whereas the Public hath been greatly benefited by the Formation of such Society or Partnership, with a competent Capital to carry on the fame, and a considerable Revenue is derived to His Majesty therefrom: And whereas Difficulties have arisen and may from Time to Time arile as well in recovering Debts which may grow due to the said Society or Partnership called The London Life Association, as in prosecuting Persons who may Ileal or embezzle the Property of, or who may commit or be guilty of any other Offence against, or with Intent to injure or defraud., the said Society or Partnership, as by Law all the several Subscribers or Proprietors to and in such Society or Partnership mull in such Cases sue and prosecute by their several and diltindl Names and Descriptions: And whereas an Act was pali'ed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for registering the Grants of Lrje Annuities, lhu.& Per.] 6 1 ani

494

S*iits to be instituted in the N.ime of the Pitfideut,

Act not to incorporate the Socieu , or discharge them from Respon-fibility.

Society shall inrol* Memorial of In* furanees in the N..mes of the Panic* thereto.

4-7° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

and for the better Protection of Infants again/} fttcb Grants, whereby it was and is required that a Memorial of every Instrument granting any such Annuity or Rent Charge as is therein mentioned should, within the ’l ime therein mentioned, be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and that such Memorial should, among other Particulars, contain the Names of all the Parties, and for whom any of them were Trustees: And whereas the said Society cr Partnership, by reason of the Number of Persons who are or may be interested therein, is unable to comply with the Rtquifnions of the said Act, in the last-mentioned Respect, and is prevented thereby from rendering the Contrafts of the said Society or Part-nerlhipfor the Purchaseor Sale of Annuities effectual’and valid: Wherefore, for the moreeafily earning into Execution the several Undertakings hereinbefore mentioned, and for removing the Difficulties aforesaid. May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and beicenacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Actions and Suits to be commie need or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership, against any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall or lawfully may be commenced or instituted and prosecuted in the Name of the Prefkienc for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership, as the Nominal Plaintiff for and on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership; and that all Prosecutions to be brought or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership for Fraud, upon or against, or for Embezzlement, Robbery of or dealing the Property of, the said Society or Partnership, or for any other Offence committed against, or with Intent to injure or defraud, the said Society or Partnership, shall or lawfully may be so brought or instituted and carried on in the Name of the President for the Time being of the said Society or P.irtncrship; and in all Indictments and Informations it shall be lawful to fta e the Property of the said Society or Partnership to be the Property of the President for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Off nee committtd with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Pattnership, shall and lawfully may in such Prosecution be laid to have been committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said President for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership, and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence j and the Death, Resignation, or Removal, or other Act of such President, shall not abate any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend cr be deemed, construed, or taken to extend to incorporate the said Society or Paitnership, or to relieve or discharge the said Society or Partnership, or any of the Members thereof or Subscribers thereto respectively, from any Responsibility, Contrafts, Duties, or Obligations whatsoever, which by Law they may now or at any Time hereafter be fabjeft or liable to, either as between such Society or Partnership and others, or between the or any of the individual Members of such Society or Partnership and others, or among themselves, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society or Paitnership to inroll in the High Court of Chancery a Memorial of every Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assurance,

whereby

ik

i,

i*

i;

ft

th

tt.

w.

w,

S3.

Xt '»•

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 495

whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to or by the said Society or Partnership for One or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years or greater Estate determinable on One or more Lite or Lives, in the Names of the Parties to such Deed, Bond, Imcrument, or other Aflurance, and such Inrolmenc shall (all other Requimes of the said recited Act being duly complied with; be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the Names of all the Persons for whom such Parties respectively, or any or either of them, shall be Trustees or a Trustee were or was dated therein j any Law, Statute, or Cudom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV . And be it further en,idled, That this Act shall be deemed and taken public At*, to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juliices, and others, without being spectally pleaded.

ql ;btoJ arfj ,ioD bn »fts ,[v nalboxT

a-

!k

Iff.

ton

uri,

U

u

Hill tie or il to y of inti itty

dent

Act

Kt;

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahav, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

a i 01 bsluo. L - bsjn’ffi isn uft 10 yjai x«: tji.T nri) lo HeT io yl3!3ob •.>. nli io lla no io ju hpiuJtliui 101 idution tflnr£gB io noqu ,hufft'i io! bit! odl ,so ysiaqoid irii an 10 fc ni, no sjn-ffH

Ilsifl cqidli3.nn.-.d 1 \sioo2 arJj ni no b^ufi

10 yiatioS bisl aril !o 41 oi lulwal so I.ttQjt rnpijanrSj,

pi ' ,;hW loomt!A

IcmmoVl 3; tt qirfl if.dj b , qirfhjn 3 bist aril lo ihrljH jnwnolss >dn3 io1 10 idlnnm’l id yJii:»o2 ,l.U£ihb io oiojni oj In ml Hitw Igooid ol od yam ylljfwnl 10 1 >ot"laid. id) io amrM 3f»f)<oqi ha ni bns <qi(ii Mmsf

gnisd jri i jiii ol j .1 ‘1 odj

■ :I di a*; ura .3 9n O v<ij> ilwr' !:m, V /.rf* ^t'dis-snJiad'io 11ml j. in-nmoo mud avad 41 el an; 1 ym:W; . . ol, l0'i

adru, , m SO ip io ,oo!i' jf:a>1 ,iij , 3 !,n£

* '* '• ;• i-

■ y 1 F*

'J iO , il

tuw. I:

?030

*s.

* ..< *>«i!■•..*"f

». sivtr\.^ M " •’ nA

uV pb&AtfiA

Horn- v TtDsS li-uii io 3Jiu.i-' stii /li..pal c-<

,!’ .;■':] BshisrnnA

/f UmioY ivitri *«iohi1lM5V'■ 7J!9H

tv>t* -• 'to mjhW srfi labno #jff *»o

ifi u •>?'■ . ’ In io bidlrildui dVJMlf bf rsti^wwIO

r- iTtd^oq iiuijj oi: e v. Inoi- it fiafis ol wbA

«au >/’i i<b ;tf' !. 'fl-n j.l /l»m ■’ Hjsii M'fdol a/ij anwilv fcftA Do; ii.: ■' •', jhwm'l <o yi*ooH fbri> IrwiSi

'wj-.xO •jiKK ijt< -: »vti it •./} trtdmbftnos c bm fittixi s*h

ariti'l i,s *.{h' £ m il , ..u bn* i /IlIfjjFfiiC ../•jisd'tf bnA

vi-; jg bill *ri> v ^juji i-idact jjninvow m i!aw s*

jjniiii-.?' -• j c •;- ,.«*0 •. au-v- «' vivAtfl v£V (>»Hm qirfHariHaft i4

?i *.. it i ,■».<: ' ^rrsqei*! stii s!!* xlan io !c-jft orfw tndhatt

•ri •> 0! "i n t jiiiw ’■' ■• •n-^RO vulio yn« io ylifog -'i-nj

- m2 bus! btuirt

tit" i it r■: it* iij-ii., !• !. Ol itoEd-joi •>■ aioisiiqo*! i«

«*nofci. ,hi.i but ... -‘.A is.,- Vb i Utjval vV-i.vd siotilo q bat.

bn.'s, ..wl;

GEORGII III.

>*v l*»*

Cap. 53.

An Act to enable The Pelican Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS several Persons have formed themselves into a Society or Partnership under the Name of 7'be Pelican Life Ir.furance Company, and have subscribed or raised considerable Sums in order to effect Insurances on Lives and to grant and purchase Annuities: And whereas the Public hath been greatly benefited by the Formation of such Society or Partnership with a competent Capital to carry on the fame, and a considerable Revenue is derived to His Majesty therefrom: And whereas Difficulties have arisen and may from Time to Time arise, as well in recovering Debts which may grow due to the said Society or Partnership called The Pelican Life Insurance Company, as in prosecuting Persons who may steal or embezzle the Property of, or who may commit or be guilty of any other Offence against, or with Intent to injure or defraud, the said Society or Partnership, as by Law all the several Subscribers or Proprietors to and in such Society or Partnership muff in such Cases sue and prosecute by their several and distinift Names and Descriptions: [Loc. 6? Per.] 6 K And

REGIS.

498

Suits to be inltituted in the Name of the Secretary.

Act not to in« corporate the Society or discharge them from Respon-fihility.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty*s Reign, intituled, An Act for r offering the Grants of Life Annuities., and for the better ProfcSiion of Infants agamTt such Grants; whereby it was and is required that a; Memorial of every liilhrttnient grafting any such Annuity or Bent C large as is therein metrrtone.i fficufd, within the Time therein mentioned, be inroiled in the High Court of Chancery, and that such Memorial should, among other Particular', i ontam the Names of all the Parties, and for whom any of them were Trustees: And.wheieas the said Society or Partnership, by reason of the Number m Persons who are or may be interrfted therein, is unable to comply wiih the Rtquisitions of the Lid Act in the lad mentioned respect, and is prevented thereby from rendering the Contrafts of the said Society or Partnership for the Purchase or Sale of Annuities effectual and valid: Wheres ore, for the more easily earning into Execution the several Undertakings'hertin-before mentioned, and for removing the Difficulties af. resaid; May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Actions and Suits to be commenced or.indituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership against any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall or lawfully may be commenced or indituted and prosecuted in the Name or Names of the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being of the said Society or Pannerffiip, as the nominal Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for and on Behalf of the said Seciecy-or Partnership •, and that all Profecuriorrs to be brought or indituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership for Fraud upon or against, or for Embezzlement, Robbery of, or dealing the Property of, the said Society or Partnership, or for any other Offence committed against, or with Intent to injure or defraud, the said Society or Partnership, shall or lawfully may be lo brought or indituted and carried on in the Name or Names of the Secretary or Secretaries-for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and in all Indictment's tmd Informations it shall be lawful to date the Property of the said Sptjiegy etpart-nership to be the Property of the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time, being, of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offence committed with irttent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership shall and lawfully may in such Prosecution be laid to have been committed with Intent jo injury or defraud the said Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being of che laid Society or Partnership. and any Offender or Offenders'may there-up> n be lawfully cortvifted of an; such Offence; and the Ueath,'Re'fig-nat on, or Removal, or other Act of such Secretary or Secretaries, shall rot abate any such Action, Suir, or Prosecution.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or he , deemed, condrucd, or taken to extend to incorporate the said Society cr Partnership, or 10 relieve or discharge the said Society or Partnership* or any of the Members thereof or Subscribers thereto respectively,'frorti ary Respenfibility, Contrafts, Duties, or Obligations whatsoever, which by Law they may now or at any Time hereafter be 1'ubjeft or liable to, cither as between such Society or Partnership and others, or between the or any of the individual Members cf such Society or Partnership and others,.or among themselves, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

8

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 33,

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society or Parinership, to inrol in the High Court of Chancery a Memorial i f every Deed, B and, Instrument, or other Assurance, whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge shall, from and after the passing of the Act, be granted to or by the said Society or IVtnership for one or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years or greater Efbte determinable on one or more Life or Lives, in the Names of the Parties to such Died, Bond, Intlrument, or ocher Assurance, and such Inrolment shall (all other Requisites of the said recited Act being duly complied with) be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Names of all tire Persons for whom such Parties respectively, cr any or either of them, shall be Trustees or a Trustee were or was dated therein j any Law, Statute, or Cudom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall he deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Jul'ices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

'«• tL'Idais'. amt.iiif,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

'j: '■ 'not or,. ..i,5>phV» yiaiood fc.al ad fLrLJ

toi qttmannai-jo vr. . kjg £ Sill gfiifwfl 10 ,ia yi . Jdo}! aiiisIiO udlo yns iol io , no xJsbuS'hist nth htmio bne bsjuffia? io id ^urxj jrriiTerij sc1 it;s; S

-/ - ' *1,

-IT. t

■ luiiflar 19 Jdguoid ‘ utegu io notju biisiT - Ltd ydj (io YJreqoiT v} ,dnt£g£ Luiiirnmoa '■•I. to llfidl

m\rM loamsl'ladi ni no 11 t(J3i3o2 Lift jffj \o ) t 1/.L id ILtfl ;i s, TOtt ' 1 sn.

10 YisLofi ..i. iU ic*

(Mil Yuui 'Ll Ik Cl" nicfmn

*r " I to V..7L' *.;*

mmt^vfsViflanLi 6<, rfsfdvy {iev3oljfidw rnoff, ifldQ or . h.iH -.0 Lj jihdi: ' ,ndi ns-j'vrsd 10 , udjohm qiiflt bijB qidhyrjJit<f t<j jjiooS /foul .-fsvadljfirfw isdio

499

Society (ha'l

inroll Memo* riot of Annuities in t he Nun ( 3 of the Parties thereto.

Public Act j

stf ot a no3

ni hojulttlni 'to +iu, A ,nt yiA - ■•>* h.t

>’ >• to ,1 \

»: ‘ '

ii ;:

t

• - . . . . <U-~

j

• -

;• .

' £ 1

■»’ i- '■ ft '■: 1

S>.

A, W r.s > 1:0 7 in ' ri' i

t V , C ’ - III f "fl:

0 iV Hr t«j an.\

- i. i fa

‘ .

ft- J

? -

•v ( ... - iHi

' ..... ’ ft , ..

' * v

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS. [

Cap. 34-

An Act to enable The Provident Institution to sue in the Name of their Managing Director; and to inrol Annuities.

[25^ April 1807.]

WHEREAS several Persons have formed themselves into a Society or Partnership under the Name of The Provident Inflitu-tion and have subscribed or raised very considerable Sums, in order to effect Insuranceson Lives, and to grant and purchase Annuities:

And whereas the public hath been greatly benefited by the Formation of such Society or Partnership, with a competent Capital to carry on the fame, and a considerable Revenue may be derived to His Majesty there-from:

And whereas Difficulties may from Time to Time arise, as well in recovering Debts, which may grow due to the said Society or Partnership, called The Provident Institution as in prosecuting Persons who may steal orembezzel the Property of, or who may commit or be guilty of any other Offence against, or with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership; as, by Law, all the several Subscribers or Proprietors to and in such Society or Partnership mult in such Cases, sue and prosecute by their several and distinct Names and Descriptions:

And whereas an Act was palfed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities,

* and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grantswhereby it was and is required, that a Memorial of every Instrument granting any such Annuity or Rent Charge as is therein mentioned should, within the Time therein mentioned, be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery; and that such Memorial should, among other Particulars, contain the Names of all the Parties, and for whom any of them were Trustees:

And whereas the said Society or Partnership, by reason of the Number of Persons who are or may be interested therein, is unable to comply with the Requisitions of the said Act in the last-mentioned Respect and is pre-[Lcc. & Per.] 6 L vented

502 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

vented thereby from rendering the Contracts of the said Society or Partner* ship for the Purchase or Sale of Annuities rffrflual and valid {Wherefore, for the more easily carrying into Execution the several Undertakings hereinbefore mentioned, and for removing the Difficulties aforesaid. May it please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted byr the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parlia-fnstituteiHn ment assen,bled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Actions and the Nameof Suits to be commenced or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or the Manag- Partnership against any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or ing Director. Corporate, shall, or lawfully may be commenced or instituted, and profecu-ted in the Name of the Managing Director for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership, as the nominal Plaintiff for and on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership; and all Actions and Suits to be commenced or instituted against the said Society or Partnership, shall be commenced, instituted, and prosecuted against the MarfagingDirector for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership, as the nominal Defendant for and on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership; and that all Prosecutions to be brought or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership for Fraud upon or against, or for Embezzlement, Robbery of, or dealing the Property of the said Society or Partnciship, or for any other Offence committed against, or with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership, shall, or lawfully may be so brought or instituted, and carried > on, in the Name of the Managing Director for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and in all Indictments and Informations, it shall be lawful to state the Property of the said Society or Partnership to be the Property of the Managing Director for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offence committed with Intent so injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership shall, and lawfully may in such Prosecution be laid to have been committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Managing Director for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership; and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence; and the Death, Resignation, or Removal, or other Act of any such Managing Director, shall not abate any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution.

_Act not to

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be "heSocie1* deemed, construed, or taken to extend to incorporate the said Society or or'dischs'rge Partnership; or to relieve or discharge the said Society or Partnership, or them from any of the Members thereof, or Subscribers thereto respectively, from any Responsibi. Responsibility, Contracts, Duties, or Obligations whatsoever, which, by Law, they may now, or at any Time hereafter, be subject or liable to, either as between such Society or Partnership and others, or between the or any of the individual Members of such Society or Partnership and others, or among themselves, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

Society may

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for inroi Me- the said Society or Partnership to inrol, in the High Court of Chancery, a Assurances in Memorial of every Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assurance, whereby the Name of any Annuity or Rent Charge shall, from and after the passing of this the Parties Act, be granted to or by the said Society or Partnership, for one or

thereto. more jjfe or Lives, or for any Term of Years, or greater Estate deter-

minable on one or more Life or Lives, in the Names of the Parties to such

Deed

47^ ' GEORGII. III. Cap. 34.

Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assurance; and such Inrolment shall (all other Rtquisites of the said recited Act being duly complied with,) be as good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Names of all the Persons for whom such Parties respectively, or any or either of them, shall be Trustees, or a Trustee were or was dated therein, any Law, Statute, or Cudom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

503

[Public Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

JBA

c si?:-., vii i;. i:[>' iH A

•: r\ P- .

4s I

Rr:.n.--V fWf'y,

hm: ,

■ to i

ijnjG v

g i b //fit #h..p;nu-f #$§(i

V ! ;'.f 3(, J}

W& ikvSu - \ a \h

6\K ,<■ •' iril -• . / . Uv,.s'.;

5«CI: ' •'"* iR; .' - V 3.

Aa-.^v . .-.vR'-m tK - v S'®

A--.0 Ai-w ta[.\so*«A

-•Vv - •' . V

A ttCiW',. r X'. t '■ rv'. ,' . ,i,\ J-

,‘inif i.'uvv :...■ b ivV.uvv, i< .' . v. \ <* v,..v-,

(.£ * V.Rw .:: ,*i,-.X 16 Vlfli/o'J

5t{; ':■ - ' J:.i.; f'S ' a / ifl.fWT I I"

- yw r»i -.'i q a> Mg

i xi. ...; . •> v;.

r- ■' ■; v. - Z

‘ T W '■ - i . /I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

{t 4*«

Cap. 35.

An Act for the moreeafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Vills of Ramsgate and Sarry and the Parishes of Minster, Saint Lawrence, Stonar, Monkton, and Saint Nicholas, in the Isle of Lhanet; EValmer, Ash next Sandwich, Eastry, IVingham, Staple, Goodnestone next IVingham, Ch llenden, Nonnington, TVoodnef-borough otherwise Winsborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise orth, Elmftone, Preston next IVingham,

Ickham, TVickhambreux, Walderfh are, Barf rest on, Shepherdjwell otherwise Sibbertfwould, Wymenj-would, Barham, Patrixbourn, Bishopjbourn, Beakf-boum, Littlebourn, StodmarJh, and Stourmouth, in the County of Kent.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made itl the Twenty-sixth Year of the / Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, for the more

easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and 26<^-3-c-I2‘ iV/a/Sandwich Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minft.tr and

Saint Lawrence, /'« /Ac 7/A of Thanet; Walmer, Alh next Sandwich,

Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodneltone next Wingham, Chillenden' Nonnington, Woodnesborough otherwise Winfborow, Eythorne, Word [Lee. Per.] 6 M otherwise

5o6

Fonner Act repealed.

Sanch* ich

Comm’fllon-

ers.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

othenvfc Worth, Elmeftone, Predon next Wingham, Ickham, and Wickhambreux, in the County of Kent, certain Powers and Authorities were thereby given for the Recovery of Small Debts, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings within such Town and Port, Vill, Parishes, and Places: And whereas the Paid Town and Port of Sandwich, and the said Vill of Ramsgate, and the said Parishes and Places, are situate at a great Distance from the Town of Maidstone, where the Assizes for the said County of Kent are holden, so that the Inhabitants of such Town and Port, Vill, Parishes, and Places are, for the Purpose of recovering Small Debts exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, obliged, together with their Witnesses, to travel a Distance of about Forty Miles, and at an Expence far exceeding the Value of the Sum in contest: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade in the said Town and Port, and in the said Vill, Parishes, and Places, and to the necessary Support and Protection of useful Credit therein, if the said Act were repealed and better and more extensive Powers and Provisions granted and made for the more speedy Recovery of Debts of greater Amount, and if such Powers and Provisions were extended to the Vill of Sarr, and the several Parishes of Stonar, Monktcn, and Saint Nicholas, in the said Isle of Thanet; Walderjhare, Barfreston, Shcpherdfwell otherwise Sib-bertfwould, Wymenfwould, Barham, Patrixbourn, Bishopjbourn, Bcakf. bourn, Littlebourn, Stodmarsh, and Stourmouth, in the said County of Kent; May it therefore please our Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the L ords Spiritual and Temporal, ami Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauics, Powers, Provisions, Matters, apd Things therein contained, shall be, and the fame is and art hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Reprefer.tatives in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Sandwich, the Mayor, Jurats, Recorder, and Town Clerk of the said Town and Port, the Deputy of the said Parish of Wclmer, and the Deputy of the said Vill of Sarr for the Time being, together with William Wyborn Bradly, Wheeler Bunce Clerk, William Brice, Robert Bayley, Robert Curling, John Gonant Clerk, "John Carter, Stodden Castle, hands Cocking, John Maris Cockii.g, William Cocking, John Castle, Joseph Cocking, Richard Emmcrfon, Richard Emmcrfon junior, Charles Emmcrfon, George Eajtes, Edmund Fowle, John Fowle, Robert Famarifs, Giles Gimber, James George, Andrew Hills, Samuel Harvey, Herbert Hooper, John Harriffon, Thomas Hope, William Jarman, Richard Lcggat, George John Piercy Leith, Henry Matson, 'John MatJ'on of Sandwich, "John Marbrook, John Omer, Charles Porter, George Powell, Peter Rainier of the Royal Navy, Jennings Rutter, William Slaughter, Au ujline Smithers, Terry Sayer, William Slaughter junior, Samuel l-'oart Simmons M. D. Isaac Slaughter, John Slaughter, Ifaae Slaughter junior, / dward Slaughter, George Sayer of Sandwich, Stephen Sau nters, Thomas Sutton M. D. George Snowden, David Taylor, Robert Tomlin, Richard Tattetfell, Henry Woodcock, James Wood, Henry Woodcock junior, Henry Woodruff, William Warman, and Charles Warman, being in all Sixty of the most discreet and substantial Inhabitants and Householders resident within the said Town and Port of Sandwich, the

laid

5°7

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

fi l'd Vill of 5i.’rr, and the several Parishes of Stonar, M infer, Moften, and amt Niche as, in the said Isle of Fhanet; WaPmer, Ash next Sandwich, he/try, Wingham, Staple, C oodncstone next Hi ugh am, Chittenden, Non-niugton, Wobdnejborottgb otherwise Winjborvw, Lythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Ehttift one, Preston next Wingham, Jckbam, Wickbambreux, Waldet-Share, B.trfrefton, Shepfirrdfivell otherwise Sibbertfwauld, Wymenfwould,

Bar bant, Pat it bow n, Biftjopjbou n. Bcakjbourn, Littlebourn, Stodmash, and Slourniouth, in the said County of Kent, or i’onte of them, and their Successors to be elected and appointed in Manner herein mentioned, and not to exceed Sixty in Number at one Time, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debt-, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, due or owing by or from any Person or Persons whoml'oever, inhabiting, refkling, or being within the said Town and Port of, Sandwich, the said Vill of Sarr, or within any of the said several Parishesof Stonar, Mi after. Monk'on, and Saint Nicholas, in the said Isle of Thanet; IV timer, Ash next Sandaich, Eajhy, Wingham, Staple, Good-neftone next Wingham, Chillenden, Nonningtan, Woodnejborough otherwise W’infbv ovj, Eythorns, Word otherwise Worth, Llmtftone, Pr fton next Wingham, Ic ham, Wickbambreux, Walderjhare, Barfrcfton^ ShepperdfubbH otherwise Sibber tjwould, Wymenfwould, Barham, Patrixbourn, Eijhoff-hour n, Bcakjbourn, Littlebourn, Siodmarsh, and Stan,'mouth, in the said County of Kent, or keeping or using any House, Coach House, Ware-house, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Sited, Stall, or Stand, or using or frequenting any Market or Markets there, or working or seeking a Livelihood, or in anyway trading or dealing within the same; and the said Commissioners and their respective Successors shall be and they are hereby conllituted a Court of Justice by the Name and Style of ‘ The Court of . ‘ Requests in the Town and Port of Sandwich; ’ and the said Commifuon- Sandwich ers are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the said Court on the Second Tuesday in every Month f Christmas Day, and Faff and Thanks-giving Days by Proclamation, only excepted, and then on the following Day) in the Guildhall of the said Town and Port of Sandwich, except . when the said Hall shall be burnt, damaged, destroyed, or otherwise rendered unfit for holding the fame, and then only during such Time as the said Hall shall remain unfit for holding the said Court, the same shall be held in some other convenient Place within the said Town and Port, to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners for that Furpcfe assembled.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Chairman of the Trustees of Ramfrate' Ramsgate Harbour, the Deputy Chairman of the laine Trustees, and the Commissiorta Deputy of the Vill of Ramsgate for the Time being, together with erl-William Abbot B. I). Nathaniel Austen, Gilbert Bedford, Barman Bourn, Peter Burgess, Stephen Bax, Bernard Mercer, Richard Bayley,

Daniel Curling, Daniel Curling junior, Sir William Curtis Baronet,

Charles Bowland Cotton, John Curling, Henry Cull, Joseph Dyafon,

Joftph Dupkck, jfofeph Elf on, Thomas Elgar, Edward Fofter, William Fox, John Friend, Gtiorge Friend, Thomas Garrett, John Garrett, William Guy, Thomas Gray, Mcdmer Goodwiiij George Gibson, Robert George, Robert Goodson, George Bafage Hope, Richard Harvey, Richard Harvey junior, John Holman, Sharp Hutchinfmi, Jeffery Hudson, William Humble, Stephen Joad, Richard Kemp, George Louch, John Moses,

John Netherfdl, John Oliver, George Phillips, William Peake, John

Peake

5c8 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Pea'e, Robert Page, Thomas RammeU, John Stevens, Daniel Stoei, Stephen Saunders, 1 bomas Spur gen, George Aden Spencer, Janies Stevcnfon, Richard Tomfon, James Town'ey, John Tbwaite, George Townjenj, Robert Under dram, and Thomas Wood and, being in all Sixty of the mod diTercet and substantial Inhabitant and Householders resident within the said Vill of Ramsgate and Parish of Saint Lawrence, and their Sucre fTo rs to be elected and appointed in Manner herein mentioned, and not to exceed Sixty in Number at any one Time, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, due or owing by or trom any Person or Persons whonrsoever. inhabiting, residing, or being within the said Vill of Ramsgate, or Parish of Saint Lawrence, in the said Isle of Thanet, and County of Kent, or keeping or using any House, Coach House, Ware-house, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or using or frequenting any Market or Markets there, or working or seeking a Livelihood, or in anyway trading or dealing within the same; and the said last-mentioned Commissioners and their respective Successors shall be, and they are hereby conllituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Style of ‘ The Court of Requells in the Vtll of Ramfgateand such. Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold Pamlgate the said Court on the Second Tuesday in every Month (Christmas Day, and Co-t-Wc pa((- ancj Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation, only excepted, and then on ld e c cn. f0ji0w;ng Day) in the Town Hall of the said Vill of Ramsgate, except when the said Hall shall be burnt, damaged, destroyed, or ottherwife rendered unfit for holding the fame, and then only during i'uch '1'ime as the said Hall shall remain unfit for holding the said Court, the same shall be held in some other convenient Place within the said Vill, to be appointed by the major Part of the said lait mentioned Commissioners for that Purpose assembled.

Courts to be IV, Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the difhn'a'froin respective Courts, and the Officers to the fame respectively belonging, each other, shall in all Matters and 1'hings be separate and distinct from each other;

and that the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts shall be confined to the Town and Port, and several Vills, Parishes and Places within their respective Jurisdictions.

Commission- v. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the said ref-causes and to Pe£‘ve Courts, or the major Part of them present at their respective Meet-

give Judge- ings to be holden in pur,nance of this Act, are hereby authorized and

t*oKnt. empowei*d to hear and determine, in their respective Jurisdictions, all such

Actions and causes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give such Judgements, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award

F.xecution thereupon, with the Colls, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods and Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgement, or make any Order or Decree, as to them shall ieem just in Law or Equity; and in cale of an Equality of Votes on ally Action, Caule, or Question before the Commissioners of the said respective Courts, then and in every such Case the Commissioner pre-•|ent who shall stand first in the Lift of Names of the said respective Commissioners (which Lift the said respective Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang or cause to be hung up' in the respective Courts or Places where the’relpec&ve Commissioners meet) shall have the decisive or 'Casting Vote.

47*cEtfRGii in; vSff.'Sf. s°9

'"■ti Prfyf&ied 'always, and' be*h ebaSedj That on (Hr DS"if,oh c! e.leh T|weeC<»m-slfld'eVeVy Cause OrQtielflon lot' the Recovery- 6f any Sum hot exceeding "1,1s,'.’na*'1!'] f Ettrty Shining, Three atleaft of the Paid respective CtonaJl^ffiofoerS P.a‘l be (\>,nmiflioi-jpreieftt iift-their'tespective Courts; and oa the Decision of;each and every c.-s for Sum* Adic:iy: Oause, or'Qfceflion, for the Recovery of any Sura not exceeding above 45*. -■five Pdunds'j'Tive at lead of the faiil respective Commiiuqnfers shall be pre-ftnt in thar'respective Courts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said respective Appointment commissioners of the said respective Courts (save and except as to the Court ^lcw Com*

of Re^ucfts in the said Town and Port of Sun ivich, the Repivftnlativts- in .1"ne,>-

‘Parliament for the said Town and Port, the fall Mayor, Jurats, Recorder, and Town Clerk of the said Town and P rt, the Depu't' of the said Parish of Waimer, and the Deputy of the'laid Vill of Barr. for the Time being'1; and also save and except as to the Court of Requests in the said A ill df Bamfgate, the Chairman of the Trullees of R-amfgate Harbour, ihe Deputy Chairman of the fame Trustees, and the Deputy of the said Viil of Karlfikite, for the time being) or any of the Sucfcessors of the 1 spective Comfniluon-ers of the said respective Courts to he defied in Manner herein n eniioi cd, shall die biTefufe to ad, or shall cease to be qualified in Manner herein cil-feded, to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in finih Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective surviving and remaining Commissioners acting in Execution of this Act, in their respective Jurisdictions, or the major Part of them present at a Meeting to be Holden for that Purpose, within the Space of Thirty Days next after such Dt cease or Refusal to ad shall happen or be known, or as soon alter as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint one other Commilftoner in the room or Head of every fitch Commissioner so dying, or refusing to ad, or ceasing to be so qualified, and Notice in Writing of the Time and Mace ol Meeting for every such Election, and of the Purpose thereof, shall be affixed by the Clerk for the Time being to the ConifrtiiTioners of the said respective Courts, on the Doors of the respective Places of holding the said Courts," Ten Days at least before such Meeting shall be holdtn; and every Commissioner so eltded shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying thi; Ad into Execution in the said respective Jurisdictions, for which he shall be so elect d and appointed, and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Reftnctions, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes Wl 1 'Jtforever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That' no Perfo'n shall be capable of Coir.mifilon-acting as'a Commissioner in any Case in the Executiofi of this Act. save to take an and except in taking and administering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Coiritmffioners, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear. [an, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do so- qs-p ‘ lemnly affirm] '$ hat I will faithfully, honelUy, and tn-.pam.diy, ac-‘ carding to the bdt.of my bkill.and Judgement, hear and detemuue uch

* Matters and Things as shall be, brought before me by. virtue of) an Act ‘ made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King.Cpwgf the Third,

* intituled [yd forth the Title cf this Ad\ without Favour or Affection,

‘ Prejudice, or Malice, to any Person or Persons whguffoevg:; and also

"tsr jPtr.] 6 N ‘ that

$10 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

‘ that I am a Householder within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and ‘ that I am possessed of a Real E flare, of the Annual Value of Fifty Pounds, c or of a Personal Estate of the Value of Onethoufand Pounds, above all ‘ Charges or Incumbrances whatsoever.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation the Commissionerscf the said respective Courts, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer in their respective Courts, in open Court; and each and every such Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (immediately after taking the said Oath or Affirmation) to sign and subscribe his Name upon a Roll or . Rolls of Parchment, or in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, or therein, and such Roll or Rolls, or Book, shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said respective Courts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person, either in right of Office, or otherwise, shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a Householder within the Jurisdiction of that Court of which he shall be appointed a Commissioner, and possessed of a Real Estate of the Annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person, not being qua-lilied as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence (over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Cods of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at fVe/lminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint, and Information the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant; and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified in point of Property as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk and Sergeant duly chosen and appointed by virtue and under the Authority of the said recited Act, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments of Clerk and Sergeant of the said Court of Requests, in the Town and Port of Sandwich, for the Execution of the Purposes in this Act contained, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties, and Power of Suspension and Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, as if he had been nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act, and it shall be lawful for such Clerk from Time to Time to appoint a proper and sufficient Deputy" to act and officiate for him in the Duties of the said Place or Office.

' - - XIsiAnd

Qualification of Gummif-iiOHers.

Acts of Commissioners before Convictijn good.

Officers appointed by former Act to continue until re--moved.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. fir

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Oilier Offl-

for the said Commissioners of the said Court of Requells, in the Tpwo and so*p*

Port of Sana'zuu/j, and they are hereby empowered, at their Pint or any the respect of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to nominate and tive Courts, appoint fit and proper Persons as necessary Officers (five arid except a

Clerk and Sergeant) of and in the said Court; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Court of sts in the Vi!/ of Ramsgate, at their First Meeting, or at any of their Meetings to be Itolden' in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby empowered, to nominate and appoint fit and proper Persons for Clerk, Sergeant, and other necessary Officers of and in the said Court of Requests, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the Court of Requells in the Vill of Ramsgate from Time to Time to appoint a proper and sufficient Deputy to act and officiate for him in the Duties of the said Place or Office.

.' - r 1 Lift Jtij do

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and clerks to for the said respective Clerks and their respective Deputies, and they are iffncSum-hereby respectively empowered and required to issue all Smnmonfes, Sub- mH>des and paenas, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and to 7Uer Pro* Judgements of the said respective Courts, and to do all such Acts, Matters, Books?* and Things as are directed or required to be done by them respectively by virtue of this Act, and to enter and register, or cause to be entered or registered, in proper Books to be provided by such respective Clerks, and kept for that Purpose in their respective Courts, all the Acts and Proceedings of the fame respective Courts of what Nature or Kind soever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of Neglect-br Refusal of if fuffiHent the Commissioners of the said respective Courts a sufficient Number of Com- Commission-missioners foall not be present to act in the Execution of this Act as is ers 'lo not at* herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the said re- ma'^bead'^ lpeftive Courts, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful tq•j^urned.'1 and for the Commissioner or Commissioners who shall be present, and ifmt Commissioner shall be present, to and for the said respective Clerks or the# respective Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn such respective Courts

to the next Court Day, or to some earlier Day.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the said Dut, of Courts, or their respective Deputies foall do and perforin in their respective clerks and Offices as they shall be directed or appointed by the Commissioners in Sergeants, their respective Courts; and the several Sergeants of the said respective Courts shall serve all Summonses and Subpoenas, and execute such Warrants, Orders, and Precepts, and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them respectively by virtue of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the , t

major Part of the respective Commissioners who shall be fitting and acting of new Of- in their respective Courts, on the next Court Day after the Death, Refig- fleers in case, nation, or Removal of any Clerk or Sergeant, or other Officer chosen and ^)eath or appointed by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, or To loon after Rc‘‘6'iat‘ou-as the same shall be known, to cause the whole Number of the respective Commissioners for the Time being of the said respective Courts to be summoned to meet in their respective Places of Meeting within Fourteen Days next after their being summoned as aforesaid, and such respective Commissioners

512 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

fioners of the said respective Courts at such Meeting, or the major Part of them present, are hereby authorized and required to elect fficither Perfbtt or Persons in the Room or Stead of every such Clerk ot Sergeant, ' cffi other Officer, so dying, resigning, or being removed as aforesaid, for the Ufearra Purposes in this Act contained, and lb from Time to Time when" and 'o often as any Clerk or Sergeant, or other Officer, of the said reflective Courffi shall die, resign, or be removed from their respective Offices; and if it shall at any Time appear necessary to any Nine of the said respective Commissioners, or to the major Part of them in their respective Courts aiteniblsd at any Meeting, from the increase of the Bufme-s of the said respective Courts, or for any other Reason, that another Sergeant or other inferior Officer of the said respective Courts is wanting, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Nine Commissioners, or tee major Part of them assembled in their respective Courts on any Court Day, to appoint any additional Sergeant, or other interior Officer, who may appear to the said respective Commissioners to be wanting or nccelf ry for carrying any of the Purposes of this Act into Execufon, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said respective Courts, or the major Part of them assembled for that Purpose from Time to Time, to remove such Sergeant, or other Officer, or any of them, when the Exigency is over, or for Misbehaviour in their respective Offices, or any other sufficient Cause.

T ■-emtlate XVI. And, for better regulating the Sittings of the said respective the sittings Courts, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold of the Courts, their said respective Courts, or hear or determine any . Cafe or Cafes, Caule or causes, by virtue of this Act, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses in the said respective C'cuits, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said respective Courts, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts, save and except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

What Debts

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall any may be lawful to and to be decided for the said respective Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and by the Com- enabled in their respective Jurisdictions, to decide and deternffi.e all Dif-Kulliontra. pUtes an(j Differences between Parry and Party, for any Sum noi exceeding Five Pounds, in all Actions or causes of Debt, and in ail Cau.es of Assumpsit andlnfimul Computaflet, and in all Cauf.-s or Adtioriso! Trover and Conversion, and in all causes and Returns founded on a Quantum Meruit, and in all causes or Actions of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

Debts for

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages1, Wages may or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the said Sum hfthe*Courts of Five Ponnds> ft11'1 be due to any Menial or other Servant. Clerk, Book by Persons Keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistant, Labourer, or any under Age. other Person whomsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall hte lawful for such Servant, Clerk, Bock Keeper, Journeyman, Shopman,’Shop-woman, A Aidant, Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such Debt

in

5U

47° G EO RG II III. Cap. 25.

>n the said respective Courts of Requests,according to their respective Jurrf-dictions, in the same Manner as if he or (lie were of full Age; and the O.mmissioners of the faiu respective Courts, or any Five or more of them, in their respective Jurisdictions, and according to the Amount of fuel) Debt, are hereby fully authorized and required in such Cases to take Cognizance of, and proceed concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have such and the lame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were ail of full Age.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be coni! rued to extend, so as to enable the said respective Commissioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatsoever shall be brought or come into Question; nor any Debt for any Sum, being the Balance of an Account on Demand, originally exceeding the Sum of hive Pounds; or to judge, decide, or determine on any Debt that shall aril'e by reason of the Occupation of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate elsewhere than within the Limits and Jurisdictions of the said respective Courts; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court; or for or concerning any Agreement, by way of Composition for, or by way of Retainer of Tythes, or for any Matter propei ly Liable therein; nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaining or Play.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner or Commissioners of the said respective Courts for the Time being shall be Party to, or concerned or interested in any Cause Action, or Matter depending in either of the said respective Courts, such Commissioner or Commissioners shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners on the hearing or determining such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but such Commissioner or Commissioners after being heard in such Cause, Action, or Matter, shall withdraw, until the fame is finally determined; and if the respective Clerks, or their respective Deputies, the respective Serjeants or other Officers of the said respective Courts for the Time being, or any or either of them, shall be a Party or Parties interested in any Cause, Action, or Matter depending in the said Court, to which such Clerk, Deputy, Serjeant, or other Officer shall belong, such Clerk or Clerks, Deputy or Deputies, Serjeant or other Ollicer, shall not exercise his or their said Office or Offices in such Cause, Action, or Matter, wherein he or they is or are per-lonally interested, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the said respective Commissioners forming the said Court, shall and may appoint another Person, specially to exercise the Office of such Clerk or Clerks, or Deputy or Deputies, Serjeant, or ether Officer respectively in all Things relating to such Cause, Action, or Matter.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Meeting of the said respective Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and

\Loc. Per.] 6 0 for

Commissioner« not to determine any causes where the Title to the Land is brought in Question.

Commissioners, &c. not to act where interested.

Debtors may be summoned before the Commission-

5'tf-

el who may r.ikc such 0-!er bo-t« ill tic; Parties aj" th y shall think fit.

47v GEORGG11 III. Cap. 35.

foranvtWcm of Person.T'(whether such Person or Persons fifaU\t*S-t» within the Ju'riftittion of the faiil respective Courts or not) h»vd»g y,y-Debt or Debts for o’- in resp.'S of Waxes, Rent 6r Arrears of Rent, or otherwise howsoever fftnre arid extent as herein Mentioned) not exceeding the Val ne of Five Pounds, due of-owing or belonging io him, her, of them, in his, her, or the.r own Right, or in the Right of any other PcA foh' or Persons, or as \ ecu for, Adfriitiiflraror, Guardian, Assignee, or Tniitee to any Person or Persons, or due and owing to him as Mayor, Chamberlain, Town deck, Treasurer, or other Officer to any Body Corporate, as Collector of dny Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk Treasurer, of ‘other Officer to any Commissioners or liuftets, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly aifcfc: ited and cOtiftifcuted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Marnier whatsoever, which the said Commissioners within their respective jurisdictions are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this Act, by or front any other Person nr Person-- whomfnever, inhabiting, redding, or being with hi the said Town and Port of Sandwich, or within either of the Viils of Ramf/atc and Sarr, or within any or either of the several Parishes herein-bef-re m ..Tinned, or keeping or tiling any House, Coach House, Warehdufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or using or frequenting any Market or Markets there, or leeking a Livelihood, or in anyway working, trading, or dcalin: within the same, or being in or belonging to any Ship Veil'd, Hoy, lighter, Barge, Boat, opother Craft lying in or navigating in either of the Harbours of Sandwich or Ramfgdtc, to apply to the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of that Court, within the Xurifdiction of which such Debtor ot Debtors shall inhabit, reside, or be, or shall keep or use any House, Coach House, Warehouse, Wharf, Guay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, ot (halt u’fs or frequent any Market or Markets, or shall leek any Livelihood, or in any Manner work, trade, ordeal; and fitch Clerk shall thereupon in due Course make out and deliver, or ctuife to be ade but and delivered, tb the Serjeant of the fame Court, for the Time being, a Summons in Writing under the Hand of the said Clerk, directed to fetch Debtor.err Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and Hating the Particulars of such Demand or cause of AS Son, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summon-, be-fpre the Oommimohers of the Court from which Inch Summons shall issue, toanLver such Demands; and such Serjeant thall at leali Six Days before the Day appointed fot such Debtor or Debtors to appear, serve or cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personal! y or by leaving the fame v.ith’his, her, or their Servant, or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling House, Coach Ho ;T, Warehouse, Wharf, Ctiav, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, 'Stand, Ship, Vesse!, Hoy, Lighter, Barge, Boat, Craft, or piker Place of dealing, trading, or working of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisuiction of toe fame Court; and upon due Proof (hade of such Summons having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, or upon the Appeitence of the Debtor or Debtors, 'he CmnmisHcmers present in Court (such N Tiber present not beilig lef. than by this-AH is directed) are hereby empowered and required to nuke due Inquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees the-cm, and pals such final Sentence or Judgement thereupon, and award such Coils of Suit, as to then shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good

Conscience

•5*5

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Confidence, and as well the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as the Debtor or Debtors ■whom fudr Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Proceedings, shall respectively concern, Ilia 11 duly obfierve, perform, and keep the fame respectively; and for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more Commission-folermi Determination of the Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said respective Courts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the ,uner Oaths. Commissioners present in the said respective Courts, to administer an Oath or Oaths (or Affirmation or Affirmation', being of the People called Quakers) to any Officer of the said Court, or to all or any of the Parties whom they the said respective Commissioners shall thins, proper to examine, touching the Matters then in Question, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and also to any other Peflrfon or Persons uhofe Evidence shall feern necessary towards the hearing or determining any of the said causes or Actions, or making any Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpose requisite to the Execution of this Act.

X kill. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due Sen-ice on or owing or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly, Dy reason °o beamed or on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade, or otherwise Service on jointly concerned, Service of such Summons as aforesaid on any one of both, inch Partners or Persons, or left at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode, Warehouse, Coach House, Lodging, Shop, Shed,

Stall, Stand: Ship, Vessel, Hoy, 1 ight r, Barge, Boat, Craft, or other Place of Residence, dealing, trading, or working, shall be as good and sufficient as.if each of such Partners or Persons were separately summoned as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Actions not extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Plaintiff or Plain- to be split tiffs to fpbt or divide any Cause or Action for Recovery of any Debt where for the Pur-the whole Sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the P° etbemnn®" Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of before the Two. or more causes or Actions, for the Purpose of bringing such causes Court; or Actions within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts, or either of them; and in case it shall appear to the said respective Commissioners that any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall have so split or divided his, her, or their Cause or Aft ion as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners, in their respective Courts, shall, and they are hereby required to dismiss with Coils every such Cause or Action so split and divided; but such DifmilTal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs trom proceeding for the Recovery of his, her, or their Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he, she, or they may lawfully proceed: Provided always, buttheCourt that in case any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who shall have so split or divided may decree such his, her, o-r their Cause or Action shall be willing to accept such J.

Sum of Monevas the said respective Courts are in and by this Act enabled plaintiff (half in their respective Jurisdictions to adjudge, decree, and pronounce in full be content to of the Whole, of his, her, or their Demand in such Cause or Action so receive the split or divided, then and iil every such Case the said respective Commis- MoneyJn full lic-mers shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce (on such Plaintiff mantls, C' or Plaintiffs proving his, her, or their Cause or Cafe to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners) such Sum to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

516

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

net exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the said respective. Corns ii-sioners fliiill teem jull and teasonable; and such Sum shall, in ths Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said respective Coinritillkmers, be declared to be and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands ftpin the Defendant or Defendams to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Caul'e or causes so split and divided.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Cause or Action as aforesaid, or of any Cause or Action, except such as is {fated in the said Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of such Cause or Action of any Demand he, she, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the Nature of a Set off, to lessen or discharge himself, herself, or themselves from such Demand or Cause of Action, unless Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by personal Service, or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling House, Warehouse, Coach House, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, Ship, Vessel, Hoy, Lighter) Barge, Boat, or other Craft, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day when such Matter or Cause shall be. heard or tried.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear either in Per-lbn, or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, before the said Court at the Time and Place mentioned hi the said Summons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners affetnbled in their said respective Courts and Jurisdictions, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of ttte Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such reasonable Costs of fauit, as to them lha.ll seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conference.

If Plaintiff

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return does not ap- of any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, or at any pear to prove Continuation or Adjournment of the said respective Courts, or of the Cause Defendant'1*’ on Account of which such Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff shall have or Plaintiffs shall not appear either in Person or by his, her, or their Agent, Colls or i’orne other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing shall not

make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said respective Courts, but shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall be pronounced against him, her, or them by the Commissioners of the said respective Courts, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners present in their respective Courts, and they are hereby required to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Costs and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance as they the said respective Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by such Ways or Means as are herein provided for the Recovery ol Debts ordered or decreed by the said respective Courts.

No Ebdenee

to be given by the PI.,intiff of any Matter not dated in his Summons, nor by Defendant in any Cross Demand he nay have on the Plaintiff without Notice given thereof.

If Debtor does not appear, Commissioners may proceed.

4?; GEQIiG 11 III. . 3 j. 5*7

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in any Cause> Action, or Cafc £ ran iffkn- ' where the said respective Cofnriiissioners shall have made ah < fhler er Decree fotethe Payment of Motley, it'shall and maybe lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners present'in'their respective Courts,'to award F.xecu- Body or tion either against the Body or Goods of the Party against w horn fitch OrdtrOoods. or Decree shall be made, 'and>thereupon-it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Clerks of the said respective C ourts within their rc-speclive Jurisdictions, at the.Prayer of the Party profccbcing ft'Ch Order or Decree for the Paymdht of Money, to iilite a Precept under rlieir ie-l'peftive Hand and Seal by way of Capias ad Satisfaciendum or Fieri Facias i to the respective Sergeants of the said respective Courts, who, by virtue-of such Precept issued upon Execution, awarded against the B dy of fitch Party,shall and may, and is hereby empowered to take luch Party, being within* the jurisilittion of the said respective Courts, and carry him, her, or them to the common Gaol of the said Town and Port of Sandwich, there to remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey litch Order, Decree, or judgement for the Spice or Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed; and in case any such Precept shall be issued upon Execution against the Goods and Chattels of such Party, such Sergeant fit Hand may, and he is hereby empowered to levy by Dilbcfs and S le of die Goods and Chattels of fe h Party, bang within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts, such Sum ot Sums of Money and Colts as shall be oidered, decreed, or adjudged; and if the Party again it whose Body or tjes‘agfond or Goods any such' Execution Avail be awarded, and Process thereupon f.crete their issued, shall, by absconding or by secreting or removing his, her, or Goods; their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners preferir in the said respective Courts, upon due Proof thereof made before them by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion to award further Execution either against. the Body or Goods and Chattels of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be fei-ved by the respective Sergeants of the said respective Courts according to their respective Jurisdictions in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners from Time to Time, in case they shall think fit (for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants) and antl may order they are hereby authorized and empowered to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt or Debts due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to be paid by several jjajme,ta> Payments or Instalments, and under such Terms and Conditions as may appear reafomble and just to them the said respective Commissioners for the Ease of the Defendant or Defendants and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Co I'missioners present in their respective Courts, in case any Default or Failure of any such Payments or Instalments so ordered, decreed, and adjudged, or directed, shall afterwards be made, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered in their respective Jurisuidtions, at the inlkuxce of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof oi the said Default cr Failure, to award Execution against the said Defendant or Defendants, or against any other Person or Per forts who may have given-Security to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Directions of the said respective Commissioners, for the Payment of such Instalments in Manner aforesaid, for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof* as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Colts as to them [Lrr.'G1 Psr.~] 6 P shall

Si8 47° GEORGII III. Cay.'s 5.

shall seem just and reasonable; and such Debt, or such Part thereof, and fitch further Costs, bull be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs fir if decreed.

Process not to issue against the Body and Goods or Chattels of the same Person.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said respective Commissioner- of the said respective Courts to iffite any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Defendant or Defendants in any Case or Cafes where the Plaintiff or flainliffs entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree shall at the same Time, or previously, have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels :of the fame Defendant or Defendants.

Record of

Judgement m*y be removed into the superior Courts, and Writ of Execution issue thereon.

Clerks to insert or in-do fe Debt and Cods in the Precept, and if paid to Clerk of Court before Sale, Execution to be superseded.

XXIX. And as it may happen that Persons served with Process issuing out of the said respective Courts of Requests may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes w here a final Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Twenty Snil-iings Audi have been obtained in either of the said respective Courts, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WcJlminJ'tcr, upon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgement being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution being ifftied again!! the Person or Persons or Effects (as the Case may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Coqits, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or a Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits; and it (half and may be lawful to and for such superior Court to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgement to be removed into such superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff, upon every such Execution, shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Colts of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs rin the said Court, subsequent to the said Decree and Judgement, and of the Execution in the said superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in or upon each and every Precept to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Body or Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the respective Clerks of the said respective Courts shall insert or indorse, or cause to be inserted of indorsed, the Sum or Sums of Money and the Costs so ordered, decreed and adjudged; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively shall, before any actual Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or before he, she, or they, is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, as herein mentioned, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk of the Court from which such Execution shall be issued, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to the

Claerk

47-

RQII IU. Cap. 35.

Clerk as a C.ompensation for his Trouble in receiving the faint, and in ev tering an Acknowledgement and Satisfaftiyn in lull for 1'jiqii Sum or Sums of Money and Colts, then and in every such Case the T'.x^ utson fir'd! be superseded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the said Party 01 Pieties shall be discharged and let at Liberi y.

5*9

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers for the ch

Tune being of the common Gaol or Prison within the said Town and Port. Keeper <if of Sandwich shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to receive

and take into his or their Custody respectively, all'and every Person or jjuir" s Persons who shall be committed or ordered to hand committed under or by virtue of this Act; and in case the Keeper or Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison respectively shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or their Custody any Person or Persons so committed, or shall before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his or their Custody discharge such Person or Persons out of his or their Cull dy, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by Five at leall of the Commissioners of that Court under the Authority of which such Person or Persons was committed, such Keeper and Keepers respectively so offending in any of the said Cafes, and being thereof convicted before act, One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Port of Sandwich, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) or upon his or their own Confession, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices; and in cale such Sum shall not be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending, into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, then and in every such Case such Sum shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus, if any, to such Offender or Offenders, after deducting the Colls and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Forfeiture when fopaid, levied, and recovered, shall be distributed amongst the Poor of the fevered Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court by the Authority of which such Person or Persons who so escaped was or were committed, in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed; and in case sufficient Distress fliai! not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol for the said Town and Port of Sandwich, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Colls and Charges attending such Conviction, he fanner paid and discharged.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Privilege shall be ailcwed p_.vp

to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of tins Act from the to be allowed Jurisdiction of either of the said respective Courts of Requests, on account to Anomies, of his being a Sworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at U ej'bmnjler, or of any other Court whatsoever; but that all such Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers shall be fukjeft to the several Processes, Orders, Judgements, and Executions of the said

520

No Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener or Prac lifer of the Law to be a Commissioner, or appear as an Advocate.

Feet to be taken.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

said resptctive Courts of Requests, in the same Manner as any ether Person or Rerlons is and are subject to the same.

XXXIII. And be it further er.acted, That no such Attorney, Solicitor, Scrivener, or any Person practising the Law, shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he be the Mayor or Town Clerk of the said Town and Port; nor shall any fich Attorney, Solicitor, Scrivener, or other Person practising in the Law, be pernritted to appear in either of the said respective Courts of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf Sf any Plaintiff or defendant, or any other Person, or to be admitted to speak before the Commissioners of either of the said respective Courts, in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which inch Attorney, Solicitor, cr Scrivener is not himself a Party or Witness; and in case any Attorney, Solicitor, oi Scrivener flail appear in the said rci; eciheCourts of Requells, or either of them, as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or speak before the Commissioners of either of the said respective Courts in any Cause, Action, or Matter, in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself a Party or Wil-ness, then and in every such Case such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener i'o offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor lei’s than Five Pounds, on being convicted thereof before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town and Port of Sandwich, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer) or on his own Confession; and in case such Sum of Money shall not be paid forthwith by the Person so offending into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, then and in every such Case such Sum of Money shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, after deduding such Fine or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Fine or E’orfeiture when so paid and levied or recovered, shall be distributed in like Maimer as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed; and in case a fudicient Distress drall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the said Town and Port of Sandwich, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor lei's than Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Colls and Charges attending such Conviction, be focner paid and discharged.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees herein-after limited and expressed, and no greater, shall be taken by the respective Clerks and Sergeants and other Officers in their respective Courts, for their several and respective Services in the Execution oi this Act, for the Recovery of all Sums not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Amount of the Sum recovered; (that is to say),

To

521

4-7° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

To the CLERK.

Entering every Cause ... lffuing every Summons ... Entering and drawing up the Judgement,' Decree, or Order Paying Money into Court, and entering ’ fame in his Book Paying Money by Instalments Ilfuing Subpoena ... Bluing every Attachment, Precept, Or- ‘ der, or Execution Acknowledging Satisfaction For every Nonsuit -

Every Search in the Book Swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or De-" fendant -

To the SERGEANT.

For calling every Cause For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant For every Hearing For every Nonluit Serving every Summons, Order or Sub-' poena in the Town and Port of Sandwich, or Vill of Ramsgate

Vill of Ramsgate

but not otherwise, for the Assistant in the Execution of every Warrant, Pre cept, or Attachment against Goods or Body, in the Town and Port of Sandwich, or Vill of Ramsgate

Not exceeding Shillings. Not exceeding Forty Shillings. Not exceeding Five Pounds.

s. d. s. d. j. d.

° 3 0 9 1 6

0 3 0 6 0 9

► 0 6 0 9 1 6

I 0 3 0 6 0 9

0 6 I O ‘i 6

0 3 0 6 I O

1 0 6 0 9 1 6

0 3 0 6 0 9

0 6 1 0 2 0

0 2 0 3 0 6

| O 2 0 4 0 6

O I 0 2 0 3

O I 0 z 0 3

O 2 ° 3 0 4

0 3 0 4 0 6

>04 0 6 1 0

| 0 2 \ 0 3 0 i

| 0 6 1 0 2 0

02 1 1 0 3 0 3

"'t O A 0 8 1 0

| 0 2 0 3 0 3

£Loc. fcf Per.2

And

522

Penalty on

O fficers taking any greater Fees than those allowed by the A<St.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. iS*

And the said respective Commissioners shall and they are hereby require^ to hang up and affix, or canfe’to be hung up and affixed, a Table of all such Fees in foine conspicuous Part of the said respective Courts or Places of Meeting of the said respective Commissioners, in order that all Persons concerned may be enabled to peruse the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Sergeant, or any other Officer or Servant employed by the Commissioners of either of the said respective Courts in putting this Act or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any greater Fee or Reward whatsoever than the Fees appointed and allowed to them respectively by vinue of this Act, for or on account of any Thing done or to be done under or by virtue thereof, or on any Account whatsoever relative to putting this Act into Execution, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof on the Oath of any credible Witness, or Witnesses, before any Three at least of such < f the said rel'pec-tive Commissioners, under whom such Clerk, Sergeant, Officer, or Servant shall act at any of their respective Meetings, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be raised, levied, and recovered by such Ways and Means, and applied in Manner herein directed.

Time of Im-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom-prisonment of soever shall be committed to the said Gaol by order of either of the said Courts, for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued in Custody, on any Pretence whatsoever (excepr in the Cafes herein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are next herein-after limited in that Behalf; (that is to say) where the Debt (exi lufive of Colts) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Twenty Shillings and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Forty Shillings and does n't exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Three Pounds and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not' more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Four Pounds and does not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the faiu Keeper and Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby directed and required to discharge such Person or Persons accordingly.

Debtors

limited.

IF any Debtor XXXVII. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons sum-

re^oTGoods mone^ for Debt to the said respective Courts from fraudulently concealing t£! Time of their Money, Goods, or Fffefts; be it further enacted, That in case his Imprison- upon the Summons of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said ment shall be respective Courts, Information of any such fraudulent Concealment shall enlarged. p,e given, such respective Courts shall have Power to hear Evidence as to the Fast; and in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of such ( ourts respectively, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that any such Debtor has any Money or Goods which he or she has wilfully or fraudulently concealed, then and

523

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

fjfetery such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said respective Courts to enlarge the aforesaid '1 iine of Imprisonment of such Debtor to any Period in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing The Time of of this r ft, all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Exe-

cution under or by virtue of any Process issuing from or out of either of separati iyand the said respective Courts of Requests, and who at the Time of his, her, successively or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprison- for eactl Ex* ment, shall have more than one Execution again!! him, her, or them, in the said respective Courts, or either of them, shall be imprffened-the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of such First Execution; and after the Time so limited in the first: Execution is expired the Imprisonment on the Second Execution shall commence; and after the Time so limited on the Second Execution is expired the Imprisonment on the Third Execution shall commence; and so on, until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of each and every separare Execution to be issued ag:;inlt him, her, or them, in the said respective Courts, or either of them, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person im- Debtors not prisoned by virtue of this Act shall on the Expiration of his or her Time

of Imprisonment. be d.scharged and set at Liberty without paying any a° ee ' Sum or Sums of Money. Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pre- pena;,v on tence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of Keepers, &c. the said Gaol, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, lira 11 demand, taking them, take or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever upon the Admidion or Discharge, or during the Confinement of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge dr Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the T me by this Act limited for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the justices may Peace for the said Town and Port of Sandwich to hear and determine determine every such Offence, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon such Offence, any Information exhibited, or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed (in case such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath ot One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for such Pt nalty and Forfeiture aforesaid and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the

Overplus

5 ’+

Srrgeanu,

*c. neglecting their Duty to pay the Debt and Colts.

Clerk or Sergeant, £;c. not performing hit Duty n.ay he f'jpended tii* removed.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Overplus (if any) after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Coils and Charges of such i illrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case sufficient Dill refs shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol for the said Town and Port of Sandwich, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Coils and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged; and one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk of the Court out of which the original Commitment issued, and the said Moiety shall be by the Commissioners of the fame Court distributed amongst the Poor of the several Places within the Jurisdiction thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as to such Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if either of the Sergeants, or other Officers of the said respective Courts employed to serve any Execution, shall by wilful Neglect, Omission, or Connivance, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to eicape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, lo that such Execution shall not have effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the said respective Commissioners, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Complaint arid due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Sergeant or other Officer to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which such Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to. enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of his, he r, or their Debt or Debts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the said Commissioners, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby enabled, according to the Nature of the Offence, over and above such Sum or Sums of Money, to impoie any Fine not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence on such Sergeant or Sergeants, Officer or Officers; and such Fine, if not forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recoven d by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such respective Commissioners of the said respective Courts, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when so levied and recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the said respective Commissioners in such Shares and Proportions and in such Manner arr.ongfl the Poor of the several Places within their Jurisdiction, as they the said respective Commissioners may think fit and proper.

XLL. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Sergeant, or

other Officer of the said respective Courts, shall be guilty of any wilful or contumacious Neglect or Mifbeiiaviour, or otherwise wilfully and contumaciously misconduct himself in the Execution of hio Office, then ami in every such Case, upon Complaint made to the said respective Com-niiffibners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered in open Court to hear and enquire into the blatter of such Neglect, Misbehaviour, or Mifeonduft,

on

? o -3*3

47° GEORGII III. Cap. Ison the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, on such Hearing and Enquiry, that such Clerk or Sergeant, or other Officer, has been guilty of such Neglect, Misbehaviour, or Mtfconduft, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissione.s, and they are hereby empowered to suspend or remove the said Clerk or Sergeant, or other Officer, l'o offending, from his said Office, and to nominate or appoint fame other fit and able Person to exercise the said Office, in the Place and Stead of the Clerk or Sergeant, or other Officer, l'o suspended or removed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful from Penalty on Time to Time and at all Times hereafter to and for any Plaintiff or Plain- n tiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit or Cause hereafter depend- iffun.moiieiL ing in either of the said respective Courts, to cause any Person or Persons, residing within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts, to be warned or summoned to such Court, either by serving a Subpoena or Subpoenas,

Summons or Summonses, to be issued by the Clerk of such Court, and to be served by the Serjeant of the fame, at least Four Days before the Day appointed for such Suit or Cause to be heard personally, or by leaving the fame at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, to appear as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in the fame Court, out of which such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses shall issue in, or concerning the Suit or Cause there depending; and in case any Person or Persons, after having been so summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid, and paid or tendered his, her, or their reasonable Expences to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at the Time and Place in such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses mentioned, on Behalf of any such Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses, due Proof being made of the Service thereof, and no sufficient Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-appearance being ffiewn to the Satisfaction of the Court where such Suit shall be depending, and Oath being made before the Commissioners there fitting, by the Party or Parties at whose Inltance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith, was or were a Witness or Witnesses by such Party or Parties judged necessary for the Proof of his, her, or their Cause or causes, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences, or if any such Witness or Witnesses shall appear, but shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakers, uponfolemn Affirmation, and to give Evidence as aforesaid before such Commissioners, according to the true Intent of this Act, theti and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners, in their respective Courts, to impose any Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, on every Person so offending; and in case such Fine shall not be paid forthwith, the same shall and may be levied by Diffrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Five of the said respective Commissioners, according to their respective Jurisdictions, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Fine and the Costs and Charges of such Diflrefsand Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and every such Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Inltance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Subpoenas,

[Lee. <jf Per.2 6 R Summons

Punishment*. for Perjury.

For preventing Insult being offered to the Court.

47-O£*)R0i?I Hi. Cap. 35.

Sujji^nona or jfhaM jlh&ve been issued; and in cole fufikient

•Distrcfs (h ill notbe'fourtcl, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Hve or more of the said relpe£bye CiminifEoners, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to Commit such Offender to the common Goal in and for the said Town and Port of Sandwich, for any lime not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon examination on Oath or Affirmation before either of the said respective Commissioners, in any Action, Cause, or Matter depending in either of the said respective Courts of Requests, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace a fling in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear any Matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in force and effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the said respective Commissioners, or any of the Officers of the said respective Courts, for the Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the said respective Courts, or going to or from the said respective Courts, or shall interrupt or obstruct the Proceedings of the said respective Courts, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for. the respective Sergeants of the said respective Courts, with or without the Af-iiltance of any other Person or Persons, by the Order of the said respective Commissioners to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and the said respective Commissioners shall then examine into such Insult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what parted, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and upon such Insult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, being duly proved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said respective Courts, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to impose a Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, for each and every such Offence, on each and every such Offender or Offenders; and in case such Fine shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Biftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the respective Commissioners of the said respective Courts rendering the Overplus (if any) ter deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Biftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of tuch Goods and Chattels; and the said Fine when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid to and difeributed by the repetitive Commissioners of such respective Courts inluch Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner amongst the Poor of the Places within the Jurisdiction of their said respective Courts, as they the said respective Commissioners shall think fit and proper; and in case sufficient Biftrefs shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the respective Commissioners of the said respective Courts, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the said Town and Port of Sandwich, for any Time not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months.

47° GEORGII 5f

XLV;< And be it further, exacted, That if any Action or Suit for any Debt recoverable by virtue of this Act in either of the saidrespective Courts of Requells, shall be commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or else-v/here than in one of tl,ie said refyeflive Courts of Requdts, according, to tl^ir respective Iurifdidipn$, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not by Reason of a Verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Colts whatsoever and if the Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendsnf, in such Action or Suit, and the Judge, or Judges before whom the said Cause shall be tried or heard shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in either of the said lefpedi/e Courts of Requests, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have, for hit, her, or their Co/ts in any Cales by Law; and no Action or Suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said respective! Courts of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court by Ceriio’ ari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for the Purpose of enforcing and carrying into effedany Order, Decree, or Judgement, in Cafes where the Defendant or Defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their Effects, out of the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts, after a Decree or Judgement, but every such Decree and Judgement shall be final and conclusive between the Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conlirued to extend, so as to prevent or reftain any Person from distraining for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLVI. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the said respective Courts of Requelb, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all Defendants in the said respective Courts shall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations now in force and effect, or hereafter to be made'; and every Defendant so pleading or claiming shall have and receive such and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he, she, or they had been sued for the fame Debt, or other Cause of Action, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said respective Commissioners (which Warrant such respective Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant) upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Diltrels and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Own r of such Goods and Chattels, after deduding fuel) Fines and Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diltrels; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (if net herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the respective

Clerk.

527

Verdicts in others Courts ' for Debts recoverable in this not entitled to Colts;

\ and if Ver* di£t for Dc* fendrtnt he shall be entitled to Coils.

Nothing in the Act contained to prevent Person s from distraining for Rent.

Statute of Limitations may be pleaded.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

528

Form of Conviction.

Distress not unlawful for want of

Form.

Proceedings not to be qua filed for want of Form nor to he removed I>y Certiorari.

47° GEORGII m. Cap. 35.

Clerks to or Chairman of the said respective Commissioners, and fTin.ll be by Order of Three or more of the said respective Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the respective Place within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts of Requests, in such shares and Proportions and in such Manner as the said respective Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think right and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Town and Port of Sandwich, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Ten Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in die Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ dE it remembered. That on this . Day of

4 in the Year of the Reign of

‘ A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Juf-

‘ tices of the Peace for the [or,

before of the Commissioners of the Court of Requests in the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, or of the Court of

* Requests in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent] of having [as the OffenceJkail he] and I [or, we] the said

‘ do adjudge him [her, er, them] to forfeit and

* pay for the fame the Sum of such Offence

being contrary to the Provisions of an All made in the Forty-seventh 4 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the 4 Title of this A cl]. Given under my Hand and Seal [er, our Hands and 4 Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of D ft refs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ah initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, or Judgement, or other Proceeding made, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by ony other Writ or

Process

.47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 529

Process whatsoever (except as aforesaid) for enforcing and carrying into cffed any Order, Decree, or Judgement into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster j any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Limitation of be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing Aaions. done in pursuance of this Act, or on Account of any Order, Determination,

Judgement, or Decree of either of the said respective Commissioners, until Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, andfpecifying the particular Cause or causes of such Action, shall have been given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be intended to be brought, or after asufficient Satisfaction or Tender of Amends hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be intended to be brought, or unless such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed j and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought, and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there* upon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to the Court to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought or tried in any other County or Place than in the County of Kent as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonfuiled, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be

fiven against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Jefendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any plaintiff not Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced for any Thing done to produce in pursuance of this Act, shall be permitted to produce Evidence in any E'i<^nce of other Cause of Action than such as shall be set forth in the Notice to be given AAionother as aforesaid of the Cause of Action, or shall recover any Verdict against the than what Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, unless such Plaintiff or stallbefpe-Plaintiffs shall prove on the Trial that such Notice of the particular Cause in t!lc of Action was duly given as aforesaid, and in Default of such Proof, the otlce’ Defendant or Defendants shall recover a Verdict and Costs as before-mentioned; and in case no Tender or no sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made before such Action or Suit shall be commenced, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, by leave of the Court after such Action or Suit shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings,

[Lor. 6? Per.J 6 S Order,

53°

Saving the Rights of the Court of Record of Sandwich.

Court not to interrupt or hinder the transacting the publick Bufiaefs of the Town in the Guildhall, &c.

[Publick Act.]

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIII. And whereas the Mayor and Jurats, Justices of the Peace of and for the said Town and Port, are by Charter or Prel'cription fully enabled to hold a Court of Record in the Guildhall of the said Town and Port, at their own Hated Times, for the Trial of all Civil Actions arising within the said Town and Port, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof; be it therefore enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect, lessen, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers or Jurisdictions of the said Court of Record, but that the fame, and all other the Rights and Privileges of the Mayor and Jurats of the said Town and Port, shall remain and continue in as lull and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the holding of any Court or Courts of Justice, or transacting any other publick Business of the said Town and Port within the said Guildhall or any other Place or Places appointed or to be appointed within the said Town and Port for the holding of such Court or Courts of Justice, or transacting any publick Eufmefs

' within the same.

LV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,. Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. iSoy.

11

t.

ad

Ito

iUQ

(it

ties,

Slid

B.ig

soil Com .< jjj Pia loidog

ufca

i brill

IHIS,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

XXX*X*£X*X*X*X*X*X*X*XX

Cap. 36.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Srmll Debts within the Parishes of Hales Owen, Rowley Regis, Harborne, West Bromwich, "Tipton, and the Manor of Bradley, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford. [a5th April 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of Hales Owen, Rowley Reps, Tipton, West Bromwich, Harbtsrne, and the Manor of Bradley, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the several Counties of Wpfcester, Salop, and Stafford, several very exterifive Mine of Coal, Ironltone, and Clay, and various Branches of Trade, Manufacture, and Commerce carried on, which employ several thousand Persons, many of whom contract Small Debts, and although well able, often refuse to pay the fame, presuming on the Bifcouragement their Creditors lie under on account of the Delays and great F.xpence they are unavoidably subject to in suing for such Debts: And whereas a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Smalt Debts within the said Parishes and Manor would greatlytend to promote Industry, and support useful Credit: May it therefore please Your-Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-V- oc. IT Per.] 6 T mons*

534-

Names of Commissioners, with their Powers.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Charles Adams, Josiah Adams of Tipton, Thomas Allen, John Alsop, Thomas Appleby, Samuel Arter, Thomas Aston, Matthias Alt-wood, Aaron All-wood, James /.tttwood, John Auden, James Aujlin, Richard Bache, John Bagnail, Thomas Bannisters, William Bannifler, George Barrs Clerk, Joseph Barrs, Richard Bate, Edward Bate, Charles Barnett, Jtfeph Beazley, John Beet, Henry Bell, John Bennett, William Bennett, Ralph BenniJon, Joseph Befit I, 7 homes Best Clerk, Paul Betts, George Biggs Clerk, Thomas Billingham, Gideon Billingham, Emanuel Billingham, James Birch, Francis Birch, John Bishop, Isaac Bishop, John Bijfett, Thomas Blachnore, Thomas Blackmore, James Blackham, James Black-shaw, Benjamin Blezvitt, Joseph Bloomer, Benjamin Bloomer, Richard Bloxcidge, Charles William Bloxham, Benjamin Bolton, William Bourn, Edward Bo-water, Edward Bowen, Robert Boyle, John Bratt, John Brettell, Edward Bretted, William Bridge, Edward Bridgwater, Samuel Brighton, Walter Brinton, John Print on, Benjamin Britton, Noah Brittle, Joseph Brittle, Edward Brownhill, Humphrey Buffery, William Bullock, James Bullock, Ifac Bunn, Bayley Caddick, Edward Cairns, Thomas Cattel, Samuel Chat-win, John Cheshire, John Cole, Thomas Collins, Richard Cooke, Thomas Cooper, Samuel Cooper, Joseph Cox, John Cox, Samuel Cox all, William Coxa I I, Isaac Cutler, Thomas Banks, Samuel Danks, Benjamin Darby, Benjamin Darley, Edmund Barley, Thomas Barley, John Davis of Weft Bromwich, John Davies of Rowley, William Davis, Edward Dixon, J/aac Downing, Paul Downing, John Downing, Samuel Downing, Edward Dutton, Jeremiah Dummack, John Ecclcjhalt, Thomas Edge, Joseph Ed-monds, John Edwards, Richard Edward, James Evans, John Fell, Isaac Fellows, Thomas Felton, Samuel Feriday, Joseph Fernihough, Francis Field, Joseph Fieldhouse, James Fifser, Edward Ftjher Senior, Edward Fisher junior, Daniel Fisher, Isaac Forrejhr, James For dyes, Samuel Frants, James Gardener, Benjamin Gaunt, Jeremiah Gaunt, John Gibbons, Arthur Gibert, Luke Gilbert, Daniel Gorton, Samuel Good all,. John- Granger, Daniel Grainger, James Grainger, Stephen Grainger, Joseph Gray, James’ Gray, Joseph Gregory, Josiah Green, Joseph Green, Thomas Green, Heze-kiab Greet, Robert Grice, Job Gri'gg, Daniel Gutridge, John-Gwinnett, Isaac Haaley, Joseph Hadley, William Hadley, Thomas Hadley, Joseph Halford, Job Hall, Joseph Hall, Charles Hamilton, homas Flanfon, SamuelHanfon, Andrew Harris, Thomas Harris, Edward Hayrold, Richard Howies, William Haynes, Richard Haynes, George Haywood, Samuel Heathcock, Thomas Heyward, John Hickton, Thomas Hill, Daniel Hill, William Hipiifs, Joseph Hipkif, Samuel Hodgetts, Moses Hodgetts, John Hodgkin;, Samuel Hodgkip, James Ilodson, Samuel Holloway, Daniel Holloway, Richard Ilomcr, Daniel Homer, John Horton, Moses Horton, 1 homas Horton, John Hudson, William Hunt, Samuel Hunt, Charles Hunt, Benjamin Hurley, Richard Hughes, Samuel Fuji, Edward Whitehouse Jackson, William Jackson, James Jaques, Samuel Jarvis, John Ick, I homas Jeffon, Jofph Jeffon, Charles Jeavons, Daniel johnson, John Johnson, Thomas Johnson, John Jowett, James IngLy, Samuel Ingley, John Izon, William Izon, James Kier, James Kemp-fier, A) chibald Kenrick, Edward Ken-wrick, Benjamin Keyfall, William Lcadbe ter, John Lees, John Leonard, John Levett, David Leivis Clerk, John Macmillan, James Male, William Mailing, John Mar fir, Edward Martin, Jtfeph Martin, Joel Maurice, Samuel Mead, James Mear, Joseph Meredith, James Middleton, Richard Mi.ler, Daniel Mole, Mark Moore, Jofph Mfs, Edward Monies, John Mortis of Weft Bromwich, John t - i [ Morris

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Morris of Bradley, Joseph Morris, William Nash, Thomas Newby, Samuel Aewey, John Newey, William Kickltn Timber Merchant, William Nicklin Maltlier, John Nickols, Benjamin Nicklifs, Richard Nightingale, Samuel Nightingale, Samuel Nock Senior, James Nock of Tipton, Henry Nock of '1 ipton, Samuel Nock Junior, Henry Nock of Rowley, James Nock of Rowley, John Nock, William Oliver, John Onions, Thomas Parke, Thomas Barge ter, John Pargctcr, Samuel Parish, John Parker, Abraham Parker, William Packer, Richard Parkes, William Parkes, Isaac Parkes of Cradley, isaac Paries of Oldbury, John Parkes, John Parkes of Row ley, Thomas Parkes, Francis Parrott, Thomas Partridge, Joseph Partridge, Daniel Parsons, William Payne, John Pearfall, Thomas Penn, Samuel Perry, James Perjhouse, Joseph Perjhouse, Richard Pickering Clerk, Jejfe Philips, Samuel Philips, Joseph Pierce, John Pinson, Mark Pitt, James Polter, James Potter, William Powell, Samuel Powell, Luke Pope, Thomas Poynor, John Poynton, Joseph Pritchett, William Pritchett, Theodore Price, Joseph Price, Samuel Price, Richard Pugh, Richard Rabcne, Thomas Rabone, Joseph Radcliffe, Thomas Read, Williamjdead, Michael Pratt Reading, William Reading, Richard Reeves, John Reeves, John Reynolds, Benjamin Richards, Thomas Ridge, William Robbins, Ferdinando Rollaston, Stephen Rollafon, Daniel Round, Joseph Round, Henry Round, John Rowley, William Rudgt, William Rylands, John Salter, Moses Sawkey, Thomas Scott, Richard Scott, James Scott, James Shaw, James Sheldon, Thomas Short, John Sborthouse, Thomas Sidaway Senior, Thomas Sidaway Junior, James Sidaway Senior, James Sidaway Junior, John Sidden, George Silvester, George Simcox, Abraham Sitcb, Benjamin Sitch, Thomas Siveter, Re hard Siveter, Thomas Slim, Joseph Smallwood, William Smallwood, James Smart, Fcrainando Smith, Moses Smith, Jacob Smith, Joseph Smith, Thomas Smith of Rowley, Isaac smith, Thomas Smith, William Smith of Tipton, Abraham Smith, William Smith of Bradley, Thomas Smithyman, Elijah Southall, John Spittle, John Standley, Thomas Standley, Mark Stephen, William Stephens, William Styles, William Stoles, William Summerfield, William Sutton, Harry Tayler, Jonathan Tayler, Matthew Thomas, Joseph Thomings, David Thomings, John Tibbe.ts of Harborne, John Tibbetts, Titus Tilly, Timothy Tiiley, Richard Tiiley, Richard Tanks, joseph Trauter, Ezekiel Trowman, Thomas Trowman, Thomas Trowman of Rowley, Nathaniel Trowman, John Trowman, Joseph Trowman, Thomas Turner, William Underhill, Joseph Underhill, John Wall, John Walter, Thomas Warr, Daniel Warr, Joseph Warr, Thomas Ward, Elijah Whitehouse, James Whitehouse, Daniel Whitehouse, Isaac Whitehouse, Abraham Whitehouse, Samuel Whitehouse, William Whitehouse, John Whitehouse, Samuel Whitehouse, John Whithy, John Wilkinson, William Irilday, Jeremiah ll Melts, Anthony Willetts, John Wi/lington, John Williams, Walter Woodcock, Timothy Wood, John Wood-hall, Thomas Woollafon, Edward Woolfe, Joseph Wright, John Tates, and Richard Yeomans, and their Successors to be defied in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are hereinafter mentioned; and such Commissioners and their SuccessofS are hereby con Hi tuted a Court of Justice, by the Nanld and Style of The Court of Reqttefts for the Paris.es of Hales Owen, Rowley Regis, Tipton, Weft Bromwich, Harborne, and the Manor of Bradley, in the Par iff of Wol-verham ton, in the everal Counties of Worajler, Salop, and Stafford-, and are hereby authorized, empowered,' and required to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court at Oldbury, in the said Parish of Hales Owen, on

13 the

5 36

Appointing the Quorum of the Commissionei*.

Qualification of Commissioners.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

the Fourth Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, and elect a Chairman for that Meeting, and so at each succeeding Meeting; which said Meeting shall and may be adjourned to and until that Day Fortnight; and Meetings of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be, and they are hereby directed to be held at Oldbury aforesaid (except occasional Adjournments as herein after mentioned), at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of those assembled at their fird or any subsequem Meeting, on every Tuesday Fortnight throughout the Year, and every Year; but when Christmas Day shall happen on the Court Day, the Court shall be holden on the preceding Day; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of those who shall be present (such Number present being not less than Five except as herein-after mentioned), at their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered to fear and determine all such Actions and causes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give such Judgements, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Cods, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgement, or make any Order or Decree, as to them shall seem jud in Law or Equity, and to do, perform, and execute all other Acts, Matters, and Things hereby authorized or directed to be done, as fully and effectually, and the same shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if given, made, done, performed, and executed by all the said Commissioners, except as herein otherwise is particularly directed and provided; and in case of an Equality of Votes on any Action, Cause, or Question, before the said Commissioners, the Chairman so to be elected as aforesaid, or if it shall happen that no Chairman shall have been previously elected at that Meeting, then the senior Justice of the Peace acting for either of the said Counties then actually present, and acting as a Commissioner by virtue of this Act, or if no such Justice shall be present, and acting as a Commissioner as aforesaid, then the Commissioner pveient who dands fird in the Lid of Names of the said Commissioners shall have the decisive or cading Vote; and the said Commissioners diall and are hereby required to hang up, or cause to be hung up, such Lid in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Decifton of each and every Action, Cause, or Question, for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at lead of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court; and on the Decifton of every Action, Cause, or Question, for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five at lead of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless at. the Time of his acting as such he shall be a Householder, or shall carry on Trade within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and possessed of a Real Edate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Edate of the Value of Onethoufand Pounds, above all Charges and Incun brances whatsoever; and it any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner, every such Person diall lor every such U(fence (over and above any Punifinnent he may be Tubjeft and

liable

537

4* GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every fitch Action, Bill, Paint, or Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient lor the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgements, Others,

Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings, of all and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Capable of Commission* acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (save and except w Oath' in administering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Commissioners)

until he shall have taken an Oath or Affirmation to the following Effect; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do

* Folemnly affirm, &c. according to the Form in that Cafe providedf]

* That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the belt ‘ of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine all such Matters and 1 Things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, intituled, [here Jet forth the Title of this without Favour

* or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons whom-

* soever; and also, that I am a Householder, or carry on Trade within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and that I am possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, «r of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Incum-‘ brances whatsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to adrainifter in open Court; and each and every such Commissioner shall and is hereby required (after taking the said Oath or Affirmation) to sign and subscribe hi* Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath or Affirmation printed or written thereon; and such Roll shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Commis- Election of sioners herein-before named shall happen to die, or shall refuse or neglect Commission-to qualify himself for acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this ers-

Act, by taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before mentioned, within Two Years from the passing of this Act, or if any Person hereafter to be elected and chosen a Commissioner shall refuse or neglect to qualify himself for acting in the Execution of this Act a3 aforesaid, within Two Years next after he shall have been so elected and chosen, or shall accept the [Lee. 55* Per.] 6 U Office

538 4.76GE’0RGII III. Cap. 36.

Ofilce of Clerk, or ot’nerwife become disqualified to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall hnd may be lawful to and for the surviving and remaining Commissioners, or the major Parc of those who shall be present in the Court at which such Vacancy shall be notified or become known, or who shall be present at any subsequent Court, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners for the Time being, who shall have qualified themselves to act as aforesaid, to be summoned to meet at feme convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, which Summons shall be served on each of the said Commissioners, or left at his usual Place of Refidtnce within the Jurisdiction of the fail! Court, at least Seven Days and not exceeding Fourteen Days before the Day appointed for such Meeting, and shall state the Purpose for which the said Commissioners ate to meet; and the Com-rnissioners present at such Meeting, so to be specially summoned as aforesaid, not being lei's than Nine, shall and may and are hereby authorized and required to elect and appoint one other Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, or refusing or neglecting to act, or becoming disqualified; and every Commissioner so to be elected and appointed shall be and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the Powers granted by this Act as fully and eft'eftudly, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been herein particularly named and appointed a Persons be- Commissioner: Provided always, that if any Person so becoming difqua-coming dif- lifted shall at any Time thereafter be desireus of being re-elected on any quabhed may fugsequent Vacancy, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Commission- 'Tinie being again to elect and chonfe him to be a Commissioner, subject ers. nevertheless to the several Restrictions as aforesaid.

Tower of

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear Adjournment to the said Commissioners in Court assembled, that an occasional Adjourn-pia°ttler rnent to some other Part of the District, herein limited and described, may have a Tendency to facilitate or expedite the Business of the said Court, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, assembled at any Court where Nine at least shall be present, or the major Part of them, to adjourn such Court to any other Part or Place within the said District as often or as many Times as to them may seem fit; but such adjourned Court shall not be held in any one Parish, Hamlet, Town, or Place, from or out of Oldbury aforesaid, oftener than Four For Want of Times or Days in Twelve Calendar Months: Provided also, that in case a sufficient a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be elected Number to by virtue of this Act, shall not be present to act in the Execution of this to^be'atTourn- Act on any of the Days appointed for holding the said Court of Requests, cd to another then it shall be lawful for any One or more of the Commissioners then Day. present, or if no Commissioner shall be present, for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the same to and until the Court Day then next following.

Forsummon- VII. And, to the Intent that no undue Preference may be given in ing Commit- summoning the said Commissioners appointed cr to be appointed in pur-Tmners; but fuanrc of this Act, be it further enacted, That the Serjeant or Serjeants e 'elude other of the fai‘: Court for the T!me being foall, and he and they is and are Commission- hereby required to fumnion by Notice in Writing, to be left at the refs from at- spective last or usual Place of Abode of the Commissioners to be so sum-fsiuling. moned, at least Three Days before the Day of Meeting, Ten of the Commissioners

539

47° GEORGII III. Cap.$b,

Commissioners to attend at the next Meeting of the said Court, and the iirft Ten Commissioners to be summoned shall be the Ten Commissioners whose Names shall ftaqd iirft in the Lift hereby directed to be hung up in the Court or Meeting Place of the said Commissioners; and the next •Ten Commissioners who shall be summoned shall be the Five Comtnif-iioners whose Names shall stand next in such Lift, and the Five last Commissioners who were summoned to attend the last preceding Court; and so in like Manner Ten Commissioners shall be summoned for each Meeting of the said Court in Order and Rotation until such Lift shall be gone through, and then such Lift shall be gone through again: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude any of the said Commissioners for the Time being from fitting in the said Court, ai;hough such Commissioners shall not have been summoned, or hand in Rotation to be summoned, but that each and every such Commissioner, if he shall think fit so to do, may fit and hear, and assist in determining, giving Judgement, and making Orders and Decrees in the said Court, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities ar, any Commissioner so summoned as aforesaid; except in cases where interested as hereinafter mentioned.

VIIL And, for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court, be it Time of hear, further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said ing causes. Court, or hear or determine any Cafe or Cause, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Act contained shall extendj or be con-ltrued to extend, to require the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or Witness, in the said Court, except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Appointment for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, at their said of °fficers' First Meeting, to nominate and appoint fit and proper Persons for Clerk,

Serjeant, and other necessary Offices, of and in the said Court of Re-

quests; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk and Serjeant respectively, immediately after his and their Appointment, and from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Deputy to act in his Room or Stead in case of Sickness, or for other sufficient Cauie, to be allowed by the said Commissioners, but not otherwise, and for whom such Principal so appointing a Deputy shall be answerable; and such Clerk, or his Deputy, is hereby empowered and required to issue all Summonses, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgements of the Aid Court, and to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are directed or required to be done by the said Clerk, by virtue of this Act, and shall enter or register or cause to be entered or registered, in a proper Book or Books 10 be provided by such Clerk, and kept for that Purpose, ail tile Acts and Proce;dings of the said Court, of what Nature or Kind soever.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Appointment major Part of the Commissioners who shall be fitting and acting in Court, newOffi-on the next Coutt Day after the Death, Resignatmn, or Removal of

any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, nominated or appointed by virtue Resignation,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

of this Act, or so soon after the same shall be known, to cause the whole Number of the Commissioners for the Time being to be specially summoned, as is herein-before directed for the Election of new Commissioners, and such Commissioners at such Meeting to be so specially futn-moned (not being less than Nine), or the major Part of them, afe hereby authorized and required to elect another Person or Persons in the Room or Stead of every such Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer so dying, resigning, or being removed as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time when and as often as any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer shall die, refigti, or be removed from their respective Offices; and if it shall at any Time appear necessary to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them in Court assembled at any Meeting, from the Increase of the Business of the said Court, or for any other Reason, that more than One Clerk or more Serjeants, or other inferior Officers of the said Court are wanting, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on being specially fumrtioned for that Purpose, and not being less than Nine or the major Part of them, to appoint an additional Clerk, and any additional Serjeants or other inferior Officers, or any or either of them, as may appear to the said Commissioners to be wanting, or necessary for carrying any of the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and all and every Clerk and Clerks, Serjeant and Serjeants, and other Officers of the said Court, shall do and perform in their respective Offices as they shall be directed or appointed by the said Commissioners, and the several Serjeants of the said Court shall serve all Summonses, and execute such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as may be required to be done by them respectively by virtue of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled for that Purpose, from Time to Time to remove all such Clerks, Serjeants, and other Officers, or any of them, for Misbehaviour in their respective Offices, or other sufficient Cause: Provided always, that no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of any publick Entertainment, or whoffiali fell any Wine, Beer, Ale, Cyder, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk, or any other Office or Place of Trull or Profit belonging to the said Court.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of the said Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court, or shall be Father, Son, or Brother of any Person or Persons concerned or interested in any Cause, Action, or Matter, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, Action, or Matter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but after being heard in the said Court, shall withdraw until the fame is finally determined; and if any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer of the said Court for the Time being, shall be Party to or interested in any Cause, Action, or Matter depending in the said Court, such Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, shall not exercise his or their Office in such Cause, Action, or Matter’ or in any Thing relating thereto, but such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners to exercise the said Office of Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer respectively, in his or their Place or Stead, shall be and is hereby veiled with full Power and Autho.

541

47° GEORG II III. tap. 3^.

rity to execute the Office of Clerk, or Serjeant, or other Officer, ;n all Things relating to such Cause, Action, or Matter.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Meeting of tile said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (whether lefiding within the Jurisdiction of the said Court or not), having any Debt or Debts on Rent or Arrears of Rent, or in r meet of Wages, or Quantum Meruit, and in all causes of Trover and Conversion, or of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained, or otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due, owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executor or Administrator, Guardian, Assignee, or TruRee to arty Person or Persons, or due or owing to him as Chamberlain, Town Clerk, or other Officer to any Body Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Faxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly associated or conllituted according to the Provisions of the l'everal Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever, which the said Commissioners are by this AT enabled to judge and determine, and not herein expressly prohibited, by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever inhabiting, lefiding, or being within the Limits of the said several Parishes and Manor, or either of them, or keeping or using any House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, cr Stand, or using or frequenting any Market, or seeking a Livelihood, or in any Way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the Clerk, or one of the Clerks of the Court, or the Deputy of any such Clerk, who shall immediately make out and deliver to the SerjeaHt, or one of the Secants of the said Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing under the Hand of such Clerk, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and Rating the Particulars of such Demand or Cause of ATion, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring such Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demands; and such Serjeant shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personajly or by kaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Snop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, Three Days at leaffi before the Time appointed for such Debtor or Debtors to appear before the said Court; and, upon due Proof made of such Summons having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners in Court assembled are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Order or Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Sentence or judgement thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and they are hereby also empowered to order and diiedt the Payment of any such Debts to be made, either in One Sum, or by Instaiments at Rated Periods, under such Conditions and with such Security for the Payment of the same as they shall see Cause, and deem juR and reasonable, all which Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Proceedings, shall be regiRered [Lee. & Per6 X in

Debtors to be summoned before Coni-

miliioners, and Particulars of Demand dated. Three Days before the Meeting.

Commissioners may direct Payment either in One Sum, or by Instalmenta; and may xa-miae OS-

47° GEO UGH III. Cap. 36.

.542

and\v^rt*eE' a or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Cierkd ou OathneffeS l^e-fald Court; and as well the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as the Debtor or

Defendant, Debtors or Defendants, whom any such Order, Decree, Judgement, or Proceeding shall respectively concern, shall obfmve, perform, and keep the lame respectively in all Points; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners present in the said Ccu t to adminiflet an O-th or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the said Court, or to either of the said Parties the said Commissioners shall think proper to examine touching any Matter in question, and also to inch Witness or Witnesses, Person or Persons, whole Evidence shall leetn necessaty in the heating or determining or the making of any Order or Decree in ti e Premises, or for any other Purpose requisite to the Execution of ihis Act.

-noil no .-is alUfiO bn or-, tuorkiw it t 'in re 1 ", y, rn i iiccti ri

Penalty on

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person residing or disobeying being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, who shall be duly served t!le Sujwnas with a Subpoena or Summons issued out of the said Court of Requefh, to 0 119 oult' give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pur fu ant to such Subpoena or Summons at the Time or Place therein mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Supcena or Summons (and Tender having been made of his or her reasonable Expences), and no sufficient Cause of Absence shewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court whereat such Person was by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath or Affirmation shall be made before the said Commissioners by the Party at whose Infiance, and on whole Behalf such Subpoena or Summons was iished, that the Party served therewith was a material Witness in Benaif of such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-fibrrers assembled in Court to impose or lay a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, on every Person so offending.

-rAdfr'aMucftT riffoph ,-nti 1 f!tr bne

Penalty for

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons

Perjury. making Oath Or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter whatsoever

depending ir, the said Court of R^equelts, or before any Justice or Justices in executing this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or swear any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending and being thereof duly convicted according to Law shall and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable or subject to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XV. And be it father enacted, That where any Debt shall be due or owing by or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly, by reason or on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade, or otherwise jointly concerned,-Service of such Summons as aforesaid on any One of such Partners or Persons, or left at his, her, or their lait usual Place or Places of Abode, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of such Partners or Persons weie separately summoned as aforesaid.

Debts due to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages, Persons un- or other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of

•fcr Aye may pjv,.

be recovered.

so Ji *(sm

Service on One Partner to be deemed

47°' GEORGII: III. Gdp.tfr, 543

Five Pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistant, Labourer, or any other Person whatsoevf-r, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistance, Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such Debt in the Lid Court, in the same Manner as if he or flie were of full Age; and the said Commissioners present in the said Court are hereby required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors* who Commission-shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without good Cause ers> onNon-(to be allowed by the said Court of Requests), refuse or neglect to appear

either himself or herself, or by some other Person on his, her, or their may proceed" Behalf, in the said Court at the Time mentioned in such Summons, then ex parte; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Service of such Summons in Manner hereinbefore directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall seem meet.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Dav of the and, on Non-Return, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court of appearance Requests, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear either in Person or

by feme other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing shall award Costs; not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and also such Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble or Attendance, as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and propel, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in any Case, when the said andmav Commissioners shall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of award Exe-Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cution agamfl award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party or Parties Goods and agai.ilt whom such Order or Decree shall be made, and thereupon it shall commit the and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, Party.

at the Desire of the Party or Parties profeaiting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept undtr his Hand and Seal to the Serjeant of the said Court, who, by virtue of such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against: the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may and is hereby empowered and required to take and apprehend such Party or Paries (being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court), and to convey him, her, or them, to the Gaol or Prison to be provided for the Purposes of this Act, there to remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Oder, Decree, or Judgement, for the Space of Time therein in that Behalf particularly directed, and in case any such Precept shall be issued upon Execution awarded against the Goods and Chattels

of

5+4

in case Parties abscond or secrete their Goods, further Execution may be granted.

Process not tc issue against Person and Goods.

26 G. 3. c. 38.

Plaintiff not to recover other than Debt speci-fed, nor Defendant any ot-off without Notice.

Actions not to be split; but the Court may decree rn such Action so split, if the Plaintiff shall be satisfied to receive less than 5I. in full of all Demands.

4-7* GEORGII III., Cap. 36.

of any fuefi Par:y, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to levy, by Distress and Rale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party (being within the Jurisdiction of the fuiJ Court), such Sum and Sums of Money, and Cod,a,s shall be so ordered and decreed; and if the Party against wfytfe Body or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, determined by absconding or by secreting or removing his, her, or uttir Goods or Chattels., or determined by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made by the Oath of the Serjeant, or of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award further Execution either against the Body or Goods a.ftd Chattels of such Party or Parties, and Process shall issue they upon, and be executed by the Serjeant in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Patties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be ) fully paid and satisfied: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body of any Person in any Case where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree, shall at the same Time have obtained arty Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person.

XX. And be it further en;:£ted. That no Evidence shall be permuted to be given by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on the Trial of any such Cause of Action as aforesaid, or of any Cause of Action except such as is stated in the said Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted on Behalf of ary the Defendant or Defendants of any Demand he, she, or they may have' on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the Nature of a Set off, or to lessen or discharge himself, herself, or thern-selves, from such Demand or Cause of Action, unless Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs determined by Personal Service, or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Shop, Shed, Stull, Mand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day when such Matter or Cause shall be heard or tried.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any Plaintiff shall have split or divided his or her Cause or A.dion, with the Intention of bringing the same within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to distnifs, with Costs, every such Cause or Action so split and divided; but such Dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he or she lawfully might have done, if no such A-flion or Suit in the said Court of Requests had been brought or commenced: Provided always, that in case any Plaintiff in such Cause or Action so split or divided shall be willing to aceept the Sum of Five Pound-, Or such kfs Sum it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioni-rs, to be due and owing from the Defendant to the Plaintiff, in full of the Whole of his or her Demand in such C use, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may . judge and decree the Payment of such Sum of Five Pounds, or' any less Sum. appearing to them to be so due and owing, and declare the same to be, at;d which shall be deemed and taken to be in fui! Difchsrge of all

Demands

545

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Cause or Cafe so split or divided. 1

"XXII. And be it further enacted, That in every Precept to be issued upon any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk upon issuing the same shall set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money, and Colls, so ordered and decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall have been awarded, shall, before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they is, are, or shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay or cause to be paid or tendered to the Clerk of the said Court of Requells, such Sum or Sums of Money and Co Is, together with One Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over such Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, arid entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court for such Debts and Cods, then and in every such Case the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Bodies, and Goods, of such Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomso-1 ever shall be committed to the said Gaol or Ptifon by Order of the said Court, for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued' in Custody on any Pretence whatsoever (except in the Cafes herein-after provided for); for any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are herein-after limited; that is to say, where the original Debt does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then not more than Twenty Days; and where the original Debt is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the original Debr is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the original Debt is above Three Pounds, and does hot exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the original Debt is above Four Pounds, and dees not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days; and the said Keeper and Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison is and are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

XXIV. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned for Debts to the said Court from fraudulently concealing their Money, Goods, or Effetls, be it further enacted, That, in case upon the Summons of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Coutt Information of any such fraudulent Concealment shall be given, the said’ Commissioners shall have Power to hear Evidence as to the Fad; and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer), then and in every lach Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment of such ILbtor to any Period in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Execution under or determined by virtue of any Process iffuine < [Loc. VPer-1 OT * Jrcm

On Execution, Clerk to indorse Debt and Coils.

Time of Im*x prison men t of Debtors limited.

2<5 G. 3. c. 38.

If any Debtor concealing Money or Goods, the Time of his Imprisonment shall be enlarged,

26G.3. 0,38,

The Time of Imprisonment shall be feoa*

546

rately and successively for each Execution.

Record of Judgement may be removed into the superior Court, and Writs of Execution issued to the Sheriff of any County.

Commissioners to fulpetid Proceedings in Cafes where Debtors are ill, or unable to pay the Debt.

4.70 GEORGII III. Cap.%6.

from or out of the said Court of Requests, and who at the Time of his> her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment. shall have more than One Execution againift him, her, or them, in the said Court, shall be imprisoned from the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of such Execution; and after the Time so limited in the First Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the Second Execution shall commence; and after the Time so limited for the Second Execution is expired, the imprisonment for the Third Execution shall commence; and !o on, until he, she, or they have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited, for and in respect of each separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them, in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment-, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary th.reof in gnywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And whereas it may happen that Persons served with Process issuing out of the said Court of Requests may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Jurisdiction of the said Court, be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings shall have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of Elis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, on Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgement being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after. the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having issued against the Person, or Persons, or Effects (as the Case may be,', of the Defendant or Defendants, and thac the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant r Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge, or a Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits; and it shall and may be lawful to a d for lucn superior Court to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgement to be removed into such superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as ia Judgements obtained in the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff, upon every such Execution, shall and is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Ten Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, lor the extraordinary Colb of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court, subsequent to the said Dc cree or Judgement, and of the Execution in the superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be itTued.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time, during the Hearing of any Cause in the said Court, appear by the Oath cf any Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the said Commissioners preterit at the Court at which such Cause shall be heard, that the Debtor or Debtors is or are unable from Sickness, or unavoidable Accident, to pay and discharge the D:bt or Debts for which he, she, or they shall have been so summoned, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to suspend or supersede the Proceedings in such Cause until it shall, upon like Proof as aforesaid, appear

t«

547

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

to the Court that such Debtor or Debtors shall be able to pay such Dent or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforesaid; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt where the Title or Lease of, or Contraft where the Title or Lease of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contraft; nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds; nor to any Debt that shall arise by real’on of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate elsewhere than within the Limits of the said several Parishes and Manor, or some or one of them; or by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor for or concerning any Agreement by Way of Composition for or by Way of Retainer of fythes; nor to any Debt or Sum of Money or Thing won at or by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye Law; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contraft, Acknowledgement, Undertaking, or Promise, to pay within Six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the fame, although such Debts respectively shall not exceed Five Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain any Person from distraining for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the lame shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any

Debt, recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, shall be commenced in any o’ther Court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests (save and except the Court of the Lord of the Manor of Hales then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict: for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Costs whatsoever; and if the Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests. then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants ffiail have Double Costs, and such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cafes by Law; and no Action or Suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall ei may be removtd into any superior Court, by Certiorari or any other Wiit or Process whatsoever, except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in Cafes where the Defendant or Defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or them-fe!ves,or his, her, or their Effects, out ofthejunfdiction of the said Court, after a Decree or Judgement obtained against such Defendant or Defendants; but every such Decree and Judgement shall be final and conclusive between the Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinuer or prevent

13 any

This Act not to extend to certain Debts, nor to prevent Distress for Rent,

Verdicts in other Courts for Debts recoverable in this not entitled to Cods; and if Verdict for Defendant, lie shall have Double Costs,

No Proceedings to be removed to superior Court, except in certain Cafes. 19 G. 3. c.yo<

Saving the Jurisdiction of the Court

54-8 4-7° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

of the Lord any Person or Persons from commencing or prosecuting any Suit, ot of Hales*001 recover‘ng any Debt, in the Court of the Lord of the Manor of Hales 0Wen. Owen, or Otherwise by virtue of any Custom of the Paid Manor, or in any other Manor Court, or by the Custora of any other Manor or Manors within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of this Act; but that all Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, and Jurisdictions of such Lord and Lords, Court and Courts, and the Custom and Customs of such Manor and Manors, shall remain and continue in as full and ample Form and Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant, or the Deputy of any Serjeant, or any other Officer or Officers of the said Court of Requells, or his Deputy, who shall be employed to lerve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall have been awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party or Persons to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have its full Force and Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaihs of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant, or Deputy Officer or Officers, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as are herein* before provided for the Payment of Debts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to impose a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every such Offence, on such Serjeant or Deputy Officer or Officers.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, or other Officer of any Court whatsoever, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Prucefs, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement of the said Court of Requells; and no such Attorney, Solicitor, or any Scrivener, or other Person practising the Law, shall be permitted to appear in the said Court of Requells as an Attorney, Soli, citor, or Advocate, for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Person, or to speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself a Party or Witness; and in case any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, shall appear in the said Court of Requells as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff' or Defendant, or speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, is not himself a Party or Witness, then and in every such Case such Attorney, Soliciior, or Scrivener, so offending, shall for every such Offence fors.it and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on beng convicted thereof before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Offence shall be committed, on his own Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; which Oath such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer.

XXXIII. And, for better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time C°urt'mi>t to l line 10 niadc by the said Commissioners, and veiling the said Com-

millioners of the Court of Requells with Power and Authority to punish

any

No Attorney or Solicitor to plead or have Privilege in the Court.

No Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, or Fractifcr of the Law, to be an Advocate.

Penalty on

Serjeant ruffering an Escape, or Goods to be removed, to pay Debt and Coils.

549

4 7° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

any Insult or Abuse offered themselves, or the Officers of the said Court, be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse all or any of the Commissioners or Officers of the said Court of Requests, for the Time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or in going to or returning from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, cr at any Time affront, insult or abuse, hinder or obstrud, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstrud any Officer of the said Court in the Execution of his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners then fitting (or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be then after held) to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, directing the Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause the Person or Persons so offending to be apprehended and taken before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County in which such Offence shall be committed; and, upon the Fad alledged against him being proved by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered and required to punish the Person or Persons so offending by Fine, not exceeding five Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court Copy of the of Requests for the Time being shall fix up, or cause to be affixed up, from preceding Time to Time, and at all 'limes, in some publick Part of the Court £Xedup°i-iS House, or other Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true the Court' Copy of the last preceding Clauseof this Act, to the End that no Person House.

or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to Commission-

and for the said Commissioners to appoint and provide a proper Place or er® to provide proper Places as and for a Gaol or Gaols, Prison or Pi ifons, or Place or 2 20 ‘

Places of Confinement, for all Prisoners who shall be committed or taken in Execution or otherwise, under or by virtue of this Act, and to appoint a prop r Person or Persons to be Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers thereof; and every such Gaoler or Keeper shall and may, and is hereby Gaoler to required to take into his or their Custody respectively, all and every receivePer-Person or Persons who shall b - committed, or ordered to (land com-

i. -?d by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, or other Precept issued 1

; 1 the said Court, or otherwise, under or by virtue of this Act; and

nv such Gaoler or Keeper shall rtfufe or neglect to receive and

t a *sis Custody any Person or Persons committed as aforesaid by virtue of. this Act, or shall, before the Expiration of the Tune for which any Person or Persons shall be committed, discharge such Person or Persons ,ut of his or the i Custody, and wilfully suffer such Person or Persons Logo at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by Three or more of the said Commissioners, such Keeper and Keepers rtiptdivtly so offending in either of the said Cafes, and being thereof convicted be'ore any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace lor the County in which such Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Jjilice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to adimnilter), or upon his or their own Confession, shall for every such Offence forfeit ami pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person im- Debtors not prisoned by virtue of this Act shall, on the Expiration of his or her Time !habl?P‘T

Gaol rees.

ILcc. tfPtr.l $Z of 26G.3.C 33.

550

J i: fticcs may determine such Offence.

Fees to be taken.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

of Imprisonment, be discharged and set at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or others, by Way of 6aol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or any other Person whosoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Cudody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Offence shall be committed to hear and determine every such Offence, and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon any such Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed (in case such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed), to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgment or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Fees herein-after limited and expressed shall be and are hereby authorized and allowed to be demanded and taken upon and for the several Processes, Acts, Matters, and Things, herein-after mentioned; that is to say.

As to the CLERK’s Duty.

For entering every Cause -

For issuing every Summons -

For every Subpoena ——

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court For every Hearing or Trial -

For l'wearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant — For every Order, Judgement, or Decree -

For a Nonsuit -

For every Search in the Books -

For paying Money into Court -

(If by Instalments Sixpence in the Pound more. For taking or receiving Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satis tadion in the Clerk’s Books —

For every Attachment -

For every Execution -

Clerk, or other Officer of the Court, One Shilling.

On Debt* *ut exceeding Furt) Shilling,*. On Debts exceeding 7ortySnil- ings.

s. d. S» d.

0 4 O 00

0 8 I 4

0 8 t 4

° 3 0 b

0 8 1 4

0 3 0 6

0 6 1 0

1 0 2 0

0 3 0 6

-06 ) 1 0

0 6 1 0

i 0 2 0

1 0 > 2 0

As

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

55*

As to the SERJEANT’s Duty-.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, not exceeding One Miie from the Court House (the Distance to be ascertained by the Commissioners), and attending the Court with the Return thereof —

For evtry Mile after the first from the Court House —

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, or conveying any Delinquent to Prison, if within One Mile of the Court House —

For every Mile after the first from the Court House of an Assistant be necessary for the Serjeant, for the Assistant For every Mile after the first from the Court House

A Table of which Fees shall from Time to Time be hung up in the fairl Court of Requests, in feme conspicuous Part of the Court House or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, that all Persons concerned may peruse and inspect the same.

not exceed-inf Fortj S iiilling j. exceeding Friy Shillings.

I. cl. s. el.

0 4 0 6

0 2 0 3

O 2 0 3

2 0 3 6

0 3 0 6

I O i 6

0 2 0 4

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said For varying Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may from Time l'ees-to Time (if they think fit), being specially summoned for that Purpose in Manner herein directed for the Flection of new Commissioners, lessen or reduce all or any of the Fees limited and allowed to be demanded as aforesaid, so that the same shall not be reduced to less than One Half of the several and respective Sums herein-before particularly mentioned, and may afterwards from Time to Time (if they the said Commissioners, Or any Nine or more of them, shall think fit), upon the like Notice having been given, advance all or any of the said Fees, so lessened or reduced, to any Sum not exceeding the several and respective Sums herein-before mentioned and expressed.

XXXIX. And be it further ens&ed, That if any Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, or any Deputy or Person by either of them employed, or any other Person, shall demand and take any greater or other Fee or Reward than what is herein-before mentioned and specified, under Colour or Pretence of any Service or other Matter in the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding Five Pounds) as the said Commissioners shall aff.fs and impose, to be applied in aid of carrying this Act into Execution.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to make such Orders as they shall think fit for regulating the Manner of receiving and coliefling such Fees, and to authorize and appoint such Perfcrt or Persons as they shall think fit to receive the same; and that every fuel* Person and Persons shall keep an Account of the Receipt of such F.ees, and render and deliver an Account thereof when and as he or they shall be required so to do by the said Commissioners; and it shall and may be lawful to and for

S the

Penalty on taking great-* Fees.

The Com-

milTioners to make Rules and Orders, as may be necessary for receiving, appropriating, and dividing such Fees.

553 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

the said Commissioners to appropriate and diiedl the Payment of any Part or Proportion, nor exceeding One 1 bird Part of fitch Fees so to be collected .11 d ieceived as aforesaid, to or for any other Officer or Officers, to be app1 inted by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and for the bettet Execution of the fame (other than fuel) Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, so to be appointed as aforesaid) and for Payment of the other Expences of carrying thi- Ad into Execution; and the said Commissioners shall and may, if any Dispute or Question shall arise, or they shall otherwise think fit, eired the Division, Appropriation, and Payment of the Remainder of such Fees, and in what Manner, Shares, and Fro-p irtions, to and amongst such Clerk and Clerks, Serjeant and Serjeants, and thrir respective Deputies and Assistants, as shall be appointed in pursuance and for the better Execution of this Act. ,

Recovery

XLI. And be it further enadeJ, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by and Applies- virtue of this Act imposed, and which shall not be paid forthwith (the tics' 0t i>enal" Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals respectively of any Three or more of the Commissioners, cr of the Justice or Justices by whom such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be imposed in pursuance of any Provision in this Act contained (which arrant such Commissioners, and Justice and Justices are hereby r. spectively empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath); and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deduding such Fines and Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and Idling such Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied), shall be pa:d to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall by the said Commissioners be distributed in such Manner as they shall th.nk right and proper amongst the Poor within the Limits of the Jurtf. didien of the said Court; and in case sufficienr Distress fhdl not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or such Justice or Justices, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or such Justice or Justices (as the Case may be), to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County in which the Offence shall have been committed, or th: Gaol of the said Court, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar M nth*, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Chargts attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Form of

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Convic-

Conviction. (jon ft,an be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Eftedf following;

* that is to say,

‘ j)E it remembered, That on this Day of

f in the Year of the Reign of

• A. B is convicted before

* of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

47° GEORGII 353

‘ the; County of [or, before Three of the Commis-

‘ iioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Hales

* Omen, Rowley Regis, Tipton, IVcjl Bromwich, Harborne, and the Manor

* of Bradley, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford,of hav-‘ ing [as the Offence shall be~\ and I [or, we] the said

‘ do adjudge him

* [her, or, them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of such Offence being contrary to the Provisions of an Act, made in the c Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

‘ [here insert the Title of this AdJ. Given under my Hand and Seal [or,

‘ our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, where any Distress shall be Distrefo not made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the be unlaw-Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties Yom ant making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction,

Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe,

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assess- Proceedings ment, or Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning not]°H the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be want'of0* quashed or vacated fen Want of Form only, or be removed or removable Form, or re* by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of movable by His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; any Law CcrUorar'-or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Actions not brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or to.be brought Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, until Notice thereof ^e'^ior^fter shall have been given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person Tender of against whom such Action or Suit shall be intended to be brought (specify- Amends, ing in such Notice the particular Cause of Action), at least One Calendar Month before the suing out and serving the fame, nor after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County where such Person or Persons shall reside as aforesaid, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defend- General Hue, ants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month after such Notice shall have been given, or after Tender of fuss-cient Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place, then and in either of the said Cafes the Jury shall find

554

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdi#, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may Treble Coll*, recover Treble Costs, and shall have such other Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in any other Cafe by Law.

PublkkAS

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the lung’s most Excellent Majesty. 1^07.

A,tj) »i!j VI I avi. j , j ’ ' 1 . '

bis") aril se jftta;.' ’a,: ttfiUm

pit1 tovqo’J he Jjl'ib* f»u Pit .» sUim.)

ai KmhI

m!; t-:luoH ,(.,i

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 37.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His’ present Majesty, for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court constituted by the said Act to the Parishes of Surficet and Gosberton in the Hundred of Kir ton, in the said County.

[25th April 1807.]

"'T "W" 7 HERE AS an Act was pr.Ted in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign \/\/ of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more cap) and 150.3*0.64 v T ffftiy R a every cf Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln; which said Act has been found useful and beneficial; but the fame is in foffie respects defective, and inefficient fully to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade in the said Hundred of Eiloc, and to the neccflhry Support and Protection of use-[Ler. if Ar.] y B ful

558 4^6'febRGlI III. Cap. 37ft

'fuljCi^jfit 'wffhin' the Tame? if thfc Powers or the /'aid Court under the recited Act of parliament were extended to the Recovery of Small Debts, not exceeding five Pounds, and if the Jurisdiction of the Court constituted by the said Act was extended to the Parishes of Surfed and Gcjlerton in the Hundred of Klr'ion in the said County offi/rtco/tf, and if the Number of the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests were increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act of the Fifteenth Year of His said Majesty, as confine or reftra’n the Cognizance or In iiclietioa of the Court of Requests for the said Hundred of Elloe, to Debts not amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, shall from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, be and the same are hereby repealed.

Recited Act

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of ^tended to June One thousand eight hundred and seven, the said Act passed in the Gotbenon. Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln, with the Exportation add Amendment thereof herein enacted, and all the Pow'eii, Direction's, PunifKrhents, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisoes, Matters,' arid Things, in the said Act contained* shall extend, and are hereby extruded to, and shall take effect, operate, and be executed, wits) respectto the said Parishes of Surfleet and Grfberton in Jne Hundred of Kir ton in the County of Limo/n, and to "all and evefv Person andPeiToirs renting or keeping any House, Warehouse, \Vharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed; Stail or Stand, of working or feei'.ing a LiveuTdod,' or trading of cfesling in either of the said Parishes, and ‘to all other Persons, iniucl) and the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all ImfhtS and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Farifties were fitoate in'dr Part of the-' said Hundred of Elloe, or as it the said Powers, Directions* Punishments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisoes, Matters and Tilings, Were herein re-enacted with respect and in relation to the said Parishes of Surfed and’ Gosberton y. aforesaid.

Commissioners acting

- under the recited Act, and additional Com-inissioner* herein named, to be Commissioners for exe- curing this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Commissionerr who have been nominated and appointed in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, arid who shall take and subscribe the Oath herein-after mentioned, shall be Commissioners for. putting the said recited Act anti this Act in execution; and that Richard Ashby junior, Charles Bonner, Thomas Broderick junior, Robert- Tu mard Blackilh, Thomas Breckejhy, Nathaniel Betts, Robert Baines, Reverend Jopn Calt/rrop, Reverend Robert Carrulhers, Thomas Congreve, Reverend Richard Dods, William Dods, James Dawson, Daniel Dana, Evfebius Dundy, Jehu Baalim, Reverend Samuil Elf dale, George Masrech' Edmonds, Samuel Edwards junior. Reverend Ik illiam Fisher Doctor in Divinity, Rcbcrti. Eller, 7 lotmslifer, William Edward i'ojler, Jejfe Fr idling! on, Francis Gilbert, James. Garner, George Gee, Richard Health Doctor of P hylic, Henry jlawkcs, John Hcl-"detness, fames Heardson, Mathew 'Hoidich,. Reve.t.end. jpb# jje/jeafi, Thomas Maples, John Merrimdn, James Nicholson, Reverend Samuel 6 Oliver,

47° GEORGII III. J7. J59

■Oliver, Charles Odlin, John Pickivorfh, CawOpd Robinfan, Reverend Moora Scribo, Henry Smith, John Smith junior, John Tat am, John Wil-Icrton, Thomas Webfier, Charles IVyche, IVUli'am Wyche 'junior, Charles Toung, and John YarJay, shall be and areferAyand declared additional Commillk'iters, for putting theJ said recitea Act and tills Act, in all respects, in Execution; and that they the said Ctarfimissioners, and Debts reco-every Commissioner from Time to Time To be elected and appointed verableby in Manner directed by the said recited Act, or any Three Of more of diem, thlsA&-shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to decide and determine all Disputes and Differences between Party and Party, for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Actions or causes of Debt whether such Debt shall arise from any Promissory Note or Inland BUI of Exchange, or for Rent upon Leases, Articles, Minutes, and in all Gauses of AJfumpfit and Infimul Computajfet, and in all causes or Actions of Trover and Coi.version, and in all causes and Returns founded on a Quantum Meruit, and in all causes or Actions of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

IV. Provided, always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act, or This Act not any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt where any to extend to Title of Freehold, or Lease for Years of any Lands or Tenements, shall come i;i question; nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding the Sum 61 Five Pounds; nor to any Debt that shall arise by reason of the Occupation ol Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, situated elsewhere than in the said Hundred of.Elloe, and Parishes of Surfleet and Gosberton in the said Hundred of Kirton j or by reason of any Cause concerning Teltament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition for or by way of Retainer ol Tythes; nor to any Debt for any Motley or Thing won at or by means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Flay; nor to any Debt which there has not been a Cdntraft, Acknowledgement, LTndertaking, or Promise to pay, within Six Years before the talcing out of the Summons, although the fame respectively shall not exceed Five Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

- " ' - ft < if i

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners already dp- Commission-pointed and to be appointed as aforesaid, or any or either of them, shall ersnottoaft not be capable of acting as Commissioners or a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given By*this Act or' by the thlfulicwing said recited Act, after the said first Day of June One thousand eight bun- ©ath. dred and seven, until they and he reljjeftively shall have taken an Oath to the Effect: following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, being one #of the People called Quakers, do 0 •,

* solemnly affirm] That I will faithfully, hone/tly, and impartially, a"'

according to the belt of my Skill and! Judgement, rexecute the several

f Powers and Trulls reposed in me as a Commissioner of the Court of e Requells within the Hundred of Elloe in the County of Lincoln, eon-

* formably to the Directions, true Intend and Meaning of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majti^y* 'intituled,. An Act for the ‘ more easy and /needy Recovery of Small Debts •witbi^the Hundred of Elloe

560

Clerk or De. putv to afi-miniIter the Oath.

Qualification nt Commissioners.

Af* of Cum

r. Abner , good before Conviction.

Officers ap-p limed by former Act, to continue.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

* * the County of Lincoln; and of an Act passed in the Forfy-seventh c Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, inti'uled. An Act \here ‘ set forth the Title of this Ad~\ or conformably to the Directions, and true ‘ Intent and Meaning of such orfo much of the fame Two Acts as now ‘ ate or is in force, and that without Favour or Affection, Prejudice

* or Malice; and also, that I am a Houftholder, or carry on Trade, ‘ within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and that I am possessed of a ‘ Rea! Estate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges c or Incumberances whatsoever. So help me GOD.’

Which Oath shall be in lieu and stead of the Oath mentioned or prescribed to be taken by a Commissioner, in the said recited Act; and which said Oath, herein-before mentioned or contained, one of the Clerks of the said Court for the Time being, or their or his fufncient Deputy, is hereby empowered and required to administer; and they the said ' Commissioners shall and are hereby required, after taking the said Oath, to sign or subscribe their respective Names upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, or in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath written or prmted therein; and such Roll or Rolls or Book shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a Householder or shall carry on Trade within the lurifdiction of the said Court, and be possessfed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall prefuine to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall f r every such Offence (over and abpve any P'iniihinem which he may be liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or IVr lot is who shall sue for the same, to be recoveted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efioign, Protection, or Wager of 1 aw, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plant, and Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Pnc.e utor to prove that the Person io filed or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that ail Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissiontr or CoinmiiTior.trs in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted ,of fitch Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and elfiftual as iffiich Person or Persons had been duly qualified acceding to the Directions oi this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That each of the Clerks and Serjeants duly elected and chofon under and by virtue of the L:J recited .-'ft, shall remain and continue to be'fu.ch Clerks and Serjeants of the said Court of Rcqutils, for the Execution of the Pur, fos in the: id recite J Act and th.’s Act contained; and it fhuR be lawful for'either oi the f«M Clerks

from

47° GEORGII III. Gap. 17.

561

from Time to Time to appoint a proper and fufiieient Deputy to act and officiate for him in the Duties of the said Place or Office.

VIII. And, for better regul iting the Sittings of the said Court, be it Timeo? further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall npt hold the said Court, or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Cause or causes, to be heard or determined by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act,

but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon -, and nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses, in the said Court, in pursuance of any Order or Summons blued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, save and except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Six of the Ciock in the Afternoon.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (whether such Person or Persons shall reftde bef ,rc Com-within tire Ju'rifdiction of the said Court or not) having any Debt or Debts missioners, on the Balance of Account, or in respect of Wages, Rents, or Arrears wl*o may of Rent, or ©therwife howsoever, not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds *fen the* due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or parties ?.s in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executor or Admi-. they think pistrator, Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, or due u-or owing tb him as High Bailiff, Constable, or other Officer, to any Body Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or a- ( lerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society ti dy associated and constituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided* or in any other Manner whatsoever not expressly prohibited by this Act by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing or occasionally coming into, or sojourning within the said Hundred of Elloe and the Parishes of Surfleet and Gosberton in the said Hundred of Kiri on, or keeping or using any House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging,

Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or working or seeking a Livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing therein respectively, to cause such Debtor or Debtors aS atOresaid'to be warned'OV summoned by personal Service or by a printed or written Summons left at the Dwelling House or lad Place of Abode, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall,

Stand, or any other Place of dealing of such Debtor or Debtors, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court at such Time and Place,

Times and Places, in such Manner and under and subject to such and the fame Powers, Process, and Method of Proceeding, Orders, Judgements,

Decrees, and Executions, not herein arid hereby altered and amended, as are mentioned, expressed, enacted, and declared in and by the said recited Act of the Fifteenth Year of the Reigil of His said present Majesty, and that as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted ■> and upon due Proof of such Summons having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners present in Court (the Number of such Commissioners present not being, less than by this Act directed) are. hereby empowered and re-

quir?d

56* G EO K OI I IU.

qmrfjl to riiake Ju^C'rtq'iry^oanbcfhingfacli Debts, Demands, or Plaints, apd mate?' fecit Order or'1'Orders, Decree or Decrees therein, and pass ftfclv final Judgement? bf Sentence thereupon, and award such Colls of Suit as to them fh'all' fee lit Sri oft agreeable to Equity and good Conference; By Intfrly ' and they are also hereby empowered to order and direct the Payment of o'h' nvu' such Debts to be made either in one Sam af once, or by Instalments

o. itrwitc., at'Rated Periods, as they Avail fee Cause, and deem just and reasonable;

ail which Order or Orders, Dcciees, Judgements, and Proceedings so to Orders and be made, iba.11 be fegiftered in a Book or Books to be kept for that

tuTttTe df* ^lirP°^c by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, his or their i'ufficienr tered. "6* Deputy or Deputies, as they have been accustomed to be; and as well tlvd Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, as the Debtor or Debtors, whom such Or der or Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Proceedings, shall respectively concern, shall bbftrve, perform, and keep the fame respectively in all BStfifs 5- and no such Orders, Decrees, Judgements, or Proceedings, shall removed, or removeable into any other Court by Certiorari, or other-wises'except-for the Purpose of enforcing and carrying into Effect such Order, Decree, or Judgement.

Plaintiffs not - - X. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return iDefendant to °* any-Summoftg issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at have Colls,' any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, or of the Cause or &c. on account ©Fwftidh such Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear either in Person or by his or their Agent or some other Person oil his, her, of their Behalf, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become nonsuited or- Judgement shall be pronounced against him, her, of them by the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case it shall and may- be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby Required to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reason-tth'a'Cofes and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble PMW'f and Attendance as they the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by'such Ways or Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts n ordered or decreed by the said Court.

Oddt ^wDMdirwvbtm bon ehiiuofl avil iu at fe *!»'*.:.>, •; tf.tl , nt

OfEetwcf 1, b

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and luniir.Di'vtVitV ani' Plaiiftift dr Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit or Defies. Cause hereafter depending in the said Court of Requests, to cause any Person or Persons,' to be warned or summoned as often as shall appear necessffry, by the Serjeant of the said Court, either by serving such Summons personally, or by leaving the fame at the last or usual Place or respective Places of Abode of fetch Person or Persons, to appear as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in the said Court in or concerning any Suit Witnesses not or Caule; and in case any fetch Person or Persons so to be summoned to tcFu^n"io°r Evidence--^as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to appear at

give Evi- the Time and Place to which he, she, or they shall be so summoned, or, dence, to for- appearing upon any such Summons, shall refuse to be examined upon fcit a certain Oath , or in case «f a Quaker or Quakers, on solemn Affirmation (which Oath "m 5 . . or: Affirmation any one' of the {aw Commissioners, or either of their Clerks,

v - as hereby authOHKed ro administeQ and to give Evidence as aforesaid be-'.v fore such :Gommiflioflers, according to the true Intent and Meaning of

vUi q; t this

fcnA' VI

47° GEORGII III. CCep 57.

this Act, then and in either of the said Cafes, every such Person so-

neglecting or relufing. shall forfeit and pay for every fu:h Offence any

Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings, to be awarded by the said Commil'-

sioners, or any Three-14 more of them, unless a reasonable Lxcufe be

ode red to ihd allowed by r.the said Commissioners; audit the Person or anti in De-

Persons so offending shall not forthwith pay into the said Court the fault of Pay-

Penalty or Forfeiture so ijnpoi'ed upon him, her, or them, it shall and

may be lawful to'iutd'for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, t orderjaml cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended by

an Officer of khot said Court, and committed to the Common Gaol or

House of Correction for the Parts,of Holland in the said County of Lin-

cnln, there , to reiriain for any Space of Time not exceeding* Fourteen Days,

unless such Penalty pr Forfeiture Jshall bet. sooner paid and every such Application

Penalty or Forfeiture as last mentiefned',. as shall be received by virtue of 0 c"aues-

this Act, shall thereupon (after dedilfting. the reasonable Costs and Charges of apprehending and talcing such Person or Persons so neglecting or

refilling) be paid over to die Party, at wvhole It,dance such Summons

issued. 01 ->u fs 1O

XII. And be it farther enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages ctr any other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, shall; be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Joirrnevmao, Shopman, Shopwoman, Affiitarrt, Labourer, or any other Person whomfpever, under the Age of Twenty-one Y-ears,| it shall and may be lawful to and for such Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, A irritant, Labourer, or other Pete* son, to sue for and recover such Debt, in the said Court, in the faroej Manner as if he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissionetst present in the said Court, are hereby authorized and required to take qpgft nizance of, and proceed in all Caules concerning such Debts, in the faniei Manner, and shall have such and the like Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

- ' > 10 •mi Lqmoa Ln*. aabio o! bur ,»fl jlrtidr

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be:

commenced in any other Court than the said Court iof Requests, far any Debt not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, in the said Court of R equests, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Costs whatsoever; and if the Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and so often such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, aR#lhad have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colts in any Case by Law... -- u

d t>) hlidsT Jiaf? aeommuej rfoul yjts none uaunar,

XIV. Provided always,. That nothing heteia contained shall extend, or be cohllrued to extend,.ioipteveMror restraib 3ny Person or Persons-from making Distress, or bringing aujr Action or Actions whatsoever for Rent and thereby recovering such Rent; with Cq£s, although.the fame Rent shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

Debts due to Persons under Age may be recovered.

Verdict in any other Court, for Debts recoverable in this Court, not entitled to Costs; but if Verdict be

Sven for the efendant and the Judge shall ccitify that the Debt ought to have been recovered in this Court, be shall have DoubleCofts.

Persons not prevented from recovering Rents by Dtftrefi, See.

564

Ststute of

Li IiltiltlonS nmy be pl.acted.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XV. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the said Court of Requests, it is hereby furthef enacted and declared, That Defendants in that , C^urt shall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations now in being or hereafter to be made; and every such Defendant so pleading and claiming shall have and receive such or the like Advantage or Relief thereby as such Defendant would hare been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he or flic had be n sued for the fame Debt, or other Cause of Action, in any of His. Majesty's Courts at Wtflmitsler, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Plaintiff to fpiit or divide any Cause or Action for Recovery of any Debt, where the whole Sum which shall appear to be due ana owing shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more causes or Actions, for the Purpose of bringing such Cause. or Actions within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that any Plaintiff shall hive so fpiit or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in every such, Cafe the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to dismiss, with Coils, every such Cause or Action so fpiit and divided; but such Jiifruiilal shall not binder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he or she may lawfully proceed.

u- Court

XVII. Provided always, That in case any Plaintiff, who shall have so L such Aaion Ujlit or divided such his or her Cause or Action, shall be uiil.ng to accept f> flit, if the fuel} Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by this Act enabled to FIci tiff adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in. full of the Whole of his or her Defied to re in such Cause or Action so fpiit or divided, then and in every such

c'pjv,. " vto- Cafe, the said Commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree,' and pro-ney in full of trounce (on such Plaintiff proving his or her Cause or Cafe to the Satis-all IVinan d f»ftiou of the said Ctommissionerfc) such Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding A Sion Five Pounds, as to the said Commissionc.rs shall seem just and reasonable;

and such Sum shall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be in full Difcjiarge of ad Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Cause or Action so fpiit or divided.

Actions not to be Iplit, for the Purpose of bring, ing them be lore the Court.

prisonmcia

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom.

1 soever shall be.committ.u to any Gaol or Prison by Order of the said Court, for any Debt o. Debts, or he kept or continued in Custody on, any Pretence.whatsoever-(except in the Cafes hcrerin-aiter otherwise provided for), fur any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from, the Time of Ijii,.iter, tn tliftr C,pmniitmei)t;to Prison, than is or are next herein-after that is. ( fey, where tjre Debt £eRcldfive of Costs) d^ihat^xes^ihe^unvof Twenty Shillings, tjien he, she, or they Ibaft

She kept or continued in'Cqftedy for more than (Twenty-Days; and ere the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Twenty Shillings, and does

Jiot

4.70 GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 565

not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colls) is above Forty Shillings and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exchifive of Costs) is above Three Pounds and docs not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Four Pounds and does not exceed Five Pounds then not more than One hundred Days, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

XIX. And in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned for Debt to the said Court from fraudulently concealing Money, Goods ncy nr Goods or Effects; be it further enacted, That in case, upon the Summons of the Time »• any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Information of any 1,15 !n"

such fraudulent Concealment shall be given, such Court shall have Power ' to hear Evidence as to the Fad:; and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administer), then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment of such 1,'eu to any Period, in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Tim? of In-this Act, all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Execu- person'nent to tion, under or by virtue of any Process issuing from or out of the said ^hEsecu-Court of Requells, and who at the Time of being taken into Custody, or

during his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall have more than one Execution against him, her, or them in the said Court, he, she, or they shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each and every Execution; that is to say, after the limited Time is expired on the First Execution, the Imprisonment shall commence on the Second Execution; and after the limited Time is expired on the Second Execution, the Imprisonment shall commence on the Third Execution; and so on until he, she, or they so shall have been imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each and every separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken info Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment j any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for Proofs not

the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of to *:1uc

any Person or Persons, in any Case or Cafes where the Party entitled to p)d(£n

the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree, shall at the same Time Goods of the have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of tame Persons. the same Person or Persons. v>_ .'. •. . -'f /

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That each and every Person impri- Debtors not fbned by virtue of this Act, shall, on the Expiration of h.s or her Time. Jjjble to pay-of Imprisonment^ be discharged and set at liberty without paying any Sum l ees* or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatso-erer, to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol or Prison, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnip- Ssf Per.'] 7 D keys

5^6 r/ GEORGII I1J. Cap. 37.

keys of the said Gaol or Prison, or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum of Slims whatsoever, uj)on tire Dhcltarge of any sech Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody* as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prifoiier or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Two Justices Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of mine such" ^>eace act'no for the said Hundred or Division where such Offence

Offence. i]iah °e committed, to hear and determine every such Offence, and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exibited, or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed (in ca(e such Information shall be exhibited, or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof $ and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the Paris of Holland in the said County of Lincoln, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Lofts and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged; and one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to one of the Clerks to the said Commissioners, and the same shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

Record of

XXIII. And whereas it may happen that Persons served with Process rna^he'r"1 ^ulllo out of the said Court of Requests, may, in order to avoid Execu. moled6into t‘on’ remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction,

the superior 01° the said Court; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where a final Courts, and Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings shall cutTon'issued" ^ave k£en obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for to the Sheriff any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, upon Affidavit made and filed of any Coun- of such Decree or Judgement being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Pre. cept of Execution having issued against the Person or Persons, or Effects, as the Case may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels, of such Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court (which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to

take

47° GEORGII III.' Cap. 37. 56

take'Affidavits^, it shall and maybe lawful to and for such superior Court to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgement to be removed into such superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the said Courts at (Vejlminster; and the Sheriff, upon every such Execution, shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Cods of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court subsequent to the said Decree of Judgement, and of the Execution in the superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

• ! V

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums of Fees to be Money herein-after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken talten-by the Clerks and Serjeants of the said Court of Requells, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of the said recited Act, and of this Act, in lieu and (lead of the Fees and Sums of Money limited vid expressed in the said recited Act; (that is to say).

1

i n i VzrgnuD

•» T ft) ,\i J>n£

b

* .----- - -- A

I-'..' t-

s: . 10 i:Gl r ;c

’ . . i-

o' zrz:r; . ' ,n.noE v

ids? .

CLERKS

s6i

47° GEORGII III. Cap. if.

Table of

Feea to be bung up in

the Court.

d.

6

6

6

3

6

3

6

o

3

6

o

0

o S

O 2 2 O

£ '• d.

i o

o 6

CLERKS FEES.

For entering every Cause -

For ilfuing every Sammons -

For every Subpoena.

For calling every Plaintiff oi Defendant before the j Court J

For every Hearing or Trial

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defen-1 dant -

Fbr every Order, judgement, or Decree For a Nonsuit

For every Search In the Books or Minutes For paying Money into Court in full If by Instalments For taking Money out of Court F r acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerks j books - - - J

For every Attachment -

For every Execution -

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Insult b or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Com- > missioners, Clerks, or Officers of the Court - j

SERJEANTS FEES.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Sub-T poena, if within either of the Towns of Spalding I or Holbeach, and attending the Court with the j return thereof - - - J

If out uf either of the said Towns, Four-pence more for every Mile.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the I Court - - - J

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or j Warrant against the Body or Goods - J

If out of either of the said Towns of Spalding or Holbeach, Four-pence more for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delin quest to Prison, Eight-pence for every Mile distant from the Place of Arrest to such Prison.

A Table of which said Fees shall be hung up by the Clerk of each of the said Courts in some conspicuous Part or Parts of the said Court House or Court Houses, Place or Places, where the said Commissiofters shall meet for the Purposes aforesaid, so that all Persons concerned may fee and examine the same.

On Debts

not exceeding Forty Shillings.

On Debts above Fort y Shillings.

° 3

4 o

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney, Solicitor, Scrivener, or any Person practiiing the Law, shall be permitted to appear in the said Court of Requests, as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant or any other Person, or to be admitted to speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter, in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself a Party or Witness.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due and owing, or demanded from Two or more Persons jointly, by reason or on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade or otherwise jointly concerned, Service of such Summons as aforesaid on any one of such Partners or Persons, or left for him, her, or them at such Place and in such Manner as is herein-before spedfied with respect to the Service of Summonses, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of such Partners or Persons were separately fumnroned as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting thereof, assembled pursuant to Notice in Writing for that Purpose to be given by One of the Clerk or Clerks, or his Deputy, to the said Commissioners for the Time being, the Number of Commissioners then present not being less than Seven, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and directed to make, ordain, and constitute such Rules and Regulations as to them shall seem meet, for securing the Balances and other Sums of Money', belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, in the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy, which at any Time from and after the passing of this Act may be by them or either or any of them received, and for the due accounting for and Application of all such Balances and other Sums of Money, and also for auditing the Accounts at lead Once in every Year, and oftener if they shall deem rieceffaiy.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the said Commissioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the Time being during his or their Sitting or Attendance in or upon the said Court, or in going to or returning from the said Court, or shall interrupt or obstruct the Proceedings of the said Court, or hinder or prevent, or threaten to hinder or prevent, any of the Clerks or Serjeants in the lawful Execution cl their respective Office or Offices; then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Officers of the said Court, or any of them, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended, such Person or Persons, and to bring him, her, or them before the said Court, if then fitting; and the said Commissioners shall and may then examine i’nto such Insult, Abuse, or Mffbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what passed, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses^-which Oath or Oaths the said Clerks or their respective Deputies are hereby authorized to administer; and upon such Insult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour being duly proved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to impose a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every such Offence, on [Lac. Ss* Per.] 7 E each

569

No Attorney Solicitor, Scrivener, or Practifer of the Law to be Advocate.

Where Debt* are due from Two or more Persons being Partner*,summoning one of them sufficient.

Commissioners may make Rules respect* ing Suitor* Money.

Penalty on Persons in-fulting the Court, &c.

C iff*

y^cUoq*

IVtlreis not '_■ ur.law-*.*: '* ;r Want Form.

4>° GliORGll 111. %/. 37.-

*&H and every such Offender or Offenders; and in case such Fine and die Oofts incidental to the •Ajiprehenfjdri and Conviction of such < offender or Offenders fespectively shall not be immediately paid, it shall be lawful for the fan] Comriiiffibners, or the major Part of theta, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, either to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goo is, or to commit such Offender or Offenders, or any or either of them, who shall neglect or refuse to pay the said line and Costs as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House or Correction for the Parts of Holl.nid in tint said Count)" of Lincoln, for any Time not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months, or until the said Pine and the Coffs of and incident to the Con vision of such Offender or Offenders be paid; and in case the said Court shall not bo fitting at the Time of such Offence or Misdemeafior being committed, or shall have broken up before such Offender or Offenders can be apprehended or brought before the said Court, such Person or Persons shall and may be taken or carried before One or more jufliceor Justices of the Peace for the Parts or Division of Holland in the County of Lincoln, and dealt with according to the Provisions of the said recited Act for enforcing the Decrees and Orders of the said Commissioners, and prgferving the said Commissioners, Clerks, and Officers from Insult and Abu ft*

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be bad for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that istp say),

‘ go it remembered, That on this Day of

‘ in the Year of the Reign of

‘ A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty’s

‘ Justices of the Peace for the said Hundred or Division [or, before the major ‘ Part of the C ommissioners this Day acting or fitting in the Court of ‘ Requests at Spalding or Holbeach, for the Recovery of Small Debts ‘ within the Hundred of Elloe in the County of Lincoln, and Parishes of ‘ Snrjkct and Gofbalon in the Hundred of Kirton in the said County] of ‘ having [as the OJjcnccshall bej: And I [or, we] the said ‘ . do adjudge [him, her, or, them] to forfeit and pay

‘ for the fame the Sum of such Offence

‘ being contrary to the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty.seventh c Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here insert the * Title of this A cl). Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and ‘ Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid."

XXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, \Varrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio en account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special jymage in an Action upon the Cafe.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be tommcnced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act, and of this Act, or either of them, or on account of any Order, Determination, Judgement, or Decree of any of the said Commissioners, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given in Writing, to be left at the Office of one of the Clerks of the said Court, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall have arisen; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the said Cafes such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colls in any Cafes by Law.

XXXII. Provided always, that the said recited Act, and all Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as and in such Cases as the same are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, and are not repugnant to any of the Provisions of this Act, continue and be in full force, and extend to all and every Person and Persons to whom this Act doth or shall extend.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the said First Day oijune One thousand eight hundred and seven, and be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. JS07.

57*

Limitation of Actions.

I (Tue.

DoubleCofts.

Said recited Act except where hereby repealed, or otherwise provided for, extended to this Act.

Commencement of the

Act.

Publick AfU

-7 * m- O 111 II

yodw kflL; nAS \nxt l .*:ii swn 3< •r-

-*» U-’C tjOfi ,-v. \ ;Ovi :'.

am sre itiw - s; !' jMKU itjfu,;

iaann •* !.« s: ..uyi JssuTJ*.

•'fed <0 *>-/ -: ' oiA

2 .-■! ,b . yid? hr.& z&r&'/'i

>SJ t 1 bsii. . ,->l jC'

- ' :r:

sigfjb

bacoift.; :■ i" l'l JlWVO'q c '

'.V, ^}V'. niiuslxib'.

'>fh . >h uti iHftu. , UA.J

tttt irj( HJflr /»• ioitil ,;tj cubauft kl - 4.

•»' A p nr.if Pftm*

IrtjBK. ) Iff (if tyfit '1^- i*.; «*" 7 ±t.

>air . Jltj* // ’ !.:lfcvT>voffl K

o* S

VtilfM 1 Ito :'Udc fij 'i i ' ' , ■»*'.

fv-jtfoOk •in *J it. Mt'M« ♦! ' ' S '* tCri- f •

\in

A.

ia mIi. ,^-tUw r; xru'!

ti

;V!.v *)

~-i,

-* *? . *. -7. V,"’

t } .

r. /h

iMi: a

*■' »•; 1 '-'V1- /;

y * ;.. . f rt-i- *1*. *Mti

V t, J. 't

-i-. j. i . - v v

( v ,i’c4 7/ -

■ '■

yraoii»cfJwwwvf.i*.

(•vf u;

*. * i.

rtc» dhaa * fit*? sti;1 *» otr^ v ci 21 «te a-

- y{ *a

or;

-"•*» ' * a

ifc Ijpfe^l

UlSfer ‘AUf ‘-.p

.!-> s #k»«r.-

•2#i <•-■»■

as w

*r r(l ?,

' ,iv

r;vm ■& ijii , 1 u - ieA' F. J

- ? '• r

T ... i,

i h ■•' ti.-. nr- i«jaa'ni7;v. a :T0M;ac-» •'.'•♦! f

r * . t > :. r»n:i 14 a»-^Ui C fc

: .-Rii --;gA|r>i- i. firsttiC V- . .-• Tf r

■ ..• U. '. * . U :'u.2v

ruiH t.£ n iirji •*s .1 i-M 8-< ..'5 T'v

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

I*

Cap. 38.

An Act for altering and enlarging so much of the Powers of several Acts made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Eleventh, Fourteenth, and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent, as relate to the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Blooms-bury> in the County of Middlesex, and to certain Places called Holborn above the Bars and Middle Row in Holborn, in the said County; and for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch of the said Parishes.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the Purifies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew’s Holborn which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several■ Liberties of the Rolls and Savov, and that Part of the Dutchy of [Lot. fsf Per.] 7 F Lancaster

2 G, 3. c. 41.

574

47°CJEORGII hi. Cap. 38.

Lancaftcrtiwich Tics in the County of Middlesex / and for preventing Annoyances therein, dnd for other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas by. One other Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present 3 G. 3. c. 23. Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more, effectual an Act made in the Lift Session of Parliament, intituled ‘An Ad1 for paving,

* cleaning, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and

* Liberty of Wedminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint *.• George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the

* Parish of Saint Andrew’s Holbourn which lies in the County of Middlesex,

* the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the

* Dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for ‘ preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:' And whereas by one other Act made in the Fourth Year of the

4G 3.C. 39. Reign of Hi& present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effeduaf Two several Acts of Parliament made in the Second and Third Tears, of His present hfijefiy, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and 'other Places therein mentioned, and for preventing Annoyaricos therein, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas by One other Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty^ 5 G. 3. c. 50. intituled, An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the several Acts passed in the Second, Third, and Fourths Tears of His present Majestfs Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating the Squares, Streets, and other Placet within the City and Liberty of Weft-nainster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned, and for extending Jhe Provifsons of the said Acts to the Surry Side 9/ Wdfcrmnfter BRdgG and far enlarging the Powers of the said Acts wilhsuPffpiSp.dk Sfaatrsf divers Rowers and Authorities were given to certain Cqnirniffio^oss!. lihereby appointed for carrying the several Purposes oLfhe said ’recited Acts into' Execution; and the said Squares, Soeets.Vand Lanes were, by virtue of the said recited Acts, put under the foie Management of the said. Commissioners: And whereas by one other Act made in the Eleventh jiG-3. c. 22, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent-, the said Squares, Streets, and Lanes (except certain Streets and Places called Optional Streets, therein mentioned) were put under the Management of parochial Committees, to be annually elected and appointed by the Vestrymen of the Parishes, Precincts, Liberties, and Places within the Limits of the said recited Acts out of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Precincts, Liberties, and Places respectively, but subject, as therein mentioned, to the Control of the said Commissioners, and of certain other Commistioners to be joined with them, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts; and the Committees for the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bioomfbury, when elected or chosen as aforesaid, were directed from Time to Time to assemble and meet in the Vestry Room of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields to and for the Purposes of making all and every she Rates or Assessments, and for every Purpose concerning the repairing, cleansing, and lighting the several Squares, Streets, Lanes* and other Places within such Parishes, and for exercising all and every other the ;lowers and Authorities thereby granted, except as therein is mentioned; and that with, resptft to the Rate, or Rate*, Assess111 or

X. t Assessments

5/5

47° GEORGII m i Capitfi

'Alftflfments therein clireded toi be made for ilia Purposes of repairing,

•rleanirng, and lighting the several Squares, Streets,.'Lanes, and other Places within the said respective Parishes, and for all and every the Puyj poses of that Ad and the said recited Acts, the said Two Parishes were > t declared to be One Parish, and the Committees thereof were, direderl tb ad in Conjunction and be considered as One Committee to all Interns and Purposes whatsoever, except as therein-after mentioned: And wherdas by one other Act made in the T1 i.tieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effsc- 30.G. 3. C. 534 tual several Aits made for paving, clernfing, and lighting the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, and Other- Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and ■Parts adjacent, and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of parochial 'Committees, Jub-jeil to the Comtroul of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuanci af thP- 0 said several Acts; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyanett,

Ob/lruilions, and Encroachments in the Jiiid Streets and other Places, ditth for other Purposes, the W hole of a certain Street called Holborn, in the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloeitiflrhry, and in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the Ibid.

County of Middlesex, and of a certain Passage called Middle Roib,‘in the said Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars (Part of the Street* anti Places called Optional Streets which were, by virtue of the said t recited Act made in the Fifth Yeaneef. the Reign of His present Majesty, put* under the Management u® tiife laid GoiamilTioners at the Reiquest of the'

Owners and Occupiers of HoXifes. afi&oMier Building* in futh Streets and Places)* were put under the MaliageraSnt^futhe-.jbuiLvO^nalmhtee chpfett. and to be chosen for the said Parishes of 'S^isACAIerdn the tfirr/gTand George Bloomsbury, by virtue of the said recited Act madei irf the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and it was thereby declared that so much of the said Street and Passage called Holborn. and■ Middle Row as lies in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars should be deemed and taken, for the Purposes of that Ad, to be within the United Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fitids and Saint George Bloomsbury, ji.

subject nevertheless to the Control of the said Commissioners as therein mentioned: And whereas by one other Act made in, the Fourteenth Year' of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Re• 14G. 3. c. 50. gulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent, and for other Purposes' therein mentioned, the Vestrymen of both the said United Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George "Blo&uijkury jointly, were declared to be Trustees for the better regulating the/frtightly Watch and Beadles and for other the Purposes of i’uch Act within the Said.IhairethParilhes, and were empowered to arcter add direct what PoQnd Raie fe«ulii be paid for defraying* the Charges tmd Expences of such- nightly WatnE and Beadles; and it is by such Ad provided, that no Afleifntenc or Assessinertts to be made by virtue thereof should in any one Year exceed Sixpence in the Pound of the yearly Value of the Kottfes, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars* and other Buildings to be assessed, charged, levied, accounted for, and paid as therein mentioned :■ And whereas the Committees and Trustees elected and appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of thtr Eleventh and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty for

earn ingi into Execution the several Purposes of the said recited Acts within the said Parishes of Saint Giles hi the Fields- and Saint George 5 . Bloomsbury,

576 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Bloonjbwy, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and as far as they ■were thereby enabled have executed the same to the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes; but certain of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, with the said Street and Place called Holborn and Middle Row, have been found, in foine Cafes, defective and insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; and it is expedient that such Powers and Provisions should be varied, altered, and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Powers and That the said several recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Autho-form'r°A(tf r"*es> ^rt>cies> Clauses, Exemptions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, except where and a^ other Matters and Things therein contained, and which were in varied by this force at or immediately before the passing of this Act, so far as the same Act, confirm- relate to the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George pfied'o this Bloomsbury, and to the said Street or Passage called Holborn and Middle Aft/° Row, as lies in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars (save and except so much of the said recited Acts as relates to any Exemption from Stamp Duties, and such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, for carrying, the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Limits of this

II. Provided always and be it enacted, That for- the Purposes of the

Act described.'said recited Acts, and of this Act (save and except as herein excepted), so much of the said Street and Place called Holborn and Middle Row in the County of Middlesex, as lies in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, shall be deemed and taken to be within the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, and within the Limits of the said recited Acts and this Act; and the several Powers, Authorities, Articles, Clauses, Provisoes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, in the said recited Acts and this Act contained (save and except as herein excepted), so far as the fame relate to the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, shall extend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend to all and every the Squares, Streets* Lanes, Passages, and Places already made, formed, and paved, and hereafter to be made, formed, and paved, within the said Parishes ol Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury or either of them, including so much of the said Street and Place called Holborn and Middle Row, in the County of Middcfex, as lies in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars (Lincoln's Inn Fields, such Part of the Carriage Way of Tottenham Court Road as is under the Management of the Trustees of the Hampstead and Highgate Turnpike Roads, and the several Streets and Places built and to be built on Lands belonging to the Governors of the Hospital lor exposed and defer ted young Children, only excepted), and to no other Square, Street, or Place whatsoever.

47° GEORGII IIE Cap.jB. 577

III. Provided always, ^That nothing m tins Act contained flnll extend, The Rrgula-or be conlh ucd to extend, so as to regulate, or in any Manner to affect

the Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles within so much of the not to e>:Lid

said Street and Place called Holborn and Middle Rave, in the said County to Middle

of Middlesex, as lies in the l’arish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, Row «r HoL

or to enable the said Vestrymen of the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the

Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury to make, raise, or collect any Rate or Rates for that Purpose; but such Nightly Watch and Beadles within

so much of the said Street and Place called Holborn and Middle Row as

lies in the said Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars shall and

may be regulated in such and in the like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Pavements,

Pavements, Stones, Bricks, Polls, Carts, Iiorfes, Iron, Timber, and Furniture, Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Polls, made life of, erected, or fixed up for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them (so far as the fame relate to the several Parishes and Places within the Limits of this Act), and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things purchased or provided for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or of any of them, so far as the fame relate to the several Parishes and Places within the Limits of this Act, or for the Purposes of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of, and are hereby vested in the said Committee and their Successors; and the said Committee, or any Three or more of titter for the Time being, shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case may require), against any Person or Persons who shall ileal, take, or carry away* detain, spoil, injure, or destroy the several Articles and Things hereby; vested in them the said Committees and their Successors as aforesaid,: or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actionsi and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be, and be.deemed and taken to be sufficierit to flute generally, that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of " The Committee of the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bltomsbury, in the County of Middlesexwithout particularly flaring or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Committee y and the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or any of them, so fax as the fame relate to the several Purish.es and Places within the Limits-of this Act, ail or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Committee:, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper. c,

V. And be it further cnactcJ, That if any Person or Persons, other Fur prevent-than and except the Person or Persons employed by or contracting with the }nS Allies b'-said Committee for cleaufutg,the said Squares,. Streets, and Places, under

the Management of such Committee, or the Person or Persons employed f/n^"u: by or acting under the Dirgdiott of the-:Person. or Persons so contracting Gontraftor as aforesaid, shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken or carried away for cleansing> ■any Duff, Dirt, Cinders, ox Afttes, from,any House, Building, Cellar,

[L»r. \J Per.J 7 G or him.

S?8

Penalty for the firli Offence, l\. and for every fub-sequent Offence, 5I,

Not td prevent Owners from carrying away their Ashes for their own

Use.

If Offender shall not be seized the Owner of the

Cart, &c.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

or other Place, in any Square, Street, Lane, Alley, Yard, Court, or Place, under the Management of the said Committee; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath, by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Summons, requiring such Offender or Offenders to appear before Mm, at such Time and Place as shall in such Summons be specified; and it shall and may also be lawful to and for any Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, if he or they shall think proper, to seize and detain, and for any other Pencil or Persons to aftift in seizing and detaining the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Authority or Warrant whatsoever, to convey him, her, or them before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, and upon the Party or Patties accused appearing in pursuance of such Summons, or not appearing after having been so summoned, or being brought before such Justice, he the said Justice shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Person or Persons so summoned or seized and conveyed before such Justice as aforesaid, shall be convicted of taking or carrying away, or of causing to be taken or carried away any Duff, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashcs, (except as aforesaid,) from :qiy IJoufe, Building, Cellar, or other Place, in any Square, Street, Lane, Alley, Yard, Court, or Place, under the Management of the said Committee as aforesaid, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his, her, or their own Confession or Confessions, then, and in every such Case, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds for the First Offence, and for the Second and every subsequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and One Moiety of all such Penalties shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend such Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Clerk of the said Committee, and applied for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; and in case such Penalty or Penalties shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Tittle not exceeding Thirty Days, nor less than Ten Days, to be computed from the Day of the Commitment, unless such Penalty or Penalties, and all Charges attending such Conviction, shall be sooner paid and farisfied.

VI. Provided nevertheless. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder the Person or Persons in whose IJoufe, Out-house, or Building, such Dull, Dirt, Cinders or Ashes was or were first accumulated, made, or burnt, from referring and carrying away the fame, for the Purpose of manuring and improving any Lands and Grounds belonging to or occupied by him, her, or them, but not for Sale.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Person or Persons who shall so unlawfully take and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, any Dufl, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, foal I not be seized

and

47° GEORGII III. Cap<3%. 579

and apprehended, then and In every such Case the Owner or Owners of ft all forfeit the Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, or Beast (if any) employed offcoce^los or used as aforesaid, for the Purpose of taking and carying away the fame, ancj evc’ry shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for the first subsequent Offence, and any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for the Second or any Offence, rl. subsequent Offence; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever to seize or cause to be seized any such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts drawing the fame, and to drive, remove, and take, or cause the same to be driven, removed, and taken to such Place, in or near the said Parishes, or either of them, as the Inspector or other Person acting by and under the Authority of the said Committee shall order and direct; and Notice of the taking of such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, and of the Place to which the same shall have been removed, shall be given by the Person or Persons seizing or removing the same to the Owner or Owners thereof, in case he, she, or they can be found, or left at his, her, or their lait or usual Place of Abode; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Inspector to detain or cause to be detained such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, Beast, or Beasts drawing the fame, until the Owner or Owners thereof, or other Person or Persons in his, her, or their Behalf, shall have paid such Penalty as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons so seizing or removing the fame, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Seizure and Removal, and of keeping such Horse or Horses or other Beast (if any); and in case such Penalty,

Colts, and Expences shall not be paid within Five Days after such Seizure and Removal, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, or their Inspector, to fell or cause to be sold such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts; and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting such Penalty, and the Cost and Expences of seizing, removing, keeping, add felling such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse or Horses, Beast •'

or Beasts, shall be paid on Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof; i- ' such Penalty, Costs, Charges, and Expences, to be ascertained and allowed by any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, For prevent* In any Square, Street. Lane, Passage, Court, or other publick Place, within the Limits of this Act, beat or dnft any Carpet or Carpets, 6r and Annoy-shall drive any Carriage or Carriages for the Purpose of breaking, exer- ances in the cifing, or trying Horses, or shall fide any Horse, fylare, or Gelding, for Streets, &c. the Purpose of exercising, airing, trying, shewing, or exposing such Horse, Mare, or Gelding for Sale (otherwise than by passing through such Squares, Streets, or other Places); or shall throw, call, or lay, or cause, permit, or fuller to be thrown, cast, laid, or remain, any Allies, Dust,

Dirt, Rubbish, Offal, Dung, Soil, Blood, or other Filth or Annoyance, in or upon the Carriage Way or Footway Pavement of any such Square,

Street, Lane, Passage, Court, or other publick Place within the Limits of this Act; or shall kill, daughter, feald, dress, or cut up any Beast,

Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, in or so near to any of the said Squares, Street-, Lanes, Passages, Courts or other publick Places, as any Blood or Filth shall run upon or over any or either of such P.vements; or shall run, roll, drive, draw or place, or cause, permit, or suffer to be run, rolled, driven, drawn, or placed upon any of the said Footway Pavements, within the Limits aforesaid, any Coach

Waggon,

53o

47° GEORGII III. Cap.^%.

Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, or any Wheel, Wheelbarrow, Ilandbarrow, or Truck, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beall, upon any of the Footway Pavements aforesaid; that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath determined by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to itfue a Summons, requiring such Offender or Offenders to appear before him, at such Time and Place as shall be in such Summons specified; or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, if he or they shall think proper, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing such Offender or Offenders, by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Authority or Warrant whatsoever, to convey such Offender or Offenders before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and upon the Party or Parties appearing in puiffuance of such Summons, or not appearing after having been so fuminoned, or being brought before such Justice, he the said Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences luff aforesaid, upon his or their own Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witness.s as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so convicted shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for the First Offence, and any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each and every subsequent Offence; and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend such Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Clerk of the said Committee, and be applied for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

ting Anno". DC And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall set ances in the or place any Stall, Board, Balket, Wares, Merchandize, Calks, or Streets where Goods of any Kind whatsoever; or shall hoop, wash, or cleanse any Pipe, Notice for

rtf VaITpI in nr nnnn onv nf flip Povri»irr*> nr* Ti'nrst WTrrrrb

or cause or procure, permit or iutter to be let out, said, placed, driven, or carried, any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck, or other Carriage, upon any of the said Carriage or Foot Ways (except such Coaches and Chairs as have been or shall be hereafter licenicd by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and which stand for Hire according to the Statutes and Bye Laws made for those Purposes, and also except for the necessary Time of loading or unloading any Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck, or other Carriage, or taking up or setting down any Fare, or watting for Passengers when actually hired, or harnefiing or unliarneffing the Horses from any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray,- Sledge, Truck, or other Carriage, and also except for such Time as shall be reasonable-or 'needfary for washing Carriages where Carriages have heretofore been usually vvashed upon the Pavement) \ or shall set or place, or cause to be set or placed, in or upon any of the said Carriage.or Foot Ways, any Timber. Stones, Bricks, Lime, or other Materials or Tilings whatsoever (unless the same shall be inclosed, as in and by the said recited. Acts or some oi them is o’-are directed), and shall not immediately remove the fame, being there-

-l!f

unto

47° GEORGII lit. Cap. 2%.

unto required Ly the Infp’efior or Irdpeflors who for the Tima being shall be employed by the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, for that Purpose, or by any inhabitant Householder of the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fidels and Saint George Bhomsbury, or either of them, and continue and keep the fame i'o unremoved; or if any Person or Persons having in pursuance of any such Reqtiilltion or Requisitions as aforesaid removed any such Stall, Board, Basket, Wares, Merchandise, Casks, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck, Carriage, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime or other Materials or Things, shall at any Time thereafter again let, lay, place, or drive, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be again set, laid, placed, or driven, the fame Or any of them, or any other Stall, Board, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, or other Materials or Things whatsoever, save and except as aforesaid, in or upon any of the Carriage or Foot Ways within the Limits of this Act; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required upon Complaint to him made by any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, to issue a Summons requiring the Person or Persons accused of Inch Offence to appear before him at such Time and Place as shall be in such Summons specified, and then and there to proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness cr Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Person or Per-i'ons so accused shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences last aforesaid, upon his, her, or their own Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness cr Witnesses as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted, shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Second and every lufcsequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and One Moiety of such respective Penalties shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Clerk of the said Committee, and be applied for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed by the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, for that Purpose, to seize any such Stall, Beard, Basket, Wares, Merchandise, Casks, Goods, Coach, Carr, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck, or other Carriage, together with the Idorfe or Horses, if any shall be thereunto belonging, with the Harness, Gear, and Accoutrements thereof or any such Timber cr ether Materials or Things aforesaid, and cauie the same to be removed to such Place or Places as he or they shall judge convenient and proper, giving Notice to the Owner, Driver, or other Person having any interest in the Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck, or other Carriage, Horses, Materials, or Things so removed, if he, she, or they can be found, or leaving the fame ?.t his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, of the Place or Places whereunto the same shall be so removed; and the same shall be there kept and detained until such Owner, Driver, or other Person interested therein as aforesaid, shall cause to be paid the said Penalty, together with the Charges of taking or removing tha fame, and of keeping inch ITorfe or Horses, if any; and in case the Goods. Carriage, Horses, Materials, or ether Things so removed, shall not be- claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within Five Days next after such Removal thereof, then V [LcZiWPer.) 7 H end

Penalty «i Persons talcing up Pavements without Permis-fsiwi, 40!.

Committee may cause Houses to be numbered.

Persons wilfully obliterating the Numbers to forfeit ics.

When Numbers shall be defaced or obliterated, the Owners or Occupiers to replace the fame upon Notice;

or forfeit I os.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. $8.

an J in every fuel) Caff it shall and may be lawful, to1 and fur the said Committee-men, or any Three or more of them, or the Person so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to order the same to be sppraiicd and

* fold and the Overplus of the Money arising'by such Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof on Demand, after deducting the said Penalty, and the said Colts, Charges, and Expences attending such ietzing, removing, keeping, appraising, and felling the fame; such Penalty, Cedis, Charges, and Expences, to he efeertained and allowed by any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or break up any Pavement within the Limits aforesaid under any Pretence whatsoever, without the Conl’ent of the said Committee-men, or any Three or more of them (except only in case of Fire or Alarms of Fire, or except for the Purpose of erecting a Floard or Hoards by Licence

from the said Commissioners, a Copy of which Licence shall nevertheless be left with the luspector to the said Committee before such Pavement

• shall be so tal n up), then and in every such Case he, she, or they so .^offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum

not exceeding Forty Shillings, and shall also, for each and every square Yard of such Pavement exceeding One Yard so taken or broke up, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shi lings.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, cr any Three or more, of them, to order and direct the Number or Numbers upon rmv Hesufe or Houses, Shop or Shops, Warehouse or Warehouses, within the Limits of this Act, to be obliterated, and to order and direct on cry such liquid. Shop, or Warehouse, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, injure, obliterate, or derace any such lait mentioned Number or Numbers, or any Part or Parts thereof, or cause or procure the lame to be dc£e, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit, and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XII. And be it further er.acted. That when any Number or Numbers, painted or to be painted, or put on any House, Shop, or Warehouse, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be defaced, obliterated, or rubbed out, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the House, Shop, or Warehouse, where the Number or Numbers shall have been so defaced, obliterated, or rubbed out, shall, upon personal Notice given to him, her, or them, or upon Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their lull ot moil usual Flacc of Abode by the Clerk to the said Committee, or by such other Person or Persons as the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint, cause the fame Number or Numbers to be in the lame or the like Manner painted or put on such House, Shop, or Warehouse, within Five Days after such Notice; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Notice, every such Owner cr Occupier to or for whom such Notice shall have been so given or left, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XIII. Ar$

•si!

)’ lie such 'Pc-id ty

sib!!

»ay

S8,ir

-•asc;

ham

Jwiot

4nfa

FT b®

r is® [t Ml

ltd IE tier d ■rSisp, Veiled, , to fcc proper niifuJly dr or imi to if thail

i Ta

site

should si out, top, or cuced, n, ber,

OtE®

ly 44 norec! in k,

■'it fpor

i

14

47° GEORGII ILL Caf.tf. 583

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House Persons to and Tenement within the limits of this Act, Stall; once irr every ©fey, h.-«p the before the Hour of T en of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape jofae’theh^ ■sweep, and cleanse, or cause lo be ferapad, iwept, and rhanled, die foot* Houses once way all along and opposite to the whole front and Hank Wall (if any) every Day; of his, her, or their reflective Houses or Tenements j or in Deinult thereof •'every such Occupier shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five or forfeit vs, Shillings; and it any such House or Building limit be Jet fiitniffied or in separate Tenements to inmates, then and in every fuel! C-d'e, the Person or Persons so letting the fame, shall for the Purpose aforesaid be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts, Regulation* or any or either of them, or in this Act contained, shall extend or be con- b>ive t» {trued to extend to enable the said Conunissioners or the said Committee, or ^-*lcanu-•,• any Three or more of them, to take down or remove, or cause to be

taken down or removed, in any Square, Street, or Place whatsoever, within the Limits of this Act, any Balcony, Gallery or Awning, hereafter to be built or made of Stone and Iron or other Metal only, or of Iron or any other Met d only, and affixed and attached or to be fixed and attached to the I1 it {I Story or Floor of any House or other Building, provided that Inch Balconies, Galleries, or Awnings, do not project into any such Square Street, or Place, being Forty Feet wide or more, above Three Feet, nor in a; y Square, Street, qi: other Place, being less than Forty Feet wide, above Two Feet from the upright Line of such House or other Building in any such Square, Street, or Place respectively.

XV. Provided always, That no such Balcony, Gallery, or Awning,

shall be built with, or added or attached to any House or Building having n Bow Window, or other projecting Shop Front, on the Ground Fitter or Story thereof, in any Street or Place within the Limits of th's Act, so

as to extend beyond the upright Line of the Front of such IToufe or y

Building further than such Window or projecting Front, or the Cornice thereof, may according to the Laws now ip force legally extend.

XVI. Provided also. That no such Balcony, Gallery, or Awning, shall be conllructed or used for the Purpose of exhibiting or 'exposing for Sale or otherwiib. any Linen Drapery or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever; and in case any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, build with, or add, attach, or affix, or cause to be built with or added, attached, or affixed to any House er other Building, in any furh Street or Place, any Balcony, Gallery, or Awning, or shall use, or cause to be used, any Balcony, Gallery, or Awning, contrary to the Directions and Provisions in this Act contained; or shall add or affix to, or append from the Front of any such House Or other Building, any Sun-shade, Blind, or other Matter or Thing Whatsoever, or continue any such Shade, Blind, or other Matter or Thing, so as the same shall extend, project, or continue to extend or project, over any of the Hid Footways or any Part thereof* whether such Shade, Blind, or other Matter or Thing, shall be affixed to the said Hettfe at' other-Building or not; or shall exhibit or expose for Sale or otheftvife any Linen Drapery or other Goods, Ware*, or Merchandise, on the Outside or over the Area of his, her, or 4 . their

PersonsercA.

Tc. not by

this Act all, Wad.

Or exposing Goods to Sale on the Outside of their House, to forfeit jl.

SH 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Dwelling House, Shop, or other Building, in any such Square, Street, or Place, then, and in every Inch Cafe, every such Person so offending,

I null ior every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Five

Pounds, to be recovered, paid, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned.

On being

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, on

hsffngercfted ^er’ or ^eir being convicted of having built with, or added, affixed

an illegal " or attached to, or caused to have been built with, or added, affixed, or Balcony, &c. attached to any House or Building within the Limits of this Act. any and not re- Balcony, Gallery, or Awning, contrary to the Provisions and Directions wdhin^lVcT herein mentioned, shall not take down and remove, or cause to be taken Months, to down or removed, such Balcony, Gallery, or Awning, within the Space forfeitnotex- of Two Calendar Months next after such his, her, or their Conviction, then, cceding and in every fUcli Cafe, such Person and Persons so offending shall for

Fram Thne every Calendar Month (such Time to be computed from the Day of his, of the Con- her, or their Conviction) that such Balcony, Gallery, or Awning shall

vktion. remain, and not be taken down and removed, forfeit and pay any urn

not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered, paid, and applied, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

Power for

watering

Streets.

For erecting Pumps.

Tor making Rates for defraying Expellees of watering Streets.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, to cause all or any of the Squares, Streets, and Lancs, within the Limits of this Act to be watered; and also to cause any Well or Wells to be dug or sunk, and any Pump or Pumps to be made and erefttd in such Places (not being a Vault, Cellar, or other Building, under any of the Squares, Streets, or Places, aforesaid), and also to cause any Pump or Pumps now Handing, or which shall hereafter be erected, for the Purposes of watering the fame, from Time to Time to be removed, altered, or repaired, and the Charges and Expences thereof to be cenified to the said Commissioners; and the same shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised and produced by the Rates or Assessments next herein-after authorized to be made for that Purpose.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Seven or more of them, at their Meets ing, to be holden at the Vdlry Room of the said Parish Church of Saint Giles in the Fields, upon the Second Tuesday in the Month of June in each and every Year, to make such further and additional Rates or Assessments upon all and every the Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, possess, occupy, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament whatsoever, within any such Square, Street, or Lane, which shall be watered by virtue of this Act, as may in the Opinion of the Committee-men present at such Meeting be sufficient for defraying the Charges and Expences of sinking such Wells, and erecting and repairing such Pumps, and watering such Squares, Streets, and Lanes respectively, and all other Charges and Expences relating or incident thereto; so that in any one Year such further additional Rate or Assessment shall not exceed the Sum of Two-pence in the Pound upon or according to the Rack Rent, or full annual Value of such Hereditaments and Pretnifts.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

XX. And be it farther enacted, That every such Rate or Assessment by this Act authorized to be made shall be for one Year, and shall commence and take place from the Twenty-fifth Day of March immediately preceding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Rate and Rates, Rates to he Assessment or Assessments, to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be P'd to paid by the Person and Persons liable to the Payment thereof, to the pav°,'j Ra|es! Collector or Collectors appointed, or from Time to Time to be appointed,

to gather and collect the Rates or Assessments for defraying the Expences of paving, repairing, cleansing, and lightng the Squares, Streets, l.ai)es, and other Places within the said Parities of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, including the said Street and Place called Holborn and Middle Row.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all such further or additional Rates to be Rates and Assessments, so to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be made, j"^e^and c°l-collected, received, recovered, and levied of and from such Person or thehkePow-Persons, and shall be accounted for and paid over to such Person and Per- ers, &c.as fons in such and the like Form and Manner, with such Powers of Dif- the paving tress, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are R,tes" mentioned and appointed in and by the said recited Acts of the Eleventh

and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making, collecting receiving, recovering, levying, accounting for and paying over the several Rates and Assessments made and to be made for defraying the Expences of paving and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Rates not to herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize of made-ad empower the said Committee, or any Seven or more of them, to rate or Inhabitant* assess the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any Houses, Buildings, or other rateable Property, within any Square, Street, or Lane, within the Limits Three

of this Act, with any such further or additional Rate or Assessment for F°urt,ls

sinking such Wells, or making, erecting, or repairing such Pumps, and ruc!l

watering such Square, Street, or Lane, unless a Majority of the Inha- the Vameto

bitants or Occupiers of such Houses, Buildings, or Property (such Ma- be watered.

jority not being less than Three Fourths of such Inhabitants or Occupiers

within such Square, Street, or Lane), shall have signified and expressed

their Wish and Consent in Writing for the same to be watered, and shall have signed their Names to such Writing, and delivered, or caused the same to be delivered to the said Committee or their Clerk for the Time

being. '

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Committee and for the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, from Time with to Time, if they shall think proper, with the Consent of the said Com- Commission missioners, to advertise for and receive Proposal's, and nuke any Contract ers^dvenife or Contrafts, subject to the Coptroul attd'Cdnfirmation of the said Com- for Propofols, missioners, either for sinking such Wells' making and erecting such Pumps and contraa-or watering such Squares; Streets, LancS,"or for each and every such

Works, Matters, and Things j and evefy such Contract shall specify [Lot. & Firf] " v * 7 T r th'

5^5

AsselTmen1 to be for a Year.

586

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

the several Works to be done and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Forfeitures or Penalties to be borne or suffered for the Non-performance thereof; and all and every such Contract and Contrafts shall be made at or within such Time and Times, with such Notice and Permission, and under, subject, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are contained in the said recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and relate to the making such Contracts under and by virtue of that Act.

Produce of

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money to Rates to be be raised by the Rates and Assessments to be made under the Authority, lfa'!k to'the' or virtue and in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of (inking Credit of the Wells, making and erecting Pumps, watering the Squares, Streets, and Commission- I.anes, and other the Purposes last above mentioned, shall be deposited ers > in the Bank of England, and placed to the Credit of the said Commission-

and to the "e- ers> and to the general Account of the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the neralAccount Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury; and shall be issued and applied by of the Pa- t}le said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for the Pur-nftes- poses last aforesaid.

to'ir^'rtT" d ^XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Payments, by the Com- Allowances, Charges, and Expences, to be made or given for any mittee. Thing to be done for the said Committee, under or by virtue of this Act, shall first be certified to the said Commissioners by the said Committee by Writing, under the Hands of any Three or more of them, and delivered to the said Commissioners or their Clerk with the several Bills and Particulars relating thereunto; and thereupon the said Commissioners, not having any just or reasonable Cause to the contrary, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of any such Certificate, to make an Order for the Payment of the Sum and Sums of Money to be specified in such Certificate, and the fame shall be paid accordingly; and the Clerk to the said Committee for the Time being shall, and he is hereby required to keep an Account of all Sum and Sums of Money so to be raised, deposited, certified, and expended for the Purposes last aforesaid, separate and distinct from all other Accounts of Monies raised or to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them.

Penalty on

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons male- dig or make any Hole, or leave or cause to be left any Hole before any &cVand vacant Ground, or before any House or Tenement built or in building, notinclofin ' *n any Square, Street or Place, formed or to be formed, or forming, fame. £’ within the Limits of this Act, for the Purposes of making any Vault or Vaults, or any other Purpose whatsoever, and shall not forthwith inclose the fame in a good and sufficient Manner to the Satisfaction of the Inspector for the Time being to the said Committee, or shall keep up such Inclosure longer than in the Opinion of the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, shall be absolutely necessary, or shall not, when thereunto required by such Inspector, well and sufficiently fence or inclose, to the 5atisfaction of such Inspector, the Area or Areas, or Space opened or left open and intended for an Area or Areas, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, in the Front or Flank of such vacant Ground, House, or Tenement, and adjoining to any such Square, Street, or Place, then and

4;0 GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

in every or any such Case he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and also any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for the First Week, and any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every subsequent Week that such Nuii'ance shall be continued; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be raised, levied, recovered, and applied in Manner herein-after directed.

XXVIII. And whereas the Entrances or Doorways made in or near the Foot Pavements, for the Purpose of Persons descending to and ascending from thp Cellar or Basement Story of sundry Houses and Buildings within the Limits of this Act, and the Holes and Funnels made in such Pavement for the Purpose of putting down Coals of other Things into the Vaults beneath, or the Basement Story of such Houses or Tenements, are often left open and insecure, by reason whereof the Lives and Limbs of His Majesty's Subjects are greatly endangered; be it therefore further enacted, That if the Occupier or Occupiers of any such House or Building, having such Door-way or Entrance into the Basement Story thereof, shall not, when thereunto required by the Inspector or Inspectors to the said Committee for the Time being, forthwith either safely and securely guard and constantly keep the fame guarded by a Rail or Rails, or cover the fame over with a strong Flap or Trap-door, to the Satisfaction of such Inspector or Inspectors, and so as to prevent Danger to Persons passing and repalling; or if any such Occupier or Occupiers do or shall leave open, or not sufficiently and substantially covered, or permit or fuller to be left open or not sufficiently and substantially covered, to the Satisfaction of such Inspector as aforesaid, any such Hole or Funnel, save and except during such Time as any Coals, Wood, Calks, or other Things shall be putting down or taking out of any such Vault or Basement Story, or during such Time as the Flap or Covering thereof shall be altering, repairing, or amending, or shall not repair, and from Time to Time keep in good and substantial Repair, to the Satisfaction of the said Inspector as aforesaid, all and every or any such Guard Rails, Flaps, Trap-doors, and other Coverings, then and in every such Case he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall, for every or any such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and that in any or either of such Cases of Neglect or Refusal it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, or their Inspector or Inspectors for the Time being, to cause all and every such Doorways, Entrances, Holes, and Funnels, to be well and securely covered over or guarded, and all such Flaps, Trapdoors, and Coverings to be well and substantially repaired or renewed; and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the same shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and shall and may be recovered and levied upon his. her, or their Goods and Chattels, in like Manner and under the like Powers and Authorities as any Rate or Rates, AssefTment or Assessments, made or to be made by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, can or may be levied and recovered.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, to view and insped any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mews, Alleys, Passages, or Places within the Limits of this Act, which now is or are or

hereafter

587

Powers for guarding or covering Entrances to Cellars, Coal Holes, dec.

Occupiers not guardingfame &c. to forfeit not exceeding IGS.

Committee to view, and giveN it ice to Owners to level and prepare the

S88

Ground, and lay the Footpath within Three Months.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

hereafter may be built or in building, and if upon such View they shall be of Opinion that the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, is or are fit and proper to be paved, the said Committee, at any of their Meetings, after such View, shall and mat' direct their Inspector, or other Person to be by them for that Purpose appointed, to give Notice to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors Lessee or Lessees of the Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in any such Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage, or Place, or leave such Notice at his, her, or their usual or last Place or Places of abode, or with his, her, or their known Servant or Servants; or if no such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, can be found, then such Notice shall be stuck against the said Premises, or any Part thereof, by which Notice such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, shall be required to cause the Ground of the intended Foot Way and Carriage Way, opposite to the Fronts and Flank Walls of his, her, or their respective Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be raised or lowered, levelled, and well and sufficiently rammed down, formed and made ready for paving, and the Kirb and Foot-path thereof to be laid with good Yorkshire or Purbeck Paving, under the Direction and to the Satisfaction of the said Committee, or any Three or more of them or their Inspector for the Time being, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date of such Notice; and also to meet such Committee, or any Three or more of them, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, not being less than Ten Days from the Date of such Notice, to compound for the Paving of the Carriage Way of such Square, Street, Lane, Court Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage or Place, at any Sum not exceeding One Moiety of the Expence of such Carriage Way Paving; which Composition the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorised to make; and if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, shall not attend, or shall not cause such Ground to be raised or lowered, levelled, prepared, and well and sufficiently rammed down and formed, and such Kirb and Foot-way Paving laid to the Satisfaction, in the Manner, and within the Time aforesaid; or shall not compound or agree with the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, as aforesaid; or, having compounded, shall not pay the Sum so compounded or agreed for unto the Collector authorized to receive the same, within Ten Days next after Demand thereof shall be made in Writing, by the Clerk to the said Committee; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, to order the same to be paved as soon as conveniently may be, and all the Charges and Expences attending the preparing such Ground, and of such Paving, shall be paid by the then respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of such Premises, and shall be recovered and levied upon the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, or upon the said Premises, in such and the like Manner as any Rate or Rates, Assessment or AlTefiments, for defraying the Expellees of pqvftig, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the Limits of this Act, may by the said recited Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be recovered and levied.

6

4/* GEORGII III. Cap. i'S. 589

XXX. Provided atways, and he it, enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exonerate or discharge "j

any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lefleen, newPaving or his or their Undertenant or Undertenants, from his, her, or their Rate. Liability to the Payment of any Rate or Assessment made or to be made under or by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or to empower the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, to charge any One Owner, Proprietor, or Lessee of any vacant Ground, with more than Two Hundred Yards of Carriage Wav Paving, on Account of any such Vacant Ground, in any One Square, Street, or Lane, until some Erection or Building shall be erected and built, or shall be in building thereon.

XXXI. Provided also and be it further enacted, That the Composition or e0mpOf;t;on Sum so to be agreed or compounded for and received as aforesaid, within to be carried each of the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the fields and Saint George to the tepa-Bloomsbury, shall be deposited in the Bank of England, and placed to the

separate and diHindi Account of the Parish wherein, or for the Paving where the whereof, the same shall become due and payable, and shall by the seperate fame shall be-and respective Committee of each of the said Parishes, at Meetings to be comepay-holden by them at their respective Veltry Rooms, be separately, distindtly able-and without the Interposition of each other, laid out and applied within the said respective Parishes, to and for the Purposes for which the fame was received according to the Powers and Directions for new Paving, contained in the said recited Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act.

XXXII. />nd whereas there are within the Limits of this Act certain power f0I Courts, Adeys, and Places, which, without Inconvenience to the Publick flopping up might be discontinued and Hopped up, and which, from their private and unnecessary confined Situation, and by being Harbours or Receptacles for Filth and Cwuns> Rubbish, are noisome and offensive to the Publick be it therefore tnadted

That if upon the View of any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of t ie Peace for the County of Middlesex, it shall appear that any such C ourt o Courts, Alley or Alleys, Place or Places, is or are become unnecessary an 1 may without Inconvenience to the Publics or to the Proprietors of Houses or Tenements adjoining thereto, be discontinued and flopped up; then and in such Case it shall and may be lav.f'ul to a d for such Justices, at some speciri Session, to be holden for ihat Purpose, by and with the Confeut of the Joint Vestry of the Lid Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Geor.c Bloomsbury, testified by Writing under the Hand of the Clerk to such Vestry for the Time being, and of the Owner and Owners, and Occupier and Occupiers of the Houses, Land, or Tenements adjoining to Four Parts in Five in the Length of such Court or Courts, Alley or Alleys, or Place or Places, testified by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, by Order, mWer the Hands and Seals of such Justices to discontinue and flop up such Court or Courts, Alley or Alleys, or Place or Places, and all such Courts, Alleys, and Places, or such Proportion thereof as may adjoin to the Houses’ or Tenements of such Persons who shall havefo consented, Lai! be discontinued an.i flopped up accordingly subject to Appeal, as hereinafter is mentioned: Provided always, THac nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, so as to authorize the discontinuing or flopping up any Court, Aliev, cr Place lLoc.VPer.-] 7 K ’ ’ or

59

Errpmw’nj the Committee to on-tract for the Purchase of Building, &c,

r ower« for Bodies Politick, &c. to fell.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 3S.

o? any Part or Parts thereof, whereby or in consequence whereof any House, Tenement, or Lane shall be so inclosed, that the Owner or Owners Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or any other Person or Persons whom-soever shall be prevented from passing freely to and repaying freely front the Fame.

f LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said G mmittee, or any Five or more of them, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Spiritual or Lay, as shall be or be deemed to be

• the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or otherwise interested in any Court or Courts, Alley or Alleys, or Place or Places Popped up or discontinued, by virtue of this Act, or in any Building or Buildings, Erection or Erections, projecting into, over, or upon any of the Footways with'n the Limits of this Act, or of any Door or Doors, or of any Cellar or Cedars, or of any Steps belonging thereunto, or in any other Projection or Encroachment in, over, or upon any such Footway, or iii any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, shall judge necessary and proper to be purchased, for the Improveing and Widening of any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, for the absolute Purchase of all such Cou'ts, Alleys, Places, Buildings, Erections, Cellars Steps, Projections, Encroachments, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them; and the Monies to be paid for the Purchase thereof shall be certified by the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, to the said Commissioners, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall be by them the said Comm’flioners paid out of any Monies received for the Purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Parishes and Places within the limits of this Act, to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, corporate, or collegiate entitled, or shall be laid out and disposed of in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

to and for all Bodies Politic, corporate, or collegiate, and all Corporation', whether aggregate or folc, spiritual or lay, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, of or for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and cn behalf of themselves and their Successors, but also for and on behalf of their respectiveCeftuiqife Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right; and to and for all Persons, whether Tenants for Life, in Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives; and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be feiled, possessed of, or interested in any Court-, Alleys, Places, Lands, Houses, Erections, Projections, Ertcroachrtier.tr, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Commbt'es, or any Five or more of them are by this Act enabled to purchase, for any of the Purposes of (his Act, to treat, cor.tract, and agree with the said Committee, for the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any part thereof and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest whatsoever of," mj , and to the fame, to the said Committee, or any Five or mere

591

2

a! to sift

Sadia

F*

s

< "is

■K

(tjffe

hfei

Mk

t? tits si a 'kb;

t

Pfe

Bose i ff-ssttt

IwM

trpon-5ss a s,gF Irfer ■and llfef fraa frill

or fa

tisf is is

aw

r*f

'jeiii

AS,

5gje

47’ GEORG;iI III. Cap. 38.

of them, and their Successors, for any of the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyanees, which shall be so made, by virtue and in purfhance of this Act, shall without any Fine or Fines, Recovery-or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Aifurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Eitaro and Interest of the Person or Persons conveying, hut also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of the said several and respectivt celtuiqueTrufts, and all claiming or to claim by, from or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or "Filing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, corporate, or collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, spiritual or lay, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons whomever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for v.hat they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Corporation, w hether Aggregate or foie, spiritual or lay, or any Feme Covert, or any Terant for Life, or Tenant in Tail general cr special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Ow: er or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of, or other Person or Persons whosoever, interested in any Court, Alley, or Place to be flopped Up or discontinued by virtue of this Act, or in any Building or Buildings, Erection or Erections, projecting into or upon any of the Footways \v thin the Limits of this Act, or of any Door or Doors of Cellars, of of any Su p-, belonging thereto, or in any other Projection or Encroachment upon any such Footway whatsoever, or in any Lands, Houses, or other Buildings, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which the said Corn-, mittee, or any Five or more of them, are enabled by this Act to purchase or treat for, shall refute to treat, contract or agree as aforesaid, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, con-tr-sting, or agreeing, or shall decline or refuse to fell, convey, and dispose of the Premises whereof, or wherein, or whereunto they ref-pcCtively shall be io leifed, possessed, interested, or entitled as aforesaid, or their respective Rights, Titles, Claims, or Interests in, to, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, unto the said Committee, or any Five or more of. them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall nominate for the Purposes and according to the Tenure] true latent and Meaning of this Act; or ilia 11 not or cannot produce or make out a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commttee, cr any Five or more of them; or if any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching such Purchase Or Purchasesthen and in every such Case the said Committee, or any Five-or more of them, are hereby empowered and authorized, before any General or Quarter Seffiens of the Peace to be holden for the said Coiauy of Middhfepc, or any Adjournment thereof, to give, or cause to be given, to such Owner or Owners, or the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to-leave, or cause,to be left, at the House of the Tenant in Possession Ten Days cJmfce, in Writing, denoting and particularly describing the Lands, Buildings. Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments intended to he purchilfbd, and purporting that the Value thereof shall be adjusted and killed by" a Jury, ay the said Seffons or Adjournment thereof, and

Provisions in Cafes of Refusal or Inability to fell.

59 2

Provision tL?.t

Verdict shall r.ot be binding u niffs Money paid within Six Calendar Months.

Provision for Payment of Cods of Verdicts.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

the Justices, at the said Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, upon Proof to them made of such Notice having been so given or left, are hereby au-' horized and required to charge the Grand Jury at such Session assembed, or the Jury to try Prii'oners at such Sessions, well and truly upon their Oaths to assess the Value of the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tene*. inents, or other Hereditaments, comprised in the Notice so given, and the Damages and Recompense to be awarded or given for the same to the respective Owner or Owners, thereof, and other Persons, according to their respective Interest therein, and to which said Jury the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, and all Persons interested in the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the Jury, being so sworn and charged as aforesaid, and after proper Ev’dence, on Oath to them given, concerning the Nature, Quality, or Value of the Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or other Hereditaments so to be sold and conveyed as aforesaid, shall, by their Verdict, assess the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame, to the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, according to their respective Interests therein; and such Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgement of the said Justices upon the lame, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon the said Committee, and upon all and every Person and Persons interested in the said Lands, Buildings, IJcufes, Tenements, and ether Hereditaments; and such Verdict, and the Judgement of the Justices thereupon, shall be fairly entered and kept among the Records of the Sessions for the said County; and the fame, or me Copies thereof, shall be taken to be good and sufficient Evidence and P’ oof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have recourse to the fame, and take Copies thereof, paving Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XXXVI. Provided always, That in case the Sum or Sums so assessed by the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged to be paid by the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, for their respective Interest in the said Premises, shall not be paid, tendered, left, or deposited, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within Six Calendar Months after the same shall have been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged, then and in such Case the Verdict of the said Jury shall not be binding upon the said Parties; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Verdict shall have been given for a greater Sum or Rea mpence, than shall have been previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, for any such Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or other Hereditaments or Damages as aforesaid, all the Expences of taking such Inquest, and of the Witnesses attending thereon, and recording or entering the Verdict or Judgement thereupon, shall be certified by the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, to the said Commissioners, and shall be by the said Commissioners paid out of the Monies toarife from the Rates and Assessments for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Parities and Places within the Limits of this Act; but if a Verdict shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Committee, or

3 "y

593

4.7* GGEORGII III. Cty.38.

'any Three or more of them, then and in every such Case such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Premises in question; provided that whenever, by reason of Absence, any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating with the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, the whole of such Costs and Expences shall be certified by the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, to, and shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of such Monies as aforesaid; and whenever any Cods or Charges shall or may be payable to the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, such Costs and Charges shall and may be deducted out of the Sum to be paid to the said Owners or Persons respectively interested; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies, or disposing of the fame in Manner by this Act directed shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment, Tender, or Disposal of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate,or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee fit Truss, Executors, Admini-rtr-tors, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatick, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Truss, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Committee for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and ■with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-tax, ordischargeofany Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like FJfes, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,’ which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (lood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank [Lor. & Per.] 7 L Annuities;

Application of Compensation if amounting to 200I.

594

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

of Compen-

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so fation ifiefs agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments than tool.and purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid and belonging to any exceeding Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Acccountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Committee (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends atifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Nation Hdets" f° agree^ or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than zol. than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case.the Person or Persons to making out whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase Titles: of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of

cannot'tie0"' Act, shall refuse to accept the fame or shall not be able to make a

found. Pur- good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Committee, rhnfe Money or any Three or mtire of them; or in case such Person or Persons to into the*111 wh°in such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot '1C be founder if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements,

or

47° GGEORGII III. Cap. 38.

or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded a s aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, \_defcnbing them] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion, or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a fununary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, imless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Dil'ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in

the

595

TubjfCt to the Order of the Court of Chancery-on Motion or Petition

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession only, &c.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to

596

pc ptiid by the Committee.

47d GEORGII1 III. Cap.$ 8.

the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to agd for the said Cpurc of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases t . r. . froth-Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be :paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received from the Rates or Assessments for paving, cleaning, and lighting the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

On Payment XLIV, And be it further enacted, Thac upon Payment of the Money of Purchase so contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tene* M°ney ments, or Hereditaments, by the said Committee, or any Three or more tiw-saidcVfr" 'of'therh, to the Person or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpose of being disposed of in Manner hereinbefore directed, all the Estate Right, Title, interest, Use, Trull, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity of the Person or Persons respectively for whose Use the same shall be paid, in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Committee and their Successors for ever •for the Use and Purposes of this Act.

puttee.

Committee empowered to retell Land.

XLV. And whereas the said Committee may purchase Lands and Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, which may afterwards not prove necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act: be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Five or more of - thenr to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their 7 Hands and Sea's, to grant and convey by way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple for a consideration in Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, that may have been so purchased, as shall (in the Judgement of the said Committee or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) not be wanted for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Committee, to sign and give Receipts.for the Money for which the same shall be fold; which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be so fold, or fur so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowleged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Losses, Misapplication or Non application of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof.

Declaring the

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants and Conveyances

Words to be made by the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, under, Grant, Bar- or j-y virtue, and in pursuance of this Act, the words " Grant, Bargain, to'operate as* an<^ ^aie," mail amount to and be construed and adjudged in all Courts of

6 Judicature

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Judicature to be express Covenants to the Grantee or Purchaser, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the said Committee for themselves and their Successors, that they the said Committee, notwithstanding any Act dune by them, were at the Time of the Execution of such Grant or Conveyance, feiled of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereby granted, bargained, and fold, of an indefea-fible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances for quiet Enjoyment thereof, against the said Committee, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the Sale of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be applied and disposed of by the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, in Aid of the Rates and Assessments for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury.

XLVIII. And whereas the Produce of the Rates or Assessments made under and by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, hath in the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury been found insufficient for the Purposes therein mentioned, although the fame have been made at the highest Pound-rate authorised by the said Act: be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, of the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, for the Time being, from Time to Time to order, direct and make any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, for defraying the Charges and Expences of the nightly Watch and Beadles within such Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, and other incidental Charges and Expences relative thereto, as they shall think proper and expedient, so as no such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments shall in any one Year exceed the Sum of Eight-pence in the Pound of the yearly Value of the Houses, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, or other Buildings to be assessed and charged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or of this Act, any Matter, Clause, or Thing in such Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Vestrymen to make any such Rate or Assessment on any House, Tenement, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, or other Building, situate, lying, or being in so much of the said Street or Place called Holborn or Middle-row, in the County of Middlesex, as lies in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Rate and Rates, Assessment' and Assessments, made by virtue of this Act, for defraying the Charges and Expences of such nightly Watch and Beadles, shall be made collected, received, recovered, and levied of and from such Person and Persons by the Collectors appointed or to be appointed to collect and receive the same, and shall be accounted for and paid over to such Person and Persons in such and the like Form and Manner, with such Powers of Distress, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are mentioned and appointed in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for making, collecting, [_Loc. & Per.2 7 M receiving,

597

Covenants for the Title.

Monies received for Sale of Land to be applied in Aid of the Rates fen' Paving, &c.

Power to in-

crease the Watch Rate to 8d in the Pound.

Rates to be made and cot. lected under the Powers of 4G. 3. c. 90.

598

Watch Hou-fes, See. vested in the Vef-trymen.

Penalty on obihufting . the Execution of this Act.

For Recovery and Application of Pe. aalties.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

receiving, recovering, levying, accounting for, and paying over the Rates and Assessments therein respectively authorized to be made and directed; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Matters and Things contained in the said lad mentioned Alts relating to the Rates and Assessments thereby authorised to be made, shall be and continue in full Force, and be severally and respectively observed, practised, and put into Execution, for the malting, collecting, recovering, and levying the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Watch Boxes, Watch Houses, Coats, Arms, Accoutrements, Furniture, Materials, Matters, and Things purchased, provided for or made use of by the nightly Watch and Beadles of the said Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, or either of them, for the several Purposes mentioned in the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall belong to and be the Property of, and are hereby vested in the said Vestrymen; and the said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy the several Articles and Things hereby vested in them the said Vestrymen as aforesaid or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be and be deemed and taken to be sufficient to date generally, that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of " The Vestrymen of the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex," without particularly dating or specifying the Name or Names of any of the said Vestrymen; and the said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, all or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as they the said Vestrymen, or any Seven or more of them, shall think right and proper.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, hinder, or moled the said Committee, or their Inspector, or other Officer or Officers, or any Workman, or other Person employed in the Execution of this Act, then, and in every such Case, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this A Cl imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders 12 by

599

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the City, County, or Place where such Person shall be or reside; which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Sale, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered shall, if not herein directed to be otherwise applied, be paid to the Clerk to the said Committee, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; or in case it shall appear to such Justice, by the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), or on the Confession of the Offender or Offenders, that such Offender or Offenders hath or have not sufficient Goods and Chattels, within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, whereon the Penalty, Forfeiture, and Charges of levying the fame can be raised, or in case sufficient Distress shall not be found after such Warrant shall have been issued; or if such Penalty and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, r.nd he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such City, County, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons having been convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forleiture, or Imprisonment, for the fame Offence by the Authorities of any other Act or Acts; nor shall any Person or Persons, having been convicted of any Offence against any other Act or Acts now in force within the Limits of this Act, be subject or liable to any Fine, Forfeiture, or Imprisonment, for the fame Offence, by the Authority of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That where any such Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

LV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been

Offenders not to pay more than One Penalty for the fame Offence.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for, want of Form,

Plaintiff not to recover if Tender of sufficient Amends made.

6oo

47° GEORGII IIJ. Cap.$%.

been made to him, he-, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be brought, at any Time before lifue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Form of Con-

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Jufliee and Justices til ion. before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause such Conviction to be drawn in the Form or to the Effect following j videlicet,

* CE it remembered, That on the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

* P. Q. is convicted before

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace ‘ for the of having [hereJiate the

* Offence]; and I [or we] the said Justice or Justices] do adjudge him

* [her, or them]] to forfeit and pay the Sum of

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and

* Seals], the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Justices empowered to idminister Oaths.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and Justices of the Peace to administer an Oath to any Person, for his or their more certain Information in the Matter then depending; and if any Person or Persons shall, upon his, her, or their Examination on Oath, before any such Justice or Justices, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in Force and Effect, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

Appeal-

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment which shall be made or be demanded in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the said Committee, or the said Vestrymen, as the Case may be, at their First Meeting which shall be holden after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Time of demanding such Rate or Assessment; and the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, or the said Vestrymen, as the Case may be, at such respective Meetings, are hereby authorized and empowered, if they draft think such Person or Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises, as to them the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, or the said Vestrymenf as the Case may be, shall seem reasonable; and if any Person or Persons shaft be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, or of the said Vestrymen therein, as the Case may be; or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any other Order, Judgement, or Determination of the said

Committee

6oi

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Committee, or any Three or more of them, or the said Vestrymen, or by any Penalty imposed, or by any Conviction made, or by the (lopping up or discontinuing of any Court, Alley, or Place, or by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act Have and except in such Cases where any Order, Judgement, or Determination is herein directed to be final or conclusive, and save and except in such Cases for which any particular Method of Relief is herein appointed), such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County, City, or Place, in which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, within Four Calendar Months next after the causes of Complaint shall have arisen, or at any Adjournment of such Session, the Person or Persons appealing first giving, or causing to be given to the Person or Persons appealed against. Ten Days Notice, in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof; and forthwith, after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session or Adjournment thereof; and the Justices, at the said Session, or Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine every such Appeal, in a luminary Way, and award such Cods to the Party appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper, and shall and may, at their Difcrttion, discharge all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Parties appealing; and the Determination of the said Justices, in their said General Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Appeal from the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them to be made for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices, at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Middlesex, or any Adjournment thereof, shall and may amend the fame, in such Manner as may be necessary for giving Relief, without quafliing or altering such Rates or Assessments, with rel-pest to other Persons mentioned therein; but if, upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Assessment it shall be found necessary to set aside the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to order a new Rate or Assessment to be made, in Manner herein directed.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Rate, or Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceeding made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable, by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, or the said Vestrymen, to reward any Informer or Informers, as they shall think

[Lac. Ss* Per.] 7 N—0 proper.

Justices may amend Rates.

Proceedings nottobequalh-edfor Want of Form, or removed by Certiorari.

Committee

mayreward

Informers.

6o£ 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

proper, so as such Reward does not exceed One Half of the Penalty or Forfeiture proved by the Information of such Informer or Informers to have been incurred; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof

in anywise notwithstanding.

Provision for

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee and the and defending Vestrymen may sue and be sued in the Name of their respective Actions in ° Clerks for the Time being, and that all Actions or Suits that may be the Name of necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or die Clerk. Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, or for or in respect of any other Matter or Thing relating to this Act, may be brought in the Name of such Clerks respectively; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, by or against the said Committee or the said Vestrymen, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of such their respective Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Act or Default of such Clerk, done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Committee, or the said Vestrymen; but the Clerk to the said Committee, or the Clerk to the said Vestrymen for the Time being, shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit (as the Case may be), except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between tile said Committee or the said Vestrymen and their respective Clerks for the Time being, in which Action or Suit any one of the said Committee or of the said Vestrymen shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant as the Case may be: Provided always, That every such Clerk, Committee-man, or Vestryman, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, fiall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as such Clerk, Committee-man, or Vestryman, shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein; but no such Clerk Committee-man or Vestryman, shall be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the fame, or any Part of the fame, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced without the Order or Direction of the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, or the Vestrymen, as the Case may be.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Matters herein contained, after Six Calendar Months from the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the said County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may, at his or their F.lection, plead specially or the General Hl'ue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall have been brought before-the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in each and every of the said Cafes.the Jury shall find a Verdict foMhe Defendant or Defend-6 - ants

Limitation of Adiions.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 603

dants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Colts of this Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Charges inci- j^ct ^jw to dent to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the Monies arising within the Limits of this Act, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, from such Fund or Funds, and in such Proportions as the said Vestrymen shall think proper and expedient.

[Publick Act.]

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act {half be deemed and taken to be aPublick Ad, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 39.

An Act for Inclosing and Draining certain Lands in the Parish of Martbam in the County of Norfolk.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Martham, in the County of Norfolk, certain Open Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds:

And whereas Thomas Grove, Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Mar-lham, in the salt) County of Norfolk: And whereas the said Thomas Grove, the Dean of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Norwich-, of the Foundation of King Edward the Sixth, and the Chapter of the fame Church, the Vicar of the Vicarage of Martham, and Ea-ward Shapes Esquire, and divers other Persons, are the Own-ners of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Martham: And whereas an Act was Act 41 G. passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions " usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode " of proving the several Fafts usually required on the passing of such 1* Aits:" And whereas the said Marshes, Commonable Fen Lands, and the greater Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and in their present State and Condition, for want of a sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit to the Persons interested therein: And whereas it would be advantageous to the Persons interested "in the Premises, if the said Open Fields, Mar-Ihes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided an‘d Specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the feve-[Loc. ft? Per,"] 7 P ral

6io

Appointment of Commissionerj.

E left ion of New Commissioners.

Notices of Meetings.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

ral Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests-, and if the said Marshes, Commonable Fen Lands, and such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as are liable to be overflowed with Water, were drained; but as such Division, Allotment, and Drainage, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ‘Thomas Glover Ewen, of the City of Norwich, Esquire; George Cubitt, of Catfield, in the County of Norfolk, Esquire j and Robert Cory, the Younger, of Great Yarmouth, in the said County, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed General Commissioners for dividing and allotting the said Open Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein contained; and also subject to the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act (except where the same are hereby varied or altered); and that all Acts, Matters, and Things, authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said General Commissioners, or any other General Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be appointed as hereinafter-mentioned for the Purposes aforesaid, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by all the said General Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said General Commissioners shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in him or them before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said General Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining or surviving General Commissioner or Commissioners, and he and they is and are hereby required, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time, within Thirty Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of any such General Commissioner shall be known to him or them, to appoint another Person (not interested in the Premises) to be a General Commissioner in the Room of every such General Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act j and every General Commissioner, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Act into Execution, as if he had been originally nominated a General Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause Notice of the Time and Place of their first and every other Meeting, for the Execution of this Act; to be inferred in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper, printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead before every such Meeting, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted ;) and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said General Commissioners, not more than one of the said General Commissioners shall attend, the Commissioner so attending, may adjourn such Meeting, to such Time and Place, within

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 611

in Eight Miles of the said Parish of Martham, as he shall think most convenient, and shall cause Notice of such Adjournment to be given to the absent Commissioners.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices re- Other No-quisite or necessary to be given by the said General Commissioners, rices how to shall be so given by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle or be81Ven• Norwich Mercury, or in Come other Newspaper, printed and circulated

in the said County of Norfolk,

V. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at Respecting any Time within Thirty Years, now last pad, have been made upon Encroach* the said Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons and '"'"t1' Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted shall be deemed Part thereof, and divided and allotted accordingly, and that no Person in Possession of any Lands, Commons or Waste Grounds, which have been inclosed within the Time aforesaid, shall be entitled to any Allotment in respect thereof, under or by virtue of this Act; and in case any Dispute shall arise, touching any Encroachments or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said General Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Cottages or other Buildings shall have been erected upon any Part of the said Marshes,

Doles, Commonable Ken Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, or upon any Encroachments which shall have been made thereon, within Thirty Years, nowlaft past, then the said General Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, in case they shall think fit, to make Sale and difpufe of such Encroachments, whereon such Cottages or other Buildings shall stand, or such other Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in lieu thereof, as they the said General Commissioners shall think more proper and convenient, (not exceeding the Quantity of such Encroachments respectively,) to the Owners of such Cottages or other Buildings, or any of them respectively, at such Price or Prices as they the said General Commissioners shall deem fair and reasonablej and in and by their Award, to set out and alloc the same to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs accordingly; and the Monies arising from such Sale or Sales, shall be applied in and towards the Payment of the Expences attending the passing and executing this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in order to shorten the Boun- Forfhorten-dary Fences between the said Parish of Martham and the adjoining ingtheBoun-Parishes, it shall and may be lawful to, and for the said General Com- dary Fences, missioners, (with the Conlenc in Writing, under the Hands of the

Lords or Ladies of the Manors, and the Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the said Parish of Mariham, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Lands, upon which such Fence or Fences are intended to be made,) to set out, ascertain and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the l ands in the said Parish of Martham and the Landi lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, in such Manner as they shall judge proper, for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary Fences shall be fee out, ascertained

and

Power to fell Encroachments whereon Houses are ereflrd, to the Owners thereof.

6l2

Commissioners to settle Disputes.

Commi'(Hollers not to determine Title

Power to

i (Tel's Cods.

Allowing the Parties to try Rights by an Hue at Law.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as the said General Commissioners shall order and direct in and by their Award, and shall be for ever thereafter deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of Martbam and such adjoining Parish or Parishes, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference Hull arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the Right of the Soil of the said Commonable Fen Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear and determine the same.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to authorize and empower the said General Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That, in case the said General Commissioners, upon the hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, shall fee Cause to av/ard any Colts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purp- fe, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Paity or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said General Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objcdlion or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and, in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person whatsover, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglectittg or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Luitrels and Sale,

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, in case any Person or Persons interested, or claiming to be interested, in the said Division and Allotment, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said General Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commonable ten Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or other

Rights

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 613

Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Open Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds herein dir reeled to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, and shall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, signify such Diffarisfaction to the said General Commissioners, within Thirty Days next after their Determination shall be made and declared, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons lo duTatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said General Commissioners, at the then next, or the following Affixes, to be holden for the said County of Norfolk; and, for that Purpose, the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said General Commissioners shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour 1‘uch Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said General Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they, is, and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame) j and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, uniels the Court, where such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had, which it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court to do, in case the said Court (hs:l think proper; and thar, after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, That the Determination of the said General Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Wallr Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Interests as aforesaid in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclos'ed, or any Cart thereof, which (hill not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting, not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Ifanyofth* Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the Parties die. fame, such Action shall noc abate by reason thereof, but shall be proa Pr0"ed;ng* ceeded in as if no such Event had happened. not toabate-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis- Allotment (loners shall, (after they have set out and appointed the Public Carriage for the Poor. Roads and Highways through and over the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act), assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord of the said Manor of Mr.rtbam, and unto the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said

6i4 46° GEORGII III. Cap . y).

Pan(h of Martham, furh Parts of the f a id Commonable Fen Lands, Commons arid Waste Grounds, as in the judgment of the said e~ ral Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-1 inn Putt of the Average Value of the ("aid Commons and Watte Ground., •, and Arch Allotment or Allotments shall be, on the-Execution of the A-mrb of the said General Commissioners, vetted in the Lord of the Lid Manor, and the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the !a;d Parish for the Time being forever, as Trustees for the Poor of the same Parish 5 and the said Trustees, or the major Parc of them are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to lease or demile any Part'cfr parts of the said Allotment or Allotments, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Tom of Ycarsmor exceeding Fourteen Years, so that in evr-y such Lease there be rcfrrv-ed and made payable to the Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, by Two equal Half yearly Payments, the mod improved yearly Pent or Rents that can be obtained for the lamb, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in consideration of grunting such Lease or Lcales, and that in all such i cases there be contained he usual Covenants and Stipulations between. Lessors and L.effer and such other Covenants and Stipulations, and

such Securtity for the Performance of the fame, as the said Trustees, or the major Paitotthefnfh.il think proper to be inserted therein;, and the Rents and Profits arising from the said Allotments, or Parts of th> laid Allotm nts so leased or denuded, final) from Time to Time be laid cut in purchasing Fuel, and such Fuel shall be distributed among the poor inh Ditanrs of the said Parish of Martham, who (h ill be legally Puled therein, and shall not occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the Yearly Value of Five Pounds, in such Proportions and Quantites, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules ana Orders as the said Trustees for the Time being or the major Part of them shall appoint and preltribe for that Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to retain and keep to much and such "Part or Parts as they shall think proper, of the Remainder of such Allotment or Allotments, not so let or demiled as aforesaid, for the Purpose of cutting Fuel; and such Fuel shall be distributed in Manner aforesaid, and the Remainder of the said Allotment or Allotments not so-lea'ed or demiled, or used for the Purpose of cutting Fuel, shall be used and enjoyed solely and exclusively by such Poor Inhabitants of the said Parish, who shall be legally settled and resident therein, and shall not occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the Yearly Value of Five Pounds, as a Common of Palture in such Manner and at such Time or Times and according to such Rules and Directions as-the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose, and not otherwise,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award, no poor or parochial Rates, Taxes,-or Affefihnencs whatever, shall be paid or payable out of, or for, or in respect of the said Allotment or Allotments hereinbefore directed to be made for the Benefic of the Poor as aforesaid, except the Land so lealed or demiled as aforesaid.

Poors Allotments to b s free from Parochial Assessments, except what shall be ieased.

9

46° GEORGII ITT. Cap. 39.

XV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Lord of the the Lord of the said Manor, and the V:car for the Time being, to act in tlrr Execution o' the Trusts hereby reposed in them by their Agents

or Proxies rel'peflively, furh Agents or Proxies nefpeftivrly being appointed by Writing or Writings under the Hands of the Lord of the said Manor, and Vicar respectively for the Time being, and producing their respective Appointments at the Time of their aiding by virtue thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners Allotments shall, in the nex: Place, assign, fee om, and allot unto the Surveyors for Warring of the Highways, within the said Parish of Martbam, such Parts of the Places Gra-said Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds hereby vei,e,»&c* directed to be divided and allotted, as the said General Commissioners shall think necessary, not exceeding Four Acres in the Whole, as and for pubbe watering Places for Cattle, and as and for public Sand, Gravel, Clay, and Chalk Pits; and the fame Allotments, when fee out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands, '1 enements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, and their Tenants for the Time being, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as the said General Commissioners shall, by their laid Award, direct or appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis- Allotment sioners shall, in the next Place, assign, set out, and alloc unto the for Right of Lord of the said Manor of Martha;, and unto any other Person or Soil. Persons being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors,

within the said Parish of Martbam, and being Owner or Owners of, or lawfully claiming to be Owner or Owners of, or being intitled to the Soil of the said Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds^ or any Part thereof, luch Part of the said Commonable Fen Lands,'

Commons, and Waste Grounds, as in the Judgment of the said General Commissioners, shall be equal in Value to One-seventeenth Parc of the said Commoncble Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Compensation and Recompense for the Right of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manors respectivciv, in and to the Soil of the said Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds respectively, or any Part:

Thereof.

■‘ XVItl. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis- Marthatn sioners shall, in 'he nex: Place, ash n, set our, and allot the Part of Green, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, called Martbam Green, unto the Special Corrimissioners hereinafter appointed, and their Successors, in Trust for the Lord of the said Manor of Martbam, (according to his Estate and interest therein immediately previous to the passing of this Ac:,) his Heirs and Assigns, and in Trust for a Common of Paf-rure, for all the Proprietors of Here .1 dements in the said Parish of Martbam, who immediately previous to the passing of this Act, had Rights ot Common on the Waste Lands in che said Parish, their Heirs anti Assigns; and the said General Commissioners are hereby required, in their said Award, to determine the Limits of the said Green, and the Means of preserving it for the Purposes aforesaid.

• 6i6 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

Allotment of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the lid General Commis-'CIt:Le' sioners shall then for out and allot the said C pen Fields, Murlhes, and Do es, and the Residue and Remainder of the f.iid Commonable Fen Linds, Commons, and W.dte Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, unto anil amongst all and evrrv Person and Persons having any Right or Rights of Common, and other Rights or Interel’s in, over, or upon the lame, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Parts and Shares as the said General Commslhoners finali adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, and them respectively, for his, her, and their respective Righ's of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Open Fields, fvlarfhes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof.

In CfafeJLn n XX. Provicled always. That if any Person hath fold or contracted, fell his com- or a8ret-d to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the mon flight, said Award, fell, or contract, or agree to fell his or her Right, Interest, the Allot- or Property in, over, or upon the said Open Fields, Marshes, Doles, to^h Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Purchaser.0 I>art t*lereof, or any Allotment or Allotments in respect thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and fir the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby directed, authorized, and required to make such Allotment or Allotments, or an Allotment of Land, unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of such Allotment or Allotments, Right, intered, and Property so fold or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in such Sale, Contract, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Allotment or Allotments, Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled io such Vendor, at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

Allotments

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Doles, Commons

Tythe free and Waste Grounds shall be exempt from all Manner of Tythes, for a certain for the Term of Two Years, to be computed from the Time of J fating out the Allotments by the said General Commissioners.

No Turf to

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

be cut with- shall after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay or carry out Leave of away any Whins, Furze, Reed, Rudies, Fodder, Turf or Flags, in. Commit »’P°n or from the said Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons and sioners. Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to the Li-tense of the said General Commissioners, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, (which Licence the said General Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant under such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Restrictions as they shall think proper to insert therein,) then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, for the County of Norfolk, upon due Proof thereof.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 617

of, made before him on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) to commit every such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Forextin-to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby autho- guishing, or rized, at any Time before the Execution of the said Award, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Church common be-of Martham aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights fore the of Common in, over or upon the said Commonable Fen Lands, Com- Award, mons and Walle Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspendrd for and during such Time as shall be exprtfTed in such Writing, and that all such Rights of Common as the said General Commissioners shall by such Writing, order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be ful'pended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Door, cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Commission-of this Act until the Execution of the said Award, all the Open Fields, l°dir'a hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall besubjedand liable to Huflj°ndry,° such Directions and Regulations, as the said General Commissioners over the shall from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands appoint, as Open Field* well with regard to the (locking, as to the ploughing, tilling, lowing

and laying down the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid General Commissioners, to order and direct such Sum and Sums of Money in relped thereof, to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Open Fields, his, her or their Tenant or Tenants, as they the said General Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or re-ful'e to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raile and levy the lame for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons intitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Parc thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XXV. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall For leaving be left in the Fences and Inclosures, to be made in pursuance of this Gaps.

Ad, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, nexc after the Execution of the said Award, for the Paflfage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, into and through the fame, unless the several Parlies interested shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up and inclosed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Messuages, Cottages, Allotment* Lands, and Grounds, which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, to be of the and of the said recited Act, to any Person or Persons for, or in rsfped fin}e T,enure

[Lot. fcf Per.] 7 R r of 81 Land‘iot

6i8 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

which they of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds holden of any Manor »rea otte . or jyianors by Copy or Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Lease-hold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds; or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest: appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, for or in respect whereof such Allotment shall be made are now holden: Provided always, That all and every Person or Persons to whom Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Premises shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, and the said recited Act, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for<he Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the respective Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors as the said General Commissioners shall, by their Award, order and direct); but, in case any Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Premises shall be allotted shall die without Admission within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fines, Fees, and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Premises; and, after every such First Admission, the Copy-hold Premises (o to be allotted as aforesaid shall, at all Times, be held under and subject to the fame Tenures, Fines, and other Payments as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements in respect whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted, are now holden under and subject to; and the said General Commissioners shall, by their Award, determine, describe, and abut the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold; and all other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act, (except what shall be so ascertained by the said General Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold), shall be thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, subject nevertheless to such. Free Rents and Services, as are now due or payable out of or for the respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof the same shall or may be allotted.

Tenants to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers, give up Open under Leases or Agreements for any Terms, of any Open Fields with-lo'ted *r ex *n t*,e of Martbam, which shall be allotted or exchanged by

changed, re- virtue of this or ti e said recited Act, shall (immediately after the sign-ceivingin ing of the Award of the said General Commissioners, or within such lieu (hereof further Time as the said General Commissioners shall appoint, and exchang'db* w^ere°f Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose,) give and therefore resign up the full and peaceable Possession of such allotted or exchanged wuh such Lands to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be re-Compenfa- ipeftively allotted or exchanged, such respective Tenants and Occupi-

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39,

ers of such allotted or exchanged Lands, receiving the Lands allotted or exchanged therefore in lieu thereof; and such of the said Tenants and Occupiers as, in the Judgment of the said General Commissioners, shall be prejudiced by such Exchange, by reason of the different State of Cultivation of the said Lands, shall receive from the respective Tenants and Occupiers of the Lands given in Exchange therefor, such Satisfaction in Money as the said General Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint as an Equivalent for such different State of Cultivation; and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same within Fourteen Days after Demand made thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be raised and recovered.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within the said Parish of Martbam, ac Rack or extended Rent, shall, as far as such Lease and Leases affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made of any Part of the said Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases, be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment and Allotments, and such Allotment and Allotments shall be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and nor to the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all the Right and Imereft which may or otherwise might be claimed in or to the lame by virtue of such Lease or Leases; and the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom the Messuages, Lands or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases shall belong, as Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame under such Lease or Leases as the said General Commissioners shall by "Writing under their Hands direct for the Right of Common, or any other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands or Tenements, and which shall be extinguished by this Act: And if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to make any such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to render null and void any Lease or Leases granted by the said Dean and Chapter, or the said Vicar, or any of their Ptedecessors, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Martbam, or any Part or Parts of such Lease or Leases.

619

General Commission* erj shall direct;

Lesfes void as to Allotments of Common-

620

M^ney advanced to be repaid with iniereft.

For defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining anc executing this Act.

Exchanges.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or l^ersons interested in the Open Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any other Person or Persons on his, her, or their.Behalf, shall advance and pay any Money in discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shal) be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said General Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences of inclosing the Allotments which shall by virtue of this Act be made to the said Vicar in Right of his laid Vicarage, and of inclosing the Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways, the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Martham, and to the Special Commissioners hereinafter appointed, and all the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and pairing of this Act, and of surveying, measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, draining, and preserving the Lands, Grounds, and Premises to be divided, allotted, drained, and preserved by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said General Commissioners, and of the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences of the said General Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed By the said General Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways, to be set out and appointed by the said General Commit* lioners, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, (save and except the said Vicar in respect of any Allotment which shall be made to him in Right of his said Vicarage, and also save and exceptthe Surveyors of the Highways, and the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Martham; and the said Special Commissioners for the Time being fur or in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as aforesaid; and also save and except such Person or Persons whole real Property within the said Parish of Martham or elsewhere shall not, in the Judgment of the said General Commissioners, exceed the yearly Value of Five Pounds, or who shall not be possessed of Personal Property to the Amount of One Hundred Pounds at the Time of making the said Allotments,) in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said General Commissioners shall appoint.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners to set our, allot, and award, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the Lid Manor and Parish of Martham, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manor and Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Township, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said General Commissioners, and be made with the

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 62!!

the Confirm of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be lo exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Propietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or foie, or a Tenant or Tenants in hee Simple, or for Life, or in Pee Tail, general or special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, P'coffcs for charitable Uses, Hnfbands, Committees, or Attornies of, or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who, at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be respectively Infants, Femes Coverts,

Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himlelfor herlelf, such Consent to be testified in Writing, under the common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless. That no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocele in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall lie and be situate.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Expences of Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing

of any Exchanges and Partitions which shall be made by virtue of this be paid!" or the said recited Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the leve-ral Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said General Commissioners shall, by their Award, or other separate Deed or Instrument, order and direct.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That Once, at least, in every General Year, during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed Commission-from the Day of the passing thereof, the said General Commissioners e's to^Y . shall, and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement f0r^»U Justice or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or of the Peace due to them for their Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this once in every Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with Year‘

the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and allowed, and the Balance of such Account shall be by such Justice or Justices, stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said General Commissioners; and no Charge or Item, in such Accounts, shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made Award to be by the said General Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed deposited. by the said recited Act, shall be depof'-ed in a Tin Box, in the Parish

Church of Martham aforesaid.

7*

[Loe, fc? Per.]

622

Proprietors and Agents to pay their own Expences.

Wills or Settlements not to beaffc&ed.

Clause for Drainage, &c-

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

XXXV. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies, and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they, or any of them, shall attend the said General Commissioners at any of their Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons, having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, •Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but that the respective Persons, to whom any Lands, or Hereditaments shall be allotted, or given in Exchange by virtue of this Act, shall be seised thereof, to such and the same Uses, and for such, and the lame Estates, and subject to L-cis, and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments whereof such Person was (eifed, or possessed, at, or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or, for which, or in respect whereof, such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case the said Act had not been made.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Gereral CoAI-miffipners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required by fudi Agents, Workmen and Labourers, as they shall think fit to employ, to make and erect all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Dikes, Sluices, Engines, Bridges and other Works in, through, over and upoA the Open Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, oh any Part thereof, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient for effectually draining such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds, as in their Opinion shall require to be drained, and to purchase any Mill or Mills, or other Works for that Purpose, and to erect such Houses or Buildings for the Habitation of the Person or Persons who shall have the Care or Superintendance of the said Mills or Works, or any of them, or for depositing Stores or Materials necessary for the making or maintaining of such Mills and Works, as they the said General Commissioners shall think proper, and also to make a Dike or Dikes through any Part of the said Lands and Grounds, to the River adjoining thereto, to be used as a common or public Boat Dike or Dikes, by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish of Marlham for the Time being, for the Conveyance of Corn, Manure and other Things, to and from the said River, and that the said General Commissioners shall set out and allot unto the Special Commissioners hereinafter appointed, the Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges and other Works, Houses, Buildings and Boat Dike or Dikes so to be made and erected or purchased by them, and such Part of the Lands and Grounds to be drained, by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper, for the maintaining or preserving of the fame j and also a Piece or Pieces of Land adjoining to the said Boat Dike or Dikes, to be used as a public Staithe or public §taithes,

by

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 623

by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates, within the said Parish of Martham for the time being, for the laying and depositing thereon of the Corn, Manure and other Things, which shall be conveyed or shall be intended to be conveyed to or from the said River, by means of the said Boat Dike or Dikes.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Gereral Com- Compenfa-missioners shall, at or before the Execution of the said Award, make tI0" 10 be or cause to be made, such Compensation in Money as they shall think Lands°uken. proper, for the Part or Parts of the said Lands, which shall be taken

or used for the making or erecting the said Drains, Darns, Banks,

Mills, Dikes, Sluices, Engines, Bridges and other Works, Houses and Buildings, or any of them, or set out and allotted far Ways and Passages to and from the same, and for repairing or preserving the same to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds to be taken, used, set out or allotted for the Purposes abovementioned or any of them, by the several Proprietors interested in such Drainage; and such Money shall and may be levied and recovered as the Colls, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be levied and recovered, and such Money shall, when received by the said General Commissioners, be applied in the Discharge of such Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, as the Proprietor or Proprietors whose Lands shall have been so taken, used, set out or allotted, shall be subjector liable to pay; and the Overplus, (if any,) shall be by them paid to the Person or Persons intitled to the fame: Provided always, That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, or any Person acting as Guardian, Committee or Trustee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or any Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, shall be intitled to receive such Sum of Money or Overplus, the same shall be by the said General Commissioners applied and disposed of in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act, In Cafes wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Mone>' ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tene-s or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, La- s ec;aj Com-dy or Ladies of the said Manor of Martham, the Vicar of the said Vi- m^ffioners°m* carage of Martkam for the Time being, and each and every Owner or appointed. Proprietor of Twenty Acres of Land to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall from and after the Execution of the A.ward herein directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, be and are hereby appointed Special Commissioners, for the Purpose of draining the Marshes, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds directed to be drained by virtue of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every such Special Commissioner, by Writing under of DrpuTy"* his or her Hand, from Time to Time, and for such Time as he or they Special Com-shall think fit, to nominate and appoint an Agent or Deputy to act in 'nissioners.

his

624 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

his of her Absence, as a Commissioner in his or her Stead, and every such Agent or Deputy shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by whom he shall be so nominated and appointed, aft as a Special Commissioner, and shall have the like Power and Authority as the Person by whom such Agent or Deputy shall be appointed; but no such Agent or Deputy shall be capable of acting as Agent or Deputy for the Purposes of this Act for any more than one Special Commissioner at any one Time.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Special Commissioner (except it be in administering the Oath or Affirmation hereinafter mentioned to any of the other Special Commissioners,) until he or she shall have taken the Oath following, or, being of the People called Quakers, make Affirmation, videlicet:

I A.B. do swear, [or, being of the People called Quakers, do so-" lemnly affirm,] 'I hat I will, without Favour or Affection, Ha-" tred or Malice, truly and impartially according to the belt of my " Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers " and Authorities in the Execution whereof I shall at any Time aft as " a Special Commissioner, appointed in and by an Act made in the " Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the " Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this AtK]

'So help me GOD."

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said Special Commissioners to administer; and such Specui Commissioner is hereby required to administer the same to the other Special Commissioners.

Personsaft-

XLII. And be it further enacted, That, in case any Person shall ingnot being presume to act as a Special Commissioner before he or she shall have ta* forfeit 20110 ^en c^e ®ath, or ma^e Affirmation; or, if any Person not being ' duly qualified as required by this Act, shall have acted, or shall have appointed any Agent or Deputy, who shall have acted as such Agent or Deputy in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall Cue for the fame, to be recovered, with full C'ofts of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he or she has taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, and is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Parc of the Prosecutor, than that such Person has acted as a Special Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or has appointed an Agent or Deputy who has acted in the Execution of this Aitj One Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

First Meeting

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commis-

otSpecial sioners shall, and they are hereby required to hold their First Meeting, sioners* for carrying this Act into Execution, in the said Parish of Martbam, on the Commissioners to take an Oath or Affirmation.

:?47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 625

ihe First Monday in the Month next after the Execution of the said Award by the said General Commissioners between the Hoursof Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon; and the said Special Commissioners shall meet on the First Tuesday in the Month of May in each and every Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, in the said Par-ifh of Martbam, which last mentioned Meeting shall be called the General Annual Meeting of the said Special Commissioners; and the said Annual Special Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, adjourn Meeting, themselves to meet at any convenient Place within the said Parish, or within Twelve Miles thereof, which they, the said Special Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting shall appoint; and if it shall so happen thac there shall not appear a iuffici-ent Number of the said Special Commissioners at any such Meeting, to act or adjourn to another Day (Two Special Commissioners to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of adjourning), or if they shall refuse or neglect to adjourn, or if any Two or more of the said Special Commissioners fh TI deem a Meeting of the said Special Commissioners to be necess-iry o proper, before the Time appointed for the then next General Annual Meeting or Meeting by Adjournment of such Commissioners, then, and in every such Case, the Clerk to the said Special Commissioners, or any Two or more of the said Special Commissioners, shall and may call a Meeting, to be holden within the said Parish of Martbam, by Writing under his Hand or their Hands, affixed upon the principal Door of the said Church, belonging to the said Parish of Martbam, and by publishing the fame in the Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, or in I'orne other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days, at least, previous to the Time of such Meeting; and no Act of the said Special Commissioners shall be good or valid, unless doiie at l’ome public Meeting to be hold-tn by virtue of this Act, (save as may be herein excepted); and thac all Powers and Authorities granted to, or vested in the said Special Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of them present at any such Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Three; and the said Special Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings in pursuance of this Act, be allowed Ten Shillings each per Day, out of the Monies to a-rife by virtue of this Act, and no more, towards their Expences, so that such Allowance do not, in the Whole, exceed the Sum of Three Pounds per Day, ac every such Meeting of the said Special Commissioners.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries Books to be shall be made in a Book or Books to be provided for thac Purpose, of kept, all the Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the said Special Commissioners, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Special Commissioners, who shall be present at the resptctive Meeetings, and the same shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Special Commissioners; and all such Entries, being so signed, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commis- Aflicmtobe sioners shall and may lue and be lued in the Name of their Clerk; and in the Name

[Loc. & Per.7 T that of the Clerk.

626 47° GEORGII III. Cap. $g.

that no Affion that shall be brought or commenced by or against the said Special Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on accounc of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk without the Consent of the said Special Commissioners, but che Clerk for the Time being of the said Special Commissioners, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Special Commissioners and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Cafe any one of the said Special Commissioners shall or may be made Plaintiff- or Defendant as the Case shall be.

Cirrkto he

XLVI. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Special Com-

pi'd his E.\. missioner, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced,

pences. prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be re-imbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his having been 1o made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

For appoint-

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commis,

ing Officers, (loners shall and may at their First, or any subsequent Meeting appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer, Surveyor, and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Aff, as the said Special Commissioners shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove them, or any of them, and appoint others as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Special Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Afb, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Special Commissioners shall take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Special Commissioners shall think proper; and all such Officers and Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Special Commissionets shall direiff, deliver to such Special Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts, in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof has been paid and difborlpd, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments and shall pay all such Monies as ffiali. remain in their respective Hands, to the said Special Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath verity their said Accounts; (which Oath any one of the said Special Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), and if such Officer or Person shall not make and tender, or shall rrfufe to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall re use to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the lame, or shall not deliver to the said Special Commissioners, or to such Person

4-7° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

son or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty Days after being thereunto required by such Special Commissioners, ail Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Att, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies, as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Special Commissioners, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Special Commissioners mav, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid; or if CompLint shall be made by the said Special Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, lo relufing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame; or if it shall appear to such Justices, upon the Confession of the Party or Patties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Wit-ncffes upon Oath, (which Oath the lain Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers, relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Special Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall have appointed, within Twenty Days after being thereunto required by such Special Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any or either the Cafes aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correlation for the said County of Norfolk, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Special Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Special Commissionersare hereby empowered to make, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in rcipcCl thereof to the said Special Commissioners. Provided always.

628

Works of Drainage to be kept in Repair.

To raise Money for maintaining Works.

Tenants to pay Taxes.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

that no such Officer or Person, so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Special Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time, by such Agents or Persons as they shall think proper to employ support, maintain, repair, and improve all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Dikes, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works as shall be made or erected by the said General Commissioners in, through, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining the fame, and from Time to Time to renew such of them as shall fall into Decay, and become incapable of being repaired; and also to make and erect all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Dikes, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works as shall appear to the said Special Commissioners, to be necessary for effectually draining the said Lands and Grounds; all which Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Dikes, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works to be made or erected by the said General Commissioners, or by the said Special Commissioners, and the Right and Property to and in the fame, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and also the Piece or Pieces of Land to be set out and allotted by the said General Commissioners to the said Special Commissioners, for maintaining, repairing, and preserving the fame, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby velted in the said Special Commissioners for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to insure from Fire ali and every such Mills, Engines, Edifices, and Buildings as shall at any Time or Times be erected by virtue of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners shall any may, from Time to Time, and at all Times after the Award of the said General Commissioners shall be made and executed, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, with such equal and proportionable Rates and Assessments upon their respective Parts and Shares therof, as they the said Special Commissioners shall judge necessary for the making, maintaining, repairing, and supporting of the several Works for the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, and for making any necessary Alterations or Enlargements therein or thereto, as Occasion shall require; all which said Rates, Taxes, and Assessments shall be collected by and paid to such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, and at such Times, as they the said Special Commissioners shall appoint, and shall be applied by them in Discharge of all such Expences as they shall fticur in the Execution of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers of all and singular the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall pay, and are hereby authorized and required to pay, such Sums of Money as shall be so assessed on the Lands in their respective Occupations by the said Special Commissioners to the Col-6 lector

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

lector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Special Commissioners, for the Purpose of receiving the fame •, and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Tenant and Occupier to deduct and retain the fame out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and the several Owners are hereby required to allow such Deductions•, and every such Tenant, paying such Rate or Aflerfment, shall be discharged of so much Money as the same shall amount to, as fully as if the fame had been paid to his or her Landlord.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners, Fo' Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Lands or Grounds of1 to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make Default in Payment of the Whole or any Pirt of the Sum or Sums of Money to be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, and shall continue in such Default for the Space Ten Days next after the Time appointed by the said Special Commissioners for such Payment, and after Demand of such Rates and Assessments made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Writing, left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, who is, are,

■or ought to pay the fame; or if such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall not have any Place of Abode within the said Parish of Mart bam, or within Two Miles of the fame, then, after Demand made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Notice in Writing, affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises chargeable with such Rates and Assessments, ic shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Special Commissioners, (which Warrant or Precept such Two or more Special Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to give as there shall be Occasion, although not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act,) to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands or Grounds so rated and assessed as aforesaid, and into and upon all or any Messuages or Tenements thereupon (landing, and there, or in any Part or Parts of the Lands, Grounds, Messuages, or Tenements upon which such Entry shall be made, to diitrain all or any such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle as shall be there found; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained on any Part of the Messuages or Lands whereon the same shall be found, or otherwise to take, lead, drive, or carry away and keep the fame, for the Space of Five Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress or Distreffes at the Messuages or Tenements, or on some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken, or otherwise at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for as aforesaid, together with the Colls and Charges of such Warrant, and of taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame,

{Loc. & Per.] 7 U or

6jo 47° GEORGII III. . Cap. $q\

or replevy the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, according to the Laws now in Force for Non-Payment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Headborough of the said Parish of Martbam, (who is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose,) to appraise the fame according to the belt of their Judgment; and that after such Appraisemenc as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money loaflelfed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress, and that the Overplus arising.from such Sale, (ifany), after Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle.

Landsunten. Lfl. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any of the a" ^a'se*" Lands or Grounds to be drained as aforesaid, shall, at any Time here-onity so,'the after, be untenanted or unoccupied, so that no sufficent Distress can Rates. be made for levying the said Rates and Aireffinents, then the Lands

and Grounds chargeabletherewith shall remain a Security for Payment of such Rates and Aflxflments; and all Goods, Chattels, and Cattle which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Charges incident to such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

Puniflrnent LI

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fordestroying wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or def-Wor 5‘ troy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Flood-gate, Bridge, Dike, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court before which such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larcency.

Persons da-

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously Hop, dam up, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, forfeit*a'stun Dam, Bridge, Stile, or other Work or Works which shall at any Time not exceed- hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported, main-ingFifty tained or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending.

Pounds. ancj being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the

Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds tc be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and such Money, when so levied, shall be paid to any One or more of the said Special Commissioners, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied

631

47° GEORGII III. 'Cjf. jg.

applied towards the Discharge of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act; and, for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by the said Jifftices, be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Ntr/o/k, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Oc- Penalty on cupier or Occupiers, of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds Neglectio to be drained by virtue of this Act, to which any Dike or Dikes, Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to scour, cleanse, open, or repair any Dike, Ditch, or Drain, or to make the fame of a sufficient Depth and Width, after Ten Days’ Notice in writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpose, by the Collector or other Officer to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act, (such Collector or other Officer having an Order in Writing for that Purpose under the Hands of Two or more of the said Special Commissioners,) every such Owner or Occupier shall for every such Neglector Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Four Shillings for every Rod of the Ditch or Drain so neglected to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, or widened; and it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time, to and for such Collector or other Officer to cause such Dikes, Ditches, and Drains, at the Charges and Expences of such Owner or Occupier, to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened in a sufficient Manner; and where a Way shall have been made over any Dike,

Ditch, or Drain, without a sufficient Tunnell, to cause such Way to be taken up, and such Dike, Ditch, or Drain, to be made of a proper Width and Depth, and by Warrant or Precept Under the Hands of Three or more of the Special Commissioners, to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences, upon such Owner or Owners,

Occupier, or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and such Penalties shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Tree or Trees shall at any NoTrresto Time or Times hereafter be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick be planted, erected or built,'(except by Order or Permission of the said Special or ^u^l-'liPiSs Commissioners,) nearer to any Mill or Engine which shall be made, e- y^u*

recced, or employed as aforesaid, than two Hundred Yards; and if any of Tny En-Tree or Trees shall be'planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick shall sines, to be be hereafter made, erected, or built within the Distance aforesaid, of "etted’ any such Mill or Engine; and if the Owner or Owners of any such Tree d'fof^he^ or Trees, Building, Stack, or Ride, shall neglect to tike down and re- Cotnmif-move or cause to be taken down and removed, fuqh Tree or Trees, fioner‘* Building, Stack, or Rick, for the Space of Fourteen Days, after Notice in Writing shall have been given to him or thefn for that Purpose, or left it his, "her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, signed by any Three or more of the said Special Commissioners, then and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Special Commissioners, to cause such Tree or Trees to be taken down and carried away, and such Building, Stack, or Rick to be pulled down and removed, and the Costs and Expences thereby fncurred, shall be

reimbursed

632 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

reimbursed to the said Special Commissioners by the Person or Persons who committed the Offence, and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods, Chattels, and Stock, wherever the same shall be found by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three of the said Special Commissioners.

Herbage cf

LVII. And be it further enacted, that the Grass and Herbage grow-whe'l’ef*nS’ ar'sing> ansi renewing upon such Parts of the Lands and Grounds Annually. hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall be vested in the said Special Commissioners, shall in future be let by the said Special Commissioners at their General Annual Meetings to be holden as aforesaid, for the best Rent or Rents, that can or may be gotten for the fame, and such Rents shall be applied by the said Special Commissioners for the general Purpose of Drainage under this Act, in such Manner as they shall at such Annual Meetings direct.

Appeal to the

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Sessions. Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, herself, and themselves aggrieved by any thing donein pursuance of this, or the said recited Act, (other than, and except such Orders and Determinations of the said General Commissioners, as are herein, or by the said recited Act, declared to be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried, as hereinbefore mentioned,) then, and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next, after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said General Commissioners or any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said General Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Special Commissioners, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Special Commissioners, Ten Days’ Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices, (not interested in the Premises.) at their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant, to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all the Parties concerned; but in case any such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without foundation, then the said justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion, shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner afore-l’aid.

Recovery of

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penaltiet by by this Act imposed and incurred, (for the Recovery and Application Saieref3 and hereof no particular Method is herein before directed,) shall be levied

$33

47° '. GEORGII ill. Cap. $g.

r<] and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Cofunty of Norfolk, which Warrant such Justke is hereby empowered to grant upon the Conviction of the Party or Parties, on his, her, or their Confession, or upon the Evidence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses dpon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and the Overplus,

(if any,) after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Special Commissioners, and shall be applied to such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Special Commissioners shall think fit ■, but neverthelds, it Ihalland may bclawful to and for the said Special Commissioners at any of their Meetings, to pay, or caisse to be paid, such Part of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, root exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the lnrurmer or Informers, as the..said Special Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case sufficienc Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and iJ(tenaers t Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the com- be commit-' mon Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Norfolk, there ted to repnain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Months, nor less than One Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be ftjoner paid and satisfied.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following, (that is to say :)

V ]^E it remembered. That on this Day of

" in the Year of our Lord " , A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty’s

" Justices of the Peace, for the [or County, as the Case shall be,] of having [as the Offence shall bef\ contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the! hird, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act,] and I for we,] the " said , do adjudge him [her or them,] to forfeit for

" the fame, the Sum of , given under my Hand and

" Seal [or our Hands and Seals,] the Day and Year aforesaid."

Form of Conviction.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Determination, Judg- , ,

rpent, Conviction, Warranc or other Proceeding to be had, touching not*" be B* the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any qualhedfor Order, Rate or Assessmen: to be made, or any other Matter or Thin WaBtof to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act^ f^ovrable shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or byCcrtiorari. removeablr by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Fhocefs whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Statute, Law or Usage to the contrary thereof, notwithstanding.

t>34

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Limitation o( Action.

General

Saving.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Tax, Rate or Sum of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form, in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Distress or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Treffpasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties (o distraining, but the Party or Parties so aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until after Thirty Days’ Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties aggrieved, shall have been given to the Party or Parties complained of, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, thereby setting forth the Cause of such Action or Suit, nor after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, has been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months, next after the Fact committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every Action commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Acc shall be brought and laid in the said County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his or their Election, specially, or the General I flue; and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance, or by the Authority of this Act; and if, upon the Trial of such Action or Suit, it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then, and in every of the said Cafes, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; and, in all Cafes where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants in any such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the lame, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then, and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, hach or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

LXIV. Saving always, to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person or Persons, Body

or

47° GEORGII III. Cap.zg.

or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (save and except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made, in pursuance of this Act, for or in respect of such Rights and Interests, as are hereby meant, or intended to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them,) all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and j taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre, and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, 1807,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 40.

An Act for enabling certain Persons therein named to carry into Execution a Partition lately made under a Decree of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, of The Moyfer Estate, in the County of York, and the County of the City of York, on the Part of the Reverend Richard Gee, Robert Whyte Esquire, and Thomas Metcalfe Esquire.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS Sarah Moyfer, late of Harley Street, in the Parish of The Will of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex, Spinster, de- Sarah Mo7* ceded, being seised cf one undivided Third Part or Share of T' 29tl* an Estate in Yorkshire, and in the County of the City of York, called The U‘)

Moyfer Estate, duly signed and published her last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Pate the Twenty-ninth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety three, and did thereby give and devise the fame by the general Description of all and singular her Manors and Freehold Messuages. Farms, Lands, Tenements, and all and every her Parts and Shares of and in all and singular the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements,

Hereditaments, and Real Estates whatsoever, whereof (he was seised in Fee Simple, or wherein fire had or was entitled to any Estate of Inheritance,

[Lee. £s* Ar.] 7 Y situate

J

47° GEQUGII III. Cap. 40.

iHuate in the several Towns, Parishes, Field., Piecjocts, or Territories of Kcilytbwaite, Kellythorpe, Sunderland, Wicks, Emfa-ell, Nafferton, Great Driffield, Little. Driffield, Cock ham, The Ike, Lowthorpe, Beverley, Aykc, Southern, and hockingion, and every or any gf them, in the said County of York, and m Appleton, Robuck, and Bolton Piercy, in the County t the City of Pork, or either of them, or eiicv.here in that Part of Great Britain called England, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances; and also all that her undivided Third Part or Share of and in the Rectory or Parsonage and Mansion-place of SiiUingfieet in the said County of York, and of all Glebe Land, Tythes, Portions of Tythes, and other Rights and Hereditaments to the said Rectory belonging; and also of and hi all and singular other the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, with their Appurtenances, in Stil-lingjleet or elsewhere in the said County of York, which had been granted and demised, and were held by virtue of Two several Leases for Lives, under the Archbishop of York, and the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter at York (subject to the Rents, Covenants, and Agreements under which the same are respectively held) unto Frances Cotton of Harley Sreet, Spinster (iince deceased), and her Assigns for her Life; and after her Decease unto Richard Gee of Hoi ham in the County of York, Clerk, and his Assigns for his Life; and after the Decease of the Survivor of them, the said Frames Cotton and Richard Gee, unto William Whyte Second Son of James Whyte, then late of Denbighs in the County of Surrey, Esquire, since deceased, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, in case he should be then living, and should then have attained or should afterwards attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, and subject to the Condition of taking the Name, and bearing the Arms of Moyfcr, therein-after contained; but in case the said William Whyte should happen to die before he fnculd attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or should attain that Age and happen to die in the Lifetime of the said Frances Cotton and Richard Gee, or in the Lifetime of the Survivor of them, then and in either of such Cases the said Teffatrix gave and deviled all her said Freehold and Leasehold Estates whatsoever, with their Appurtenances, unto Robert Whyte, the Brother of the said William Whyte, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, in case he should be then living, and should have then attained or should afterwards attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, and subject to the Proviso or Condition for taking the Name, and bearing the Arms of Moyfer therein-after contained; but in case the said Robert Whyte should happen to die under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or should attain that Age, and should happen to die in the Lifetime of the said Frances Cotton and Richard Gee, or in the Lifetime of the Survivor of them, then and in any of such Cases flie the said Teffatrix gave and deviled all her said Freehold and Leasehold Estates whatsoever, to the Use of her Godson Thomas Metcalfe, the Third Son of the Reverend George Metcalfe, of Stanner in the County of Sussex, by Mistake in the said Will called Thomas Metcalfe, and the Fleirs of his Body, and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Second and other Son and Sons of the Body of the said George Metcalfe (except the eldest Son for the Time being) severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in T ail; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the first and other Daughter and Daughters of the said George Metcalfe, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail; and in Delhi:1: e-f such Issue, to the Use of the said Richard Gee, his Heirs and

Assigns

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

AfTk'tis, fur ever: And whereas the said George Metcalfe ha’s, besides the said Thomas Metcalfe, an eldest Son and Two younger Children only, named Margaret Metcalfe who is of the Age of Twelve Years or thereabouts, and Frederick Metcalfe who is of the Age oi Ten Years or thereabouts: And whereas the said Sarah Moyfcr departed this Life in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, without revoking or altering her said Will; and the said Frances Cotton and William Whyte are both since dead: And whereas by a Decree or decretal Order of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, bearing Date the Sixth Day of Augt.fl One thousand eight hundred and three, and made in a Cause wherein Charles William Michel I Esquire, and Dorothy his Wife, and James Whyte Esquire, were Plaintiffs, and the said Richard Gee, Robert Whyte, and Thomas Metcalfe were Defendants; after reciting (amongst other Things) the Pleadings in the said Cause, by which it was alledged, that the Enjoyment of the said Effate, called The Moyfer Estate, in common, was attended with great Inconvenience, and that the Plaintiffs were desirous of having a Partition made thereof; it was ordered and decreed, that a Commission of Partition should issue, directed to certain Commissioners to be therein named, to divide the Estates in question into Thirds; and it was ordered, that Two-thirds thereof should be allotted to the Share of the Plaintiffs, and the other Third thereof as the Share of the Defendants; and it was ordered, that the Plaintiffs and Defendants should hold and enjoy their respective Shares in Severalty, according to such Allotments, and execute mutual Conveyances to each other of their respective Shares, according to their respective Interests therein: And whereas a Commission having been issued on the Twenty-ninth Day of Aaguf One thousand eight hundred and three, in Obedience to the said Decree, directed to Samuel Turner, William James, John Hall, and John Smith, authorizing them, or any Two or Three of them, to divide the said Moyfcr Estate into Thirds, in the Manner directed by the said Decree, the said Samuel Turner and William James, Two of the said Commissioners, by their Return, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and three, did certify, that they had met together, entered into and upon, and viewed and surveyed the Premises, and had distinguished and let out the fame, by the bell Ways and Means, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Decree and decretal Order; and did further certify, that they had allotted to the Plaintiffs Two-third Parts of the said Estates, consisting of the Particulars therein-after mentioned, and had allotted to the said Defendants the other Third Part of the said Effate, consisting of the Particulars also therein-after mentioned: And whereas the Schedule to this present Act, intituled, The First Schedule, contains a Particular of the Estates which upon the said Partition were allotted to the said Charles William Michel!, and Dorothy his Wife, and James Whyte; and the Schedule to this present Act, entitled, The Second Schedule, contains a Particular of the Estates which, upon the said Partition, were allotted to the said Richard Gee, Robert Whyte, and Thomas Metcalfe: And whereas by ail Order of the said High Court of Chancery, bearing Date the Twenty-third Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, the Return of the said Commissioners was absolutely confirmed: And whereas the said Thomas Metcalfe attained the Age of Twenty-one Years on the Eighth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven; and in case he should survive the fuM Richard Gee, and the said Robert Whyte should die in the Lifetime of the said Richard Gee, will become the First Tenant in Tail,

under

640

Confirmation of the Partition.

Trustees appointed for carrying the Partition into Execution.

One-third of the Hered.ta-ments to be conveyed.

To such Uses as shall be thought necessary for completing the Partition.

After the Execution of the Conveyances, the respective Persons to hold the Premises dif-charjred of all

Trufh, See. which, previous to the the

One third Shar? devi't J

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

under the Will of the said Sarah Moyfer, of the Third Pert or Share thereby devised of the said Moyfer Estate' And wheteas by reason of the Devises and Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Sarah Moyfer, the said Partition, so far as respects the said Third Part or Share, or other Parts or Shares (if any) comprized in and devised by the said Will of the said Sarah Moyfer, of and in the said Moyfer Estate, cannot be efteded without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Richard Gee. and Robert Whyte, and Thomas Metcalfe, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most i xcellen Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after-the passing of this Act, John Forjier of Lincoln's Inn in the County of Midd ifex. Gentleman, and Thomas Metcalfe of Lincoln s Inn aforesaid, Gentleman, and and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of lu h Survivor, shall be and they the said John Forjier and Thomas Met ait'e and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, are hereby appo nted Trustees for carrying the fain Partition or Division into Execution, so far as relates to the said undivided Third Part or Share, or other Parts or Shares (if any) devised determined by the said Wiil of the said Sarah Moyjer, of and in the said Estate called The Moyfer kjlate, and intended to be comprized in the Schedules to this Act, and the Estates, Rights, and Iutereffs of the Persons felled of, entitled to, orinte-rested in the same.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Forjier and Thomas Metcalfe and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required by any Deed or Deeds, or instrument or Iastruments, in Writing, sealed and delivered by them or him in the Presence of, and attested ny Two or more credible Witnesses, but under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, to bargain, fell, and convey the One undivided Third Part or Share, and all other the Parts or Shares, Rights, and Interest (if any) devised by the said Will of the said Sarah Moyfer, of and in the Hereditaments comprized in the First Schedule to this Act, and of and in their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to such Uses, upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effectuating and completing the said Partition or Division.

III. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the Execution of such Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments, in Writ-i g, by the said John Forjier and Thomas Metcalfe or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, as hereinbefore is mentioned, all and every the Persons and Person to or to the Use of whom any Bargain, Sale, or Conveyance shall be made by virtue of tin present Act, shall for ever thenceforth hold, polTefs, and enjoy the Hereditaments to be thereby bargained, fold, and conveyed, and every Part of the fame, with their respective Appurtenances, to and for his, her, and their own Use and Benefit, absolutely freed, exonerated, and discharged of and from the Devises, Bequests, Uses, Trusts, Powers, Prc-

3 vifoes.

47s GF.OR G11 Iir. Cap Me.

vlfocs,' Cortdltions, and Limitations, to which, previoafly to the prating by Sai.ih of this present Act, the One undivided Third tart or Share, or other *aood Farts or Shares (if any) comprized in the said Will of tire laid Sarah subjc’it. Moyfer, of and in such last-mentioned Hereditaments, was or were subject or liable under or by virtue of the lame Will.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it flvu.ll be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to make, such Orders, and give Fuch Directions for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, either upon the Petition of the Parties to the said Cause, or any of them, or otherwise as the said Court shalt think proper and expedient.

V. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and General Successors, and to all and every othqr Persons and Person, and to all lns C JU Sj Bodies Politick and Corporate, and to their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the said Richard Gee and Robert Whyte, and their respective Heirs and 4ihgns, and the said Thomas Metcalfe the Son, and tile Heirs of his Body, and the other Sons (except the elded Son for the Time being) and the Daughters of the Body of the Hid George Metcalfe, and the Heirs of the respective Bodies of all and every such Sons and Daughters, and all and every other-,the Persons and Person claiming or to claim any Edate, Right,

Title, Intered, Claim, or Demand, of, in, to, or out of the Hereditaments comprized in the Eird Schedule to this Act, or any undivided or other Part or Share of or in tire fame, or any of them, under or by virtue of the said Will of the said Sarah Moyfer deceased) all such Estates,

Rights, arid Intereds, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or ought to have had or enjoyed, or claimed, iu case this Act had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Copy of th-

Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so Act printed

printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and

' "r’

ft: hr- . L-.-bn-m - m fcjwoli:-.' dj ad •vuohiv-l L..S . Vi.il rt sldf.: of

bm ft.nay 1 uisnift orh y; ot ali/bi 10 lijtgvu ILsd i... I; ,m:. amnioD bist kdt tot ad aft li eft;

f r-ttl olefis 03 aavsolfnod anoheS to tioie.’'! yns ot bsfiti

t fit. l o.-i> or.: alto haciijifliCI yd !i .-i <-i

?ofa

The

642

'4 ? lXsGEORGII III. Cap. 40.

The First SCHEDULE referred to by the above A&:

ts-O 3TAUT12 S PREMISES.

- f

Al! those federal MeSuages, Tenements, Farm I Ionics, Cottages, and also the Water Corn Mill, with (lie Barns, Stables. Outbuildings} and Premises, thereunto belonging; and also all those doles. Pieces, or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pill ure Land or Ground u In ally-held or occupied therewith, and containing, by Adineafureme.it, 1,168 'Acres and 11 Perches, and now or late in the several Tenures of

And also [certain Pee Farm Sum and

payable from certain Estates, fituare at Nifferton and Low-churre, and Appurtenant thereto, ful ject ntvertiieless to the Payment of the Sum of /' ill.

13 s. Cg it for the Ty the Rent, F -- Earn Kent, Fcedcrv Rent, and Mill Fee R nt; and also to the Pat meat inf the Principal' Sum of 1 ’,21 on, lid. and Interest to accrue tbtTedrt,"being a 'jd >rtgiMe piade of the said Fd " and Fjremife. under the "Beverley and B.oinllon Drainage Act, and also; ter all future Irani lit ms a d Affiiffments occa Coned thereby, -

TENANTS’ NAMES.

WHERE SITUATE. Clear Value.

John and Peter Severs, Samuel Ellyard, Richard Layburn, John Lucltup, William Jeiferson, John Webster,

•John Newlove,

Ralph Horner, Richard Pinder, William Luckup, Francis Marfoti, William Walker, Widow Sharpe, r their under Tenants.

Nafferton and Low-thorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York.

And also certain Fee Fai

Rents, amounting to the Su of ^,.41 Or, yjt/ out of ai

at aSYears PurcWe after deducting Incumbrances

Willson, Widow, and her Son, or one of them.

A id also a]! that MelTnagt, or Farm House, tvitn the Stable Yard, Bmldi igs, and Premises; and also all those leven'.l doles,

P ecus, or parcels of Arable,

Merdow1, and Palter.- Land or Ground, coutamSg 73 A. 3 vi?. litttle more or iel's.

J: . )

And also one Right of Common in the Common of Will holme, near thereto; and also all that annual Payment, or Sum of 1 Til. lot. being a Tythe Rent a riling, i (Tiling, and payable out of icertairi Lands and Premises, fitmjle at Lockington aforesaid, subji et, nevertheless, to the Payment of the Principal Sum of-1.: 463;, "and the Ititcrctb" to accrue ihre-tbcreou, fccuved by 1 atz‘

* M. rtgngc.'ol -.belaid Premises, J dedu ting Inc mr.Prances

And also all tjiofe several Mef 1 f,nTJm'iffents. arid Fatnf'l Houses, with tV Hi-ma, ' Sta- hies, Build ig-', Yards, Gardens,;

Orchard., end Premises; and also ‘ all those Clours or Iaclofuvrs of Amide, Meadow, and Paftitra Laud or Ground, containing by j A 'culliirctH' it, i-’ca.i.'r ;8 Years Pdrcliafe -

Loekincton, in the said Eat1. Riding.

22,955 10 10

■ Pur.-'-aft after

P-iV-t h'n-een,

John Murece. Ber;r.:iiin Riiffall, or thrir Under Pe.isr.ts.

Saute’h

2,001 5

Cel,'-.-nr, otherwise

Soutl,olme, in the North Rining of the County of York.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

The Full SCHEDULE, See.—comlmiuJ.

64'

PREMISES. TENANTS’ NAMES. WHERE SITUATE. Clear Valne.

l - 1

And also all those Messuages^ or Tenements, Farm Hoafos and Cottages, with the Barns, Stables, Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, and Pretniles, and all those several Clcfes, Pieces, or Parcels of Arable, Meldow, and Pasture Land or Ground, or William Lay cock, William Tcmperton, Joseph Pick, Robert Bell, Thomas Lavcock, pfome or one of them, their or some or one of their Under Tenant or r Appleton, otherwise Nun Appleton, in the Pa-riih of Bolton Piercy, in the Ainltey or County of the City of York

Under Tenants.

at 2 8Years Purchase after deduding Incumbrances -

Land lying in the Open Fields or A endows there, containing, by Estimation, 382 a. i r. 9 p. little more or less, - - - J

Subject to the Payment of One Pound per Annum to the Poor of Bolton Pi :rcy, and also of the Principal Sum of /. 315 and Interest to accrue due thereon, being a M »rtgage charged upon the said Eftare, by virtue of the Act of Parliament for the inclo-•fure thereof.

AN.’ also all that Rectory, Parsonage, or Mansion House of Stlllingfleet, in the said County of York, and the Glebe Lands, Tythes, and other Hereditaments to the fame belonging, held for the Life of Mr. Samuel Pool, aged upwards of Sixty Years, by virtue of Two several Leases for Lives, under the Archbishop of York, and the Lean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter at York, and now let to Cave, Sir Thomas Pilkington, and Sir William Milner, or some of them; subject to the Rents, Covenants, Prorifoes, and Agreements, contained in the said Indentures of Leaie.

At Seven Years Purchase on clear Rent

10,787

Also all that Messuage, or Tenement and Farm, with the Outbuildings, hams, Yards,

Gardens, and Premises to the fame belonging; and also all thv fj several Closes, Pieces, or P rj.'L of Arable, Meadow, and Pallure Laud or G ound; and the Herbage or stage of Part of a certain Close, called the Great In / ? all which frii3 Premises contain, by Estimation, x c a. r 37 p. be the fame ) Jonathan Larley more orl *fs and are held under a certain Indenture of Lrafe, beanng ate the 13th Hay of Augull 7 16, granted by hs Grace the Archbishop of York, for the L ves of John Hall, Dorothy Michel, and James Whyte, and the Surv ivor of them, subject to the Rents, CovmanU, Provides and Agreements in such Indenture of Lsafe contained, - J

857 is

at r+ Years Purchase on clear Rent - x

Tholtho'pe, or Lower Tholthorpe, in the| North Ruling of the: said County of York. '

Clear Value di

1.1?1 id 8

49.744 S 8

Together with all the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances, to the said respective Eilatca ur.d ?.cr,;:fes herein-before jjarcicihrly d.-Lypcd, be;o?t£h»g or in any wise spoertaiainjj.

'"'S' •

4/ GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

644

The Second SCHEDULE referred to by the above A6L

PREMISES. TENANTS* NAMES; WHERE SITUATE Clear Value.

N All that capital Messuage or Farm House, with tive Barns, Stables, Yards, Stalls, Hovel?! Outbuildings, and Premises, together with I, ICO A. 3 R. IJ r. of Arable, Meadow, Pasture, and Warren Land or Ground, dividedinto Inclosures, and called Driffield Greets. ’ . . Francis Brown, his Under Tenants or AT- signs. f Great Driffield, Little Driffield, Sunderland, and Kcllftbwaite, or some or one of them, in the East Riding of the County of York. 1

And also all that Messuage' or Farm House, with the Barn, Stables, Outbuildings, ami Premises. and all those several Clofcs, Pieces, or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land, or Ground, containing 110 A. 1 R, 27 r. be the fame more or left, - - J Nicholas ’ ilner, his Under Tenants or Assigns. at 2 3Years Purchasr after deducting Incumbrances Enr.ftvcll and Little Drifffield in the said East Ruling of the County of York. 21,863 J9 4

And also all that Messuage or ! Farm House, Buildings, Yards, end Premises, together with the several Closes, Pieces, or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Failure Land or Ground, and Land lying in the open Meadows there, containing by Lftimation, 134 A. 3 k . be the lame little more oriels. y , George liarrifon. i Ate, otherwise Aike, in the East Riding of the County of York. V

Together with two Rights of Coramor_in the Common of Wilfholme near thereto, subject to all future Impositions. Taxes, and AiTeiTments, aVifing by or from the Beverley and Barmlton Drainage, together with all the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances to the said described Estates and Premises belonging or in any wise appertaining, - - . — at 28 Years Purchase - 3,012 18 0

■ _ '■* .7 t- n, £ 24,875 17 4

'I'here is no’Timuer o i Vie Ellate other than what appeared reccfiary for the immediate Repairs thereof; and the Sum of r *r . 6, beyond the Equality in the Exchange, was allowed by the

ommiflivner*» the Reparation oi the paled Fencing round the Wtrreu at Driffield Greets

W. JAMES.

LONDON: Printed-obv jGisorce EVrb str.J Andrew Si-rahan, Printers

- ;o the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1U07.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS;

-*<* * St m*1M*m*&*Z*9

jHiei‘62 has ysae^iuo eJi b J «¥V^£m

btv- i •*' {■>!■ i- itt wi1 t>';a>r t strr*n . .1 •. ini itflfcVmj isi noil

Cap. 41.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Crojhy,

in the Parishes of Frodingham and Flixborouvh, in 6 . 6 '

the County of Lincohi.

[25th April 1807.}

■i - i* - - 1. ' "I , ' •'•I l"t.V>L . . . •: i V

WHEREAS thera are within the Township of Crejly, in the Parishes of Frodingham and Flixborough, in the County of Lincoln, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, and certain ancient Inclosures: And whereas Sir John Sheffield, Baronet, is Lord of the Manor of Concfiy, in the said County of Lincoln, of which Manor the said Township of Crosby is Part and Parcel, and is interested in the Soil of such Part of the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Township, as are not separate Property: And whereas George Healey, Esquire, is Owner of the Rectory Impropriate of Frodingham aforesaid, and as such is or claims to be entitled to all the Tythes of Corn and Hay arising within the Township of Crosby aforesaid; and the said George Healey is also Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Frodingham aforesaid, and the Reverend Thomas Smith, Clerk, is the present Vicar or Incumbent thereof, and as such is or claims to be entitled to the Vicarial Tythes arising within the said Township of Crosby: And whereas the said Sir John Sheffield is Patron of the Rectory of Flbtborough aforesaid, and the [Lw. &? Per.~\ 8 B Reverend

H - -..V

’: OS

v.j at le

"A

650

CommifCon-

ers.

Election of •new Com-ir-issioners.

47" GliORGlI III. Cap. 41.

Reverend Robert Sheffield, Clerk, is the present Re ft or of the Parish and Parish Church of EUxborough aforesaid, and as such is or claims to be entitled to the Tythes atiiing from fame final! Parts of the Township of Crsffiy aforesaid, as arc in the Parish of Elixhsrough: And whereas the said Sir John Sheffield, George Healey, John Chatter/cn, and some other Persons respectively, are Owners and Proprietors of the several Messuages, Cottages, and ancient Inclosures within the said Township of Crosby, and are Proprietors of and interested in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fcrty-iirlt Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for coufohdating in one Ad certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosu; e, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas it would be advantageous to the several Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commonable and Waste Lands, if the fame were divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to such several Proprietors and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Property, Rights of Common, and other Interests, and if Compensation was made for the Tythes thereof, and of all the Homesteads and ancient Inclosures within the said Township of Crosby, in the Manner herein-after expressfed; but as such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament j May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Burcham of Coningsby in the County of Lincoln, Edward Hare of Castor in the County of Northampton, and William Whit clock. of Brotherion in the County of York, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing thp said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commonable and Waste Lands, and all other Open and Uninclosed Grounds within the said Township of Croffiy, and for putting this Act into Execution, subject: to the Regulations of the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the faine are hereby varied or altered; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the said Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Burcham, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, or be disabled to ad, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Sir John Sheffield, his Heirs or Assigns, within Thirty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Disability shall be Cgnified to him or them in Writing by the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or either of them, to elect and appoint one other Person, not interested in the said intended Division and Allotment, to be a Commissioner in the Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming disabled to ad; and if the said Edward Hare, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, or be disabled to ad, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the

6$£

4.7* G &0 R G11 III. Cap. 41.

raid George F.vlf, His ITeipS or Assigns, within Thirty Days next after ftrch Dearh, Refund, or Disability shall be signlfied ;o him or them in Writing by the surviv'ing or remaining Commissioners, or either of them, to elect and appoint one’other Person, not intereded in the said intended Divition and Allotment, to be a Commissioner in the Stead of such Commissioner so ching, refusing, or becoming disabled to acc; and also it the said William I Vhiteleck, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refule, or be disabled to act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Proprietors and Persons intereded in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Padures, Moors, and other Commonable and Wade Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted (except the said Sir John Sheffield and George Healey, and their respective Heirs or Afiigr.s) who shall be present at a Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose in the Township of Clrojby aforesaid, or in l’oirie other convenient Place within Eight Miles thereof, within Thirty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Disability, to elect and appoint another Person, not intereded in the said intended Division and Allotment, to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refilling, or becoming disabled to act, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at lead shall be given in Manner as by this Act directed; all which several Appointments shall be in Writing, and signed or sealed by the respective Parties making the same; and in case the said respective Parties, or any of them, shall make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner, within the Times or at such Meeting reflectively as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to appoint a new Commissioner,"not intereded in the said intended Division and Allotment, in the Place and Stead of each such Commissioner so dying, refilling, or becoming disabled to act; and every such new Commissioner so to be appointed in any of the Cafes aforesaid, having fird taken and subscribed the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this and the said recited Act into Execution, U all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall have been so appointed and chosen was veded with by virtue of this or the said recited Act.

Ill And 66 it Further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners wholhali aft in the Execution of the Powers hereby veded in them, shall be paid the Sum of Three Guineas for dach Day he shall be employed therein, and the same shall be in full Satisfaction for all Trouble and Expences he shall be put unto in executing the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their Fird and every other Meeting for the Execution of this and the said recited Act, to be affixed or the principal outer Door of each of the Parish'Chhrdrei' of Frbdi^&h'im and Flixborough aforesaid, upon feme Sunday before Divine Service, and also to be inferred in the Lincoln, Rut-land, ffod Sl'tinfofd ffibrctiry, W in feme other Newspaper circulated in the said Centity’ of Lincoln, TFn Days at lead before every such Meeting (MeetfogSbyAdjdurnment only excepted) 2nd shall hold their Meetings at dr within Eight Miles of the Tawnffiip of Crosby aforesaid; and if at

any

Allowance to the Commissioners.

Notice of Meetings,

6K2

Other Notices to be given.

E:icro»ch-

merits.

Commissioners to settle Disputes.

Commission-erf to aiiefj

Costs.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

any Meeting appointed to be holdenby the said Commissioners, not more than One of them shall attend, the Commissioner so attending may adjourn such Meeting to a (uture Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the lime of Adjournment, and shall give Notice thereof to the absent

Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or rrquilite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be so made and given by Notice in Writing, to be affixed on the said principal outer Door of each of the said Parish Churches, and by Advertisement to be

inserted in the said Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, or in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any Time within Twenty Years now last past, shall have been made upon the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in case any Dil'pute or Difference shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be investigated, settled, and determined by the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, touching or concerning the respective Rights and interests which they or any or either of them shall have or claim to have therein, or touching or concerning any Common Rights or Interests which they may have or claim in, upon, or over the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Manors, Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

V1JI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or »efuling to pay the fame, render-

47* GGEORGII III. Cap. 41.

itig the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducing the Colls and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiare, interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning the Rights or Intereds in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Common Rights or Interests which he, she, or they may have or claim, in, upon, or over the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the County of Lincoln, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue again!! the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiare, in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, flie, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornie«, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined (such Issue or Blues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actons shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims to such Common Rights or other Rights or Intereffs in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof which shall not be objected to, or, being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon and to all Parties.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this A<d, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reafou thereof, but Hull be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

[Lee. df Per.'] 3 C XI. And

653

Allowing Parties difla-tisfied with the Determination of the Commissioners, to try their Rights at Lavr.

Deaths of Parties not to stay Pro* ceedings.

&S4-

Allotment for Materials to repair Roads.

Allotment in lieu of Tythes.

In case tli" Owners of old Inclosures shall not be poflciTed of sufficient Quantity of Landto make Conypenla-tion for the

tIiercof.Com-

47° GEORGII III. Cap. a,r.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby authorized, if they shall think necessary, but not otherwise, alter setting out the Roads and Ways in Manner directed by the said recited Act, to allot and award unto the Surveyor of the Highways of the said fownship of Crcjby, and his Successors, such Parcel or Parcels of Land, Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as they the said Commissioners shall think most proper, for the digging for and getting of Stone, Gravel, and other Materials for the Repair of the Highways, and publick and private Roads within the said Township, the Herbage or Produce of which Allotment shall be appropriated in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct and appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required in the next place to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said George Healey, his Heirs and Assigns, and to and for the said Thomas Smith and his Successors Vicars of Frod-ingham aforesaid, and to and for the said Robert Sheffield and his Suc-ceif rs Rectors of Flixlorough aforesaid respectively, to be divided and apportioned amongst them as herein-after is directed, so much and such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be of such Value as herein-after mentioned (except and after setting out such Roads and Allotments, if any, for Repair thereof as aforesaid ) in lieu of and full Satisfaction for all Tythes whatsoever, both Great and Small, Modufe', or other Dues and Payments in lieu of any Part thereof, within the said Township of Crosby (except Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees) all which said Tythes, both Great and Small, and Modules or other Payments in lieu offome Part thereof (except Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees) shall cease and be for ever extinguished from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the said Commissioners shall have finished the Ring Fences of the said Allotments to be made for the fame, and have extinguished all Right of Common thereon, and taken such other necessary Measures as that the said George Hea/ey, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Thomas Smith and Robert Sheffield, and their Successors, may be respectively enabled to hold and enjoy the said Allotments in Severalty, freed, acquitted, and wholly exonerated and discharged of and from the Claim or Interruption of any Person or Persons vv’nomsoever, by reason or in respect of his, her, anil their Estates, or Rights of Common or other Interest therein, and also after Notice given by the said Commissioners in Writing to the said several Tythe Owners, or to their respective Agents, to enter upon and take Poffaliion of the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owners of any

Homelteads, Gardens, Orchards, or cld Inclosures within the said Town-fltip, shall r.ot be entitled to sufficient Property in the Lauds and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to make such Compensation for the Tythes of such Homelteads, Gardens, Orchards, or old Inclosures as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners ihatl and may and they are hereby required, by any Writing under their Hands, to charge such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and old ludolures belonging to such Owners remetlr.'ely, w;tb the Payment or such Sum or Sums of Money, '■ 'as

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 655

as in the Judgement of the Paid Commissioners shall be equal in Value to, njiflionmto and a full Satisfaction for the Purchase of the Inheritance of the Tythes ^th^th/pay* thereof; and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid determined by such Owners mentofa rd'prftivtly, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the Sum of said Commissioners shall by any such Writing direct or appoint, and shall Mone-'‘ be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution; and such Sum and Sums of Money shall be recovered in the same Manner as is authorized and directed by the said recited Act, with respect to the recovering the Charges and Expences therein mentioned; and in case any Surplus shall remain after such Expences shall have been fully paid and satisfied, such Surplus shall be divided and apportioned between the several Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, according to their respective Interests therein, and to be paid to them in case they shall be seised in Fee Simple of their respective Allotments, or otherwise such Surplus shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses: Provided nevertheless, that in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion, that Parc of the old inclosed Lands of any such Owners may be conveniently set out for the Tythes of the said Homefleads, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures, instead of having the fame charged with the Payment of any Sum of Money as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set opt such Part of the said old inclosed Lands accordingly, as shall in their Judgement be equal in Value to the Tythes of the Homefleads, Gardens,

Orchards, and old Inclosures of such Owners respectively, according to the Share and Proportion next herein-after directed to be set put for Tythes thereof; and the Land so to be set out from any such old inclosed Lands, or o’her Lands and Grounds, shall be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Compensation and Satis- Directingin

faftionto be made under and by virtue of this Act, for and in lieu of what Manner Tythes, Modules, and other Dues in lieu of Tythes, shall be as follows; Compenfa-that is to say, in all Cafes where Great and Small Tythes are payable, it &c

shall be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of all the Land within the Ring shall be made. Pence of the said Open Arable Fields, to One eighth Part of all the said

Open Pastures, Moors, Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds (after setting out such Roads and Allotments (if any) for Repairs thereof as aforesaid) and also to One-seventh Part of the Open Meadows, and of all the Scites of the Homefleads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands, out of which the said Great and Small Tythes shall issue; and in such Ca'es where Tythes are only partially due and payable, it shall be such as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, having due Regard to the Proportions aforesaid, shall be a full Equivalent and Satisfaction for such Tythes as are due and payable, and for all Modules and other Dues in lieu thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Allotments of Land which Compenfa-

fliat! be let' out or allotted by the said Commissioners, as a Compensation ?<c

for ‘S’

656

to be fairly and impartially made.

Tythes of such Inclosures (if any) as belong to the Parish of Weft Halton to remain unaltered.

Allotments to George Healey, £lquire, not to comprize any Part of the Weft Common Pasture.

Situation of Allotments to the Vicar of Froding-ham.

Allotment for Tythe* to be Ring-fenced.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

For I’ytfees, Modules, or other Dues in lieu of Tythes, shall be fairly and imperially proportioned and divided by the said Commissioners, amongst the said George Healey, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Thor,vis Smith and Robert Sheffield, and their relptclive Successors, according and conformable to their several and resptccive Rights and Interests therein.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to make any Allotment or Satisfaction for the Tythes arising and payable out of such ancient Inclosure or Inclosures ill Crojly aforesaid (if any) which are within the Parish of Weft Halton, in the said County of Lincoln; but all such last-mentioned Inclosures (if any) shall remain and continue liable to the Payment of Tythes, in like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Allotments to be made to the said George Healey as Impropriator or Owner as aforesaid, shall not beset out in or comprize any Part of the Weft Common Pasture in Crcjby aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners, in making their Valuation of the Proportion of the Lands within the said Weft Common Pasture in Crosby, which the said George Healey might or would have been entitled to but for the Restriction herein contained, shall have Regard to the Improvement whereof the Tame might be capable, by being warped by means of the Waters of the River Trent, having also Regard to the Expences which might attend the fame, and shall accordingly give to the said George Healey, his Heirs and Assigns, a Recompence and Satisfaction for the fame, in the Allotments to be assigned to him and them; and that the Allotments to be made to the said Thomas Smith as Vicar as aforesaid, shall be fee out in the Fields of Crosby aforesaid, as near or Convenient to his Vicarage House in Frodingham aforesaid as conveniently may be.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Outermoftor Ring Fences of the Pieces or Parcels of Land to be allotted to the said Impropriator, Vicar, and Rector respectively, in lieu of and as a Compensation for all Tythes and Payments as aforesaid (except in such Parts as shall be directed to be fenced by other Proprietors) shall be properly planted with good Hawthorn Quicksets, and guarded on both Sides with good Posts and Three Rails high, the Posts to be of Oak, and the Ralls of Oak or Alh, and sufficient Ditches, and with good and substantial Carriage Gates and Stiles in the said Fences where necessary, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, all which Fences shall be made, planted, and guarded, and all which Gates shall be so made and hung by the Direction of the said Commissioners, at the Expence of the rest of the Proprietors of the several Lands and Grounds in and by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and indofed, and exonerated from the Payment of Tythes, and that all such Fences and Gates of the said several Allotments to be made to the said Tythe Owners, and not ordered by the said Commissioners to be repaired by any other Proprietor, shall, for ever after the first making thereof, be supported, maintained, and kept in Repair by the said George Healey, his Heirs or Assigns, and the said Thomas Smith and Robert Sheffield, and their Successors respectively.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 657

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in

the next place let out and allot such Piece or Pieces of Land, as shall be *1,'Manor? equal in Value to One-twentieth Part of the Residue of all the Common, or Waste Lands within the said Township, which are not separate Property, and the Soil of which the Lord of the said Manor of Cmejby is entitled to or interested in (after the Roads and Allotments for Repairs thereof, and for the Tythes of such Common and Waste Lands shall be deducted) unto the Lord of the Manor of Conejby aforesaid, in lieu of, and full Compensation and Satisfaction for his and their Right of Soil in and to the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and which shall be accepted and taken accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (after Allotment setting out Roads, and making the several Allotments aforesaid) shall set of the Re-out, allot, and award the Residue of all the said Open and Uninclosed ^uc‘

Lands and Grounds situate in the Township of Crosby aforesaid, and herein-before mentioned, and hereby intended to be divided and inclosed,

unto and among the several Owners and Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, in Proportion and according to their several and respective Parts, Shares, Rights, and Interests therein, such Rights and Interests to be ascertained by such Ways and Means as to the said Commissioners shall Lent moftjuft, reasonable, and expedient.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Powertollop Commissioners, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the j£jajsc' Peace acting in and for the Parts of Lindsey, in the said County in which °a

the said Township is situated (subject to Appeal as in the said recited Act is mentioned) to shut up, turn, or alter any such old publick or private Roads or Ways within any Part of the old Inclosures in the said Township of Crosby aforesaid, as they shall deem unnecessary, and as they think proper; and such Roads so flopped up, shall be deemed and taken as Part of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, inclosed, and allotted, and shall be divided, inclosed, and allotted accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Part of Respecting the Lands to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, shall adjoin Freeboards, to any Freeboard, or any Screed or Parcel of Land left on the Outside of the Fences of any adjoining Parish, Township, or Hamlet, which shall run into any of the Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, the same shall be deemed to be Part of the Lands to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and shall be under the Controul and within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, and shall be divided, and apportioned and allotted by them in such Manner as any other Land in the said Township of Crosby may be divided, proportioned, and allotted:

Provided nevertheless, that such Allotment when made for the said Freeboard, shall be deemed to be Part of the Parish, Township, or Hamlet, to which such Freeboard did theretofore belong.

XXIII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Cattle tot to Person or Persons to graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever, in or b-grazed on upon any of the Roads to be set out by virtue of this Act or the said the R°ad3 recited Act, and which shall by the said Commissioners be directed to be v! ien

[f*c. ft? Per.^ S D fenced, *r^'

65S

No Lambs or Sheep to be kept in the new In-elofures for Seven Years.

Tenants and Occupiers to resign HoiTession ofallotted or exchanged Lands, receiving Satisfaction for any Loss.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 4x.

fenced, for the Space of Ten Years next after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, on Pain of forfeiting and paying for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be paid to such Person or Persons, and to be applied for such Uses and Purposes, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award authorize and direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That for the Space of Seven Years after the Execution of the Award of the Commissioners, no Lambs or Sheep shall be depastured or kept in any of the intended new Inclosures to be made under this Act, unless the Persons so depasturing or keeping such Lambs or Sheep in such new Inclosure or Inclosures, do at their own Expence efleftuatly guard and fence their Neighbours Quicksets adjoining to such Inclosures respectively, in which Lambs or Sheep shall be depaL tured and kept as aforesaid, so as to prevent any Damage or Injury being done to such Fences or Quicksets by any such Lambs or Sheep; and that the Person so respectively depasturing or keeping Lambs or Sheep in the said new Inclosures, and neglecting or refusing to guard their Neighbours Quicksets as aforesaid, shall be liable in every Cafe to pay all such Damages as shall be sustained by any other Persons whomsoever, by reason or on account of such depasturing and keeping Lambs or Sheep as aforesaid, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant and Occupier under any Agreement or Letting at Rack Rent for any Term or Number of Years, or from Year to Year, of any Part of the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, or Inclosures within the said Township of Crosby aforesaid, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall, immediately after the signing the Award of the said Commifliohers, or within such other Time before or after the signing of the said Award as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose, give up and resign the full and peaceable Possession of such allotted or exchanged Lands, and the old inclosed Lands and Tenements held therewith, to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively allotted, exchanged, or belong to, such respective Tenants and Occupiers of such allotted or exchanged Lands, and old inclosed Lands and Tenements, receiving from the said respective Owners and Proprietors thereof such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants respectively on account thereof, as an Equivalent for the Loss or Losses he, she, or they shall respectively sustain thereby, and also for and on account of their respective following or waygoing Crop (if entitled to any); and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be raised and recovered, or the fame may he recovered by an Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJbnirsler.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 659

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Allotment and Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, in or upon the said Lands feme uf«.

and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and all and every the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments allotted under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall, from and after the making and executing of the Award of the said Commissioners, be

held under and subject to the fame Tenures, Services, Rents, Chief

Rents, Quit Rents, Covenants, Settlements, Charges, Terms, Clauses,

and Provisoes, as the Lands and other Property in respect of which they

were so allotted shall be subject and liable to at the Time of such Division

and Inclosure.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothinginthis Act con- Wills and tained shall extend or beconltrued to extend to revoke, make void, alter,

or annul any Will or Settlement or to prejudice any Person or Persons affected, having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed or exchanged, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but the respective Persons to whom any Lands, or Hereditaments shall be allotted or given in exchange by virtue of this Act, shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments whereof such Person was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, and for which or in respect whereof such Allotment or Exchanges (halt be made, would have been subject to be charged with or affected by in case this Act had not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by Dirsfling the said Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said "’here the recited Act, shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Frodingham afore- j^X^sited said, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint. ' p -1 e

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences Forpaying incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of tlle Eapencei surveying, measuring, dividing, and allotting the said Lands and Grounds of this hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, 3nd of the old or present

inclosed Lands, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, with the Map or Plan of the said Township of Crosby to be thereto annexed, and of fencing and inclosing all the several Allotments to be made for or in respect of Tythes, Modules, Compositions, or other Dues in lieu thereof, in Manner herein-before directed, and also the Charges of the said Commissioners, and of the several Persons to be employed by them, either before or after the executing their said Award, and all other Colls and Charges attending the Execution of this Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by all the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds so hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid; and the present inclosed Lands and Grounds to be exonerated from Tythes determined by virtue of this Act (other than and except the said George Healey, his Heirs and Assignr, and the said Thomas Smith and Robert Sheffield, and their respective

660 47° G.EORCJ II III. Cap.+i.

respective Successors; in respect to the Allotments to be made in lieu of Tithes, and of Modules, Chmpofuions, or other Payments in lieu thereof, who rffe hereby discharged from any such Expences in respect of the fame Allotments, and such Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be assigned from which any Deduction shall be made for such Expences) in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoinr, by any Race or Rates to be made and fipned by them; and the Sums of Money' to betherebv aflelled, shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners (half order and direct by their said Auard, or by any Writing figtted by them, either before or after the Execution of the said Award; and in case of Non-payment thereof, the faille shall be recovered by the Ways and Means prescribed by the said recited Act.

e"chafes’

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ‘‘fc Comnnflioners to set out, allot, and award any old inclosed I ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Township of Crosby aforesaid, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, apd Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Township, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Manor, Township, or Place; provided that aTl such Exchanges of any Messuages, Tenements, Dwelling Houses, or Homesteads, and of all Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures adjoining thereto, be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtel'y of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making high Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, df tinder any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled toad for themselves, hinw self, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegia!e, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every Exchange and Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and rft'ec* tual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benelice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron of such Church, Chapel, or Benefice, and also of the Lord Rishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanges shall lie and be situate; and all such Exchanges shall be ascertained, specifisd, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges or Partitions by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Perfops making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their Award order or direct.

Coils of Exchanges by wlioai to be paid*

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. ¥*i

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the ^u.it Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums

of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey, in the said County of Lincoln, to be by. him or them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by the said Justice or Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerks of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in the Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Allowing an shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done Apjnal.

in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (other than and except in such Cases where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners, by the said recited Act or this Act, are directed to be final and conclusive, and except in Cafes where an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the Parts of Lindsey, in the said County of Lincoln, within Four Calendar Months next alter the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said L ommissioners Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal; and the Justices at the said next General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by a Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXXIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Gf,n(.ral Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Saving. Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs,

Successors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except such Bodies Corporate, Politick, and Collegiate, and such Person and Persons,

his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons claiming by, from, or under, or in Remainder after them, or any of them 1 espectively) all such Right, Title, Estate, and Interest, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, over, or in respect of [lor. ft? Per.-] 8 E the

662

Act may bcj given in Evidence.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable, Wade and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds respectively, before the passing of this Act, or could or ought to have enjoyed in case the fame had not been made.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof, lo printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S07.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*«*- )* ijHfr*

Cap. 42.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish. of Mere, in the County of Wilts.

[25th April 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Mere, in the County of Wilts, divers Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, containing together, by Ellimation, upwards of Five thousand Acres: And whereas his Royal Highness George Augustus Frederick

Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall is Lord of the Manor of Mere, lying within the Parish of Mere aforesaid, and Thomas Schutz Esquire, is Lessee or Lord Farmer thereof under his said Royal Highness: And whereas Thomas Grove and Wyndham Godden, Esquires, are Lords of the several Manors of Zeals Clevedon and Zeals Aylesbury, within the said Parish of Mere: And whereas the very Reverend John El-ins, Doctor in Divinity, as Dean of the Cathedral Church of Sarum, is Lord of the Manor of the Parsonage of Mere, confiding of divers Leasehold and Copy-hold Lands, and also is the Rector or Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory of Mere aforesaid, and as such is entitled to all the Great Tithes arising therein: And whereas his said Royal Highness, or his said Lessee, the said Thomas Grove and Wyndham Godden, as Devisees, as aforesaid, the \_Loc. & Per.'} 8 F Molt

666

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42»

Most Noble Edward Adolphus Duke of Somerset, Sir Richard Colt Heare Baronet, and the said John Ekins as Dean of the said Cathedral Church of Sarum, Thomas Grove Clerk, and divers other Persons, are Proprietors of Land within the said Parish of Mere, and entitled to a Proportion of the said Open and Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, lying within the same Parish: And whereas the said Open and Common Arable Fields and Common Meadows lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the said Common Downs, Common Pastures and Commonable Places, are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the fame were divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof in Severalty, in lieu of and in Proportion to their respective R ights and Intereils therein; and if such Allotments in the said Common Meadows, Common Pailures, and Commonable Places were inclosed, the fame would be convenient for Occupation, and might be considerably improved: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Davis, of Horningsham in the County of Wilts, Gentleman, Richard Webb, of the Clo/e in the City of New Sarum, Gentleman, and John Gate-house, of Buckhorn Weston in the County of Dorset, Gentleman, (and their Succdfors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned,) shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, and for executing all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses, and Provisions herein-after particularly mentioned; and also such of the Powers, and subject to such Rules and Regulations as are contained in an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Eads usually required on the passing such Acts, as are not varied, altered, or otherwise provided for by any of the Provisions contained in this Act; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things done and executed by any Two of the Commissioners named in or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be to all Intents and Purposes as valid and effectual as if the fame had been done and executed by all the said Commissioners.

For appoint- H- And be it further enacted, That when and as often as either of the ing new Com- said Commissioners, or any Connnissioner or Commissioners to be here-nuflioners. after nominated and appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall die or refuse or neglect to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, then and in every such Case the major Part in Value, (such Value to be ascertained by the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish for that Year) of the several Proprietors of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pailures and other Commonable Lands, present at some public Meeting, to be holden at some House within the said Parish of Mere, of which Meeting and the Intent thereof Notice shall he given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners previous to such Meeting, by affixing such Notice on One of the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Mere aforesaid, and by inferring the fame in the Salijbi/ry and Winchester Journal, (if such Paper be then pub-

hilled),

667

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

lished), if not, then in fame other Newspnper printed or circulated in the said County of Wilts, and by fending the like Notice to the Duchy Office,

Somerset Place, London, addressed to his said Royal Highness’s Surveyor General shall, and they are empowered, by 'Writing from Time to Time under their Hands, to cleft and appoint some other Person or Persons not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room and Stead of such t'ommissioner or Commissioners so dying, or refusing, or neglecting to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so to be appointed from Time to Time shall have the fame Power and Authority to act in the Execution of the Powers given in and by this Act and the said recited Act, as if such Commissioner had been named a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners shall be allowed the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for his Trouble, Charges, and Expences, including all travelling Charges and Expences for each and every Day he shall necessarily attend in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or the said recited Act; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized to appoint a Clerk to assist them in the Execution of this and the Hid recited Act, and such Clerk from Time to Time to remove and to appoint another, as to them shall feetn meet ■, and the said Clerk shall in like Manner be allowed the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for his Trouble, Charges, and Expences, including all travelling Charges and Expences for each and every Day he shall necessarily attend the Commissioners in the Execution of this and the said recited Act: And be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, and each and every of them shall pay their own Expences, when they, or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, Commission-and they are hereby required with all convenient Speed after the passing Noticeo'f of this Act, to give publick Notice in the Parish Church aforesaid, upon their Meet-some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Notice in Writing, ings.

to be affixed on one of the Doors of the said Church, immediately before Divine Service, and the like Notice in the Salisbury and Winchester Journal, or such other provincial Newspaper as aforesaid, and by fending the like Notice to the said Duchy Office addressed as aforesaid, of the Time and Place of their First Meeting for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall give publick Notice, in Manner aforesaid, of the Time and Place of their Second and Third Meetings for executing the Powers hereby vested in them. Fourteen Days at lead before such lass mentioned Meetings, and of each and every subsequent Meeting, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) the said Commissioners shall give Ten Days Notice at lead in the said Parish Church, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service; and in case Two of the said Commissioners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, or to which any such Meeting shall be adjourned as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners who shall attend, and to and for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in case no one of the said Commissioners shall attend.

Allowance to

the Commissioners.

668

OtherNotices liow to be given.

For shorten->ng Boundary Fences.

Commissioners to settle Disputes.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

tend, to adjourn such Meeting from Time to Time to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of such Adjournment, such Meeting to be holden at the same Place, or at such other Place within the said Parish of Mere, or within Eight Miles thereof, as to the said Commissioners or Clerk making such Adjournment shall seem moll convenient; and the said Commissioner, or the Clerk making such Adjournment, is hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioners: Provided always, that all Meetings to be holden by the said Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution shall be holden within the said Parish of Mere, or within Eight Miles thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices requisite and necessary to be made and given by the said Commissioners (the Manner of making and giving which shall not be otherwise provided for by this Act) shall be made and given by Advertisement in the said Salisbury and Winchester Journal, cr in some other Newspaper as aforesaid, and also by fending Notice as aforesaid to the said Duchy Office.

VE And whereas it may storten the Boundary Fences between the Lands lying in the said Parish of Mere, and the Lands lying in the Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, if the said Commissioners were enabled to cause such Fences to be carried in such Direction as they shall think moll proper and convenient for shortening and making the same regular; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the said Manors, and with the Consent in Writing under the Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners interested in any Common or Wade Lands adjoining to the said Parish of Mere, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds upon which such Fence or Fences is or are intended to be made, to set out, ascertain and determine the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and the Lands and Grounds in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary Fences shall be set out, ascertained and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, in such Manner and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award, order and direct; and such Fences shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundary and Boundaries between the said Parish of Mere and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Usage or Cullom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or in any Part or Parts thereof, or in the said Division and Allotments, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they, or any of them shall have, or claim to have, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue

of

66g

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

of this Act, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotment, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize and empower the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-jeCIion or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act, lee cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over ruled; and in case the Person or Persons, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refute to pay the fame on Demand, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, alter deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Lands, Fields, or Inclosures, being the Property of Two or more Persons, within or belonging to the said Parish of Mere, within one Fence, whether such Properties belong to different Lords or Landholders in Fee, or are held of One Lord or Land Owner by different Copies of Court Roll, or Leases for a long Term of Years, or determinable on the Death of One or more Life or Lives, or by any other Mode whatsoever, whereby the Duration of Inte-relt is different or uncertain, and all Lands heretofore given up or relinquished, or agreed to be given up or relinquished, by the former Owner or Owners, or reputed Owner or Owners of the late disafforested Ground of Gillingham, in the County of Dorset, to the Tenants, Freeholders, Inhabitants and Poor of the Parish of Mere aforesaid, or any of them; and all Open or Commonable Lands, set out, or held in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, within the Parish of Mere aforesaid, shall be considered as Commonable Lands, and be divided and allotted accordingly, by virtue of and under the Powers and Authorities of this AC!; and in such Cases where Allotments are made to Persons holding Elfates for different Terms, under the fame Lord or Land owners, the said Commissioners shall in their Award declare to which Estate the respective Allotments do severally belong; and that all Inclosures, which have at any Time been made in the said Common Arable Fields, and which do not adjoin to a publick or other sufficient Road, shall be deemed to be allottable Land, within the Meaning of this Act, unless the Proprietors

[Lee. £5’ Per.] 8 G of

Commissioners to afie£a Colls.

Certain Lands liable to be allotted, ascertained.

670

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

of such Inclosures are possessed of other allottable Land sufficient to make a Communication to the said Inclosures.

Pifposal of Encroachments.

Commissioners to make a Survey, and determine Differences.

Commissioners to direct what inclosed Lands may be surveyed.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments and Inclosures, made in, upon, and from any of the said Open and Commonable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Space of Twenty Years next before the passing of this Act, (except such as have been made by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manors, or any or either of them, or their Tenant or Tenants respectively, by their Authority, adjoining the Freehold Lands of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively,) shall severally be deemed Part of the fame Open and Common Fields or Lands respectively, in or from which such Incroachments or Inclosures have been made, and shall be set out, divided and allotted as such, under this Act; or otherwise shall and may be set out, appointed and allotted to the respective Lord or Lords, Lady or I.adies of the said respective Manors, for or in respect of their Right of Soil, or other their respective Share or Proportion, to be set out or allotted for them, by virtue of or under this Act.j

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, as soon as conveniently may be, after they shall have caused a Survey and Admeasurement, and a Map or Maps, Plan or Plans, to be made for the Purpose of this Act, wherein shall be inserted the Parcels and Quantity of Land belonging to the several Proprietors, shall summon all and every the said several Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, by this Act authorized to be divided and allotted, to attend at such Time and Place, as they the said Commissioners shall appoint, by giving Fourteen Days previous Notice at the least, for that Purpose, in the Salisbury and Winchester Journal, and in the said Parish Church, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by affixing the like Notice thereof in Writing under their Hands, on One of the principal outer Doors of the said Parish Church, Fourteen Days at the least previous to the fame Meeting, and so in like Manner to the Surveyor General at Somerset Place aforesaid; and at such Meeting shall submit such Survey and Admeasurement, Map or Maps, Plan or Plans, to the Inspection and Examination of the said several Proprietors and Persons interested in the said intended Division, the better to discover and to correct any Error or Errors that may be therein, and to ascertain the specific and distinct Parcels and Quantities of Land belonging to the several Proprietors, by this Act authorized to be divided and allotted.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Act or this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require the said Commissioners or their Surveyor to make, or cause to be made, any Admeasurement, Plan, or Valuation of any of the Messuages, Cottages, Orchards, Gardens, Homesteads, ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds, hereby authorized to be divided and allotted, unless the said Commissioners shall deem such Admeasurement, Plan, or Valuation expedient for the Purposes of this Act.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 420 671

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per- Allowing son or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interested j^hu at in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be diffarisfied

with the Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Right or Interest in, over, or upon the said Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waite or other Lands, hereby authorized or directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next Assizes for the said County of Wilts, if the same shall not happen within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination; but if the said next Assizes shall happen within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination, then at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Wilts; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought, upon a feigned issue, again It the Person or Persons, Body Or Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and shall also, within Oue Calendar Month after such Determination, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of his, her, or their being so dissatisfied; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attorneys, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Iffiues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined; such Ilfue or lfiiies to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Ver-didts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Ver-dict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do; and also, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action or Actions, as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials; and such Allowances and Disallowances shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such Rights, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, hereby authorized or directed to be divided and allotted, which shall not be objected to in due Time, or, being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Death of Par-Action, Suit, or Proceeding to be brought or commenced in pursuance of n°l to this codings.

672

Allotments

to Lords of Manors for Rights of Soil.

Allotment to be made to the Vicar and Parish Officers of Mere.

Allotments for Stone, Chalk, and Gravel Pits.

Allotment of the Residue.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action or Proceeding shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed to set out and allot such Part or Parts of the said Common Paitures, hereby authorized and directed to be divided and allotted, called Mere and Zeals Commons, or by any other Name or Names, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be fair and equitable, not exceeding in Value One Twentieth Part of the said Common Pastures (after deducting the Public Roads to be set out therein), unto and for the several and respective Lords of the several Manors of Mere, Zeals C/evedon, and Zeals Aylesbury, in lieu of their Right of Soil in, over, and upon the fame respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed and required, in the next Place, to set out and allot any Plot or Parcel of Land, not exceeding Twenty Acres, in l'ome One or more of the Common Pastures, hereby authorized and directed to be divided and allotted, to the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, for the Time being, of the said Parish of Mere, to be held and enjoyed by them and their Successors for ever, in Trull, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, in such Manner and under such Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the said Vicar, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to set out and allot such Part or Parts of the said Common Downs and Common Pastures, hereby authorized or directed to be divided and allotted, as they shall deem expedient, as and for public Stone, Chalk, and Gravel Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the said Stone, Chalk, and Gravel Pits, to be used by the Proprietors or Occupiers of Lands and Estates within the Parish, for the Repairs of the public Roads and Purposes of Husbandry, and to allot the Ground, Soil, and Herbage of such Land, so to be appropriated for such Stone, Chalk, and Gravel Pits respectively, unto, for, or ainongll such of the Owners or Proprietors of Lands, authorized by this Act to be divided and allotted, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and order and direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next Place divide, set out, and allot all the Residue of the said Open and Common Arable Fields and Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Paitures, and Commonable Places, and other Lands, hereby authorized or directed to be divided and allotted, unto and for the several Owners, Proprietors, Lefiecs, and cullomary Tenants thereof, and Persons interested therein, in lieu of and in Proportion to their respective Lands and Rights of Common or other Rights therein; and that the fame Proportion of the Common Fields below the Hills and Downs, as to Quantity, Quality, and general Situation, be allotted to each Proprietor

14 as

6 73

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

as hi at present holds, as far as Circumstances and the Accommodation of small Proprietors will admit.

XIX. And whereas some of the Proprietors, Lcfllcs and other Persons interested in the Common Pastures, by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, whose Allotments thereof may be too small to bear the Expence of Inclosing, or for other Rcaions may be desirous of having Liberty to feed and departure their Allotments in Common under proper Regulations; be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to award, order and direct that all such of the said Allotments as they shall think proper and necessary shall be hereafter fed and depastured in Common, and may, by their Award declare at what Time or Times, and on what Contingency or Contingencies, those Common Rights, or any of them, shall or may respectively cease and determine; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to direct that the same shall be opened, flocked, and depastured, and also be shut up»and unftocked on such Days, and at such Times yearly, and with such Sort and Number of Neat Cattle, Sheep, and other Stock, for the Share and Proportion of each Proprietor or Owner therein respectively, and under and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Restrictions as the said Commissioners shall judge most equitable and beneficial for the several Parties interested therein, and as they shall inl'ert in their said Award.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall as soon after the passing of this Act, as conveniently may be, by some Writing or Writings, under their Hands, to be published in the said Parish Church of Mere, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and also to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors of the said Church, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used in, over and* upon the Lands and Grounds, by this Act authorized or directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, as well with respect to the laying down the fame with Corn or Grass Seeds, and the Plowing, Fallowing, Pilling, Manuring, and Mowing thereof, as to the Stocking, Depasturing, and Unftocking the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, and by such Writing or Writings, or any other Writing or Writings, under their Hands, to be published and made known as aforesaid, shall and may make such Orders and Regulations touching the Con-dust of the Farmers and Tenants of the said Lands and Grounds, and the Seeding of the fame, as may prevent them from committing Waste, De-struction or Damage upon any of the said Lands and Grounds in the mean Time, and until the Allotment and Division thereof shall be effected; and all such Orders and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons interested, their Farmers and Tenants; and the said Commissioners shall set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding for any One Offence the Sum of Five Pounds per Acte, on each and every Perl'on not conforming to such Orders and Regulations as they shall think necessary; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied by them in Aid of the Expences of passing and executing this ILoc. tfPer.-] BH Act,

For depafl tiring Allotments in Common.

Directing the Course of Husbandry.

674.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Act, and not otherwise; and the same shall be respectively recovered and recoverable in a summary Way before One or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Wills, who is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint made before him, to summon the Party complained of, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and proceed to a Judgment and Conviction thereon; and if any such Penalties or Forfeitures shall have been adjudged to have been incurred, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to cause such Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, together with reasonable Costs, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

Commission-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, ers may and they are hereby authorized and required to order and direct, that

direclF»ncing such of the Allotments in the Common Meadows and Common Pastures,

laments'A1" anc^ Allotments in the Arable Fields, as they shall judge proper

1 ’ and necessary to be inclosed, shall be fenced with Ditches and Quickset

Hedges on the outward Boundaries thereof, by and at the Expence of the Proprietors, Lessees, or Persons to whom the same shall be respectively awarded (other than and except the Rector and Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, for or on account of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to them respectively in respect of their Glebe Lands;) and all such Fences shall be made in such Manner, and within such Time, and

in such Shares and Proportions, and by such Person and Persons, and shall thereafter be repaired, maintained, and preserved, in such Manner and in such Shares and Proportions, and by such Person and Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct: and appoint; but that all the other Allot-: ments in the Arable Fields, and all Allotments oil the Downs, may be inclosed or left open at the Discretion of the Proprietors thereof.

For vacating

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all or any Leases or other Hack SRent Agreements at Rack Rent, now fubiifting of or respecting any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted pursuant to this Act, or of or respecting any Messuages, Buildings, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or old inclosed Lands held with the fame, or of or respecting any Lands or Hereditaments which shall be exchanged by virtue hereof, shall (in case the said Commissioners shall think fit and proper) cease, determine, and be utterly void, at such Time or 'limes, and in such Manner and Form, and with such Addition or Abatement of Rent, or other Satisfaction, as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, order and appoint; and the Lessors or Owners of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in such Leases or Agreements, shall pay or receive such Sum or Sums of Money, or make or receive such Satisfaction to or from their Lessees or Tenants respectively, as the said Commissioners shall judge to be a proper Equivalent for vacating such Leases or Agreements respectively; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to order and direct such Payments and Satisfaction to be made accordingly: Provided always, That where any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall have been exchanged by virtue of this Act, which Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be under Lease, or wholly situate in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such Lands Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall not be vacated or determined.

4'/° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 675

XX1IT. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fur Formaking the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tone- Exchange*, ments, Rights, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Mere, in Lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements,

Rights, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Pari (It, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Manor, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, seized of all the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands,

Committees, or Attornies of, or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who, at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be reflectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself or herself; such Consent to be testified in Writing, under the Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every Exchange and Exchanges, so to be made, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes: Provided always, That no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held under his said Royal Highness, without the Consent testified as aforesaid, of his said Royal Highness, or of his Successors; and no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid, of the Patron of such Church, Chapel, or Benefice, and also of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged, shall be situate.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges and Ex- Expences of peuces, attending the making of any Exchanges or Partitions by virtue of Exchanges this or the said recited Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several *° b® J>°rue. Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner, and in in>’etr^e(jlrLies such Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall order or direct, (due therein. Regard being had to the Provisions and Exceptions herein mentioned as to

his said Royal Highness and his i’ucedlors).

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Commission-nnd may from Time to Time, as they shall find convenient, deliver to the ""‘"deliver several Persons interested in the several Divisions and Allotments, to be o^vner* of° set out under this Act, Possession of their respective Allotments; and such Allotments. Possession so delivered shall be kept and maintained by the several Persons

entitled thereto, although the Award of the said Commissioners shall not then have been made and executed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Costs, Charges por paying and Expences incident to the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of the Expences purveying, admeasuring and valuing, dividing, allotting, and inclosfng, the of the Act. said Open and Common Fields or Lands, hereby authorized to be divided,

allotted,

678

menti with Expence s 9 &c.

Powers for Persons holding under the Prince of "Whies to borrow Money.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

imil Grounds to be divided and inclosed, shall be made by virtue of this Act, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives only, or for Years determinable upon One or more Life or Lives, and to and for the Husbands of all Femes Covert, and all other Persons being Or acting as Guardians, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies of or to any Minors, Idiots, or Lunaticks, or Persons beyond the Seas, or under any Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made of the said Open and Common Fields or Lands, and to and for all Trustees for charitable Uses, by and with the Content of the said Commissioners, to be teltified in Writing under their Hands and Seals, either in and by their Award, or in and by any Deed or Instrument to be executed by them, (and which Content the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to give, from Time to Time) to charge the Lands which shall be allotted to such Persons respectively as aforesaid (save and except the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, of the Lands and Hereditaments holden or to be holden under his said Royal Highness, within the Manor of Mere aforesaid, for or in respect of such Lands, the Manner of charging such Lands being herein specially provided for), with such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, as shall be necessary for the Purpose of defraying such respective Shares or Proportions"of the Colls, Charges, and Expences, as shall be directed by the said Commissioners to be paid by such Persons in Manner herein-fcefore mentioned; and for securing the Repayment of such respective Sums of Money with Interest, to demise dr grant for any Term or Number of Years the Lands so to be allotted as aforesaid, unto the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Admirtistrators, or Af-signs, so as such Grants or Demises respectively be made with a Proviso or Condition loctafe and be void, or on ail express Trull to be surrendered, when the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and so as in every such Demise and Grant which shall be made by such Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on ohe or more Life or Lives, or by any Husband, Guardian, Committee, Trustee, or Attorney as aforesaid, there be inserted a Covenant to pay and keep down Half-yearly the Interest of the Money thereby secured dining the Life or Lives, cr ether Estate and fotrreft for which the said Lands' to be charged, denflfed, or granted, shall be respectively held: Provided always, That no Person entitled to the Remainder or Reversion of the Lands so to be charged, demised, or granted, shall be liable to pay any greater Arrear of Interest of the said Money so borrowed, than for One Year preceding the Time that the 'fide of such Person to the Pof-session of the said mortgaged Premises shall have commenced; and that every such Grant and Demise, by way of Charge or Mortgage of the said Lands to be allotted in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

XXXI. And whereas the said Lessee. or Lord Farmer under his said Royal Highness, or some of the Proprietors of the said Allotments, held or to be holden under his said Royal Highness, or his said Lessee, may have Occasion tc borrow Money! or to advance Money to defray their Proportion of the Charges and Expellees of obtaining and execut’ng this Act in Manner aforesaid, and of inclosing their Allotments, and cannot by Reason of feme Impediment, Cuflnms, or Incumbrances, make an effectual Security thereon, to the SatisfadWott of a Mortgagee; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Proprietor of any Eitare,

to

47° GEORGII III. Cap,42.

to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made, »r who ffiufl be or become interested in the said Divition, Allotment, and Incloi'urc, by virtue of this Act, as a Tenant of His Royal Highness or holding of or under the said Manor of Mere; and for any Guardian, Husband, Committee, Trullee, or Attorney for any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, Person beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapaole to act for herl’ell, himself, or themselves; or for any Tenant for Life or Lives, or Leflfee for Years, whose Leases are not avoided by this Act; Trullee or Trustees for charitable Uses; or any Mortgagee or other Creditors in Possession of any of the said Lands and Grounds so leased or holden as la ft aforesaid, or any of them, to charge the said Lands and Grounds or old Iu-closures which shall be so allotted and awarded, or exchanged, to them as Tenants of His said Royal Highness, or holding of or under the said Manor of Mere, or otherwise as aforesaid, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, as the said Commissioners by 'Writing under their Hands shall direct or appoint, fqch Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall by any such Writing authorize to receive the lame, in order to be wholly applied to the Purpol'es herein-before mentioned; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, to make a Surrender or allign the Lease by or under which the said Tenements, Lands, or Grounds, so to be charged, are so held under his said Royal Highness, unto such Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums respectively for the Whole of their Interest therein; so as such Surrender or Allignment of Lease be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trull to be surrendered and vacated when such Sum or Sums of Money, with the Interest thereof, shall be paid; and every such Surrender or Allignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law: Provided also, that all and every such Sum or Sums of Money so to be advanced as aforesaid, shall remain a Charge upon the Lands and Grounds which shall be so surrended or assigned as aforesaid, until the same shall revert to his said Royal Highness or his Successors, unless the same shall be previously discharged.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That his said Royal Highness and his Successors, or his Lessee or Lessees, shall be answerable and subject, and liable to allow, in the setting of any future Fine or Fines, on any Renewal or Renewals, Exchange or Exchanges, of such Estate or Estates, as fnaii be so held as a Part of his said Royal Iiighness’s Post'essions of his Duchy of Cornwell, so much but no greater or other Proportion of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised respectively, and charged upon the Owner or Owners of such Estates respectively, under the Authority and for the Purposes aforesaid, than what the said Commissioners shall in their Award affeis and allot as a fair and adequate Equivalent for his said Royal Highness’s reversionary Interest and Benefit of and in the 1'aidEff ate or Estates so held at the Time of their making such their said Award, and which said Proportion or Equivalent they the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered and directed to make and affeis accordingly, between his said Royal Highness and his Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, and such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Tenants of his said Royal Highness under the said Manor, according to the belt of their Ski’ll and Judgement; due Regard being had by them to the respective Rights and luterefls of each Party therein respectively at the Time of making the

iaine.

68o

Power to assign Mortgages.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42,

fame, and whether then held for One, Two, or Three Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years renewable.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, in possession of any such F. dates so held under his said Royal Highness as Lord of the Manor of Mere aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to renew on the dropping of any Life or Lives before the Expiration of any Term or Number of Years, lb as that the fame Ellate or Estates so held shall or may revert to his said Royal Highness or his Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, then and in every such Case, his said Royal Highness and his Successors, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, shall be wholly exonerated of and from the Payment of any Part of such Sum or Sums so to be raised, and so to be apportioned, in Manner and for the Purposes and Intent aforesaid, and all Interest in respect thereof; any Settlement, Will, Trull, Use, Reversion, Limitation, Surrender, Clause, or Condition, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Grant, Mortgage, Lease, Surrender, Assignment, or Demise shall be made by the Authority of this and the said recited Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Wriungs, by him or them duly executed, assigned, surrender, or transfer the Security or Securities or the principal Money and Interest thereby secured, and all his, her,’ or their Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, unto any other Person or Persons whomsoever, who may again in like Manner assign or be admitted to the fame, and so toties quoties; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Surrenderer or Surrenderers, Assignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators, and all Persons, claiming under them or any of them, shall and may use, take, and pursue all such lawful Methods, Courses, and Expedients, in Law and in Equity, or by the Custom of the said Manor of Mere, for the recovering and obtaining the Post'ession of the Premises so to be mortgaged, demised, assigned, or surrendered as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment of the principal Money or Interest to be thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are used, taken and pursued in all Cafes of the like Nature (except as against any of the said Estates so held under his said Royal Highness, which shall or may revert for Want of Renewal, in Manner as aforesaid); and that in all Cafes where the Estates so to be mortgaged, leased, surrendered, alligned, or demised, for securing of Money as aforesaid, and for the Purposes aforesaid, are held under his said Royal Highness or his Successors, as Lord of the Manor aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage, Lease, Surrender, or Assignment, shall be made by the Authority of this Act and by the Custom of the said Manor, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured from Time to Time upon the dropping of any One o’- more Lite or Lives, to renew, paying the Fine or Fines for such Renewal, under his said Royal Highness or his Successor , the Ellate or filiates wherein One or more Life or Lives may lb drop, as a Security to him, her, or them, for the Money lb lent and secured thereon, and so from. Time to Time as often as the fame may happen pending the Exiftencq.

0 of

’ GEORGII III. Cap. 4.2. 681

of such Security; and to charge the Sum or Sums of Money from Time to Time so paid for such Renewals, by way of Fine and Charges of taking up the fame, together with the Interest thereon, at and after the Rate of Five Pound- per Centum ptr Annum; and that no Estate or Estates, so in Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be redeemed or redeemable, until as well the said original Mortgage Money, and the Interest so secured and covenanted to be paid as aforesaid, as the said Sum or Sums of Money so to be pa-d for such Renewal, by way of Fine and Charges, with Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied; any Thing he eiu contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Allotments the . llotments or Allotment to be made to the Owners and Proprietors of to be held for Estates within the said Parsh of Mere, in Right or in Respect of any fame Freehold Meifu ges, Lands, Rights, or Interests, by virtue of this Act, the TandTia Hull, n on, and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commis- respect of honors, be deemed as Freehold Lands and held under the fame Rents which they and Services (if ay), and in the same Manner as the freehold Messuages, were mi^e-Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, in respect of which they (hctll be all it ed; and all and every the Allotments to be made in Right of or in respect of any Leasehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments by virtue of this Act, Avail from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken as and for Leasehold or Copyhold, and shall be held as such by Lease and Copy of Court Roll, at the Wi 1 of the Lords of the said Manor, and under and subject to the fame Tenures, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs and Services as the Leasehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments respectively for or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made are now held, as Part and Parcel thereof; and the Quantities in Acres, Roods, and Perches of such respective Allotments, with their respective Boundaries and Abutments, shall be described and distinguished from each other in the said Award of the said Commissioners, and in the Survey and Map to be made of the said Lands and Grounds; and that ail and every Person and Persons to whom any such Copyhold Allotment or Allotments shall be made, shall within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, be respectively admitted Copyhold Tenants to the Lands so allotted to them, without * paying any Fine to the Lord, paying only the accustomed Charges and Fees to the Steward and Bailift' of the Court of the laid"

Mgnor.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing v.’ilk and herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to make Settlement* void or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person having *°dbe or c’a'ming any Jointure, Dower, Debt, Portion, or Incumbrance, out of, a"e" e upon,or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and exchanged respectively in pursuance of this Act, but that the several Lands and Grounds so to be allotted or given in exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth be, remit in, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the lame shall be allotted or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall (land and be leifed thereof for such and the same Uses, Trusts, and Estates, and subject to the fame Wills, Settlements*Limitations Remainder. 6? Per-} 8 K ders,

ts 2 47.$ GEORGII III. Cup. 42.

ders, Charges, mtd Incumbrances, as' the fevehd Lands, Tchements, and Hereditament® for ur in respect of which fitch Alio;menrs or Exchanges mill be made as aiurefoid, would have been fiihject and liable to be charged with or afieded by in case this Act had not been made.

Directions

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made it by ,be Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the be"depot!ted. la’^ Ad, shall be deposited in the Parish Chest, in the Parish Church of Mere aforesaid, wherein the Papers and Books relating to the Laid Parish are usually kept; and that a true Copy thereof, together with the Map of the fame, aitetled by the said Commissioners, shall also be depo-' fired in the Office of the Duchy of Cornwall, for the Convenience of the ’ Officers of His said Royal Highness.

Persons ad- XXXVIIi. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall advance Yancing Mo- any Stun or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of obtaining and ney to be re- pajli»g this Act, or for the Use of the said Commissioners in carrying terest.'1' * the ^ame into Execution, ever}' such Person shall be repaid the fame, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the first: Monies that shall be received for defraying the Expends of obtaining and executing this Act, and which Sum and Sums or Money so advanced shall be and be deemed to be a Charge on the Monies to be received by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act.

Ccrr.miflioiL-

XXXIX. And be it further euaned. That once at lead in each and er> to account, every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the ptiding thereof), the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to than for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be lay them laid before any one or more of His Majesty's justices of the Peace for the said County of Huts, (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure), to be by such Justice or just ices examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by him or them Hated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such A ccounts shall be binding cm the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such iullice or Justices.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him,her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfu&nce of the said Act of the Foriy-lirft Year of His present Majesty, or of this Act, then and in such Case (except in such Cases where the Orders or Determinations of the said Commissioners are by 'he said Act or this Act directed to be final or conclusive, and except as to such Clauses, Matters, and Things as are herein before authorized to be tried or determined by an Like at Law} he, she, or rhey may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which -shall beholden for the County of Wilts, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have afifen, vfiving Thtrfv Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the said Commissioners-; and the Justices at the said General Quarter Sessions arc

heteby

Appeals to tite Quarter Scflioijs.

47 GEORGII UI2 42.' 683

lu’rfby required to hear and d ett-nnivie-the .]yl.at ter of every Such Appeal, atui make iucl\ Orders therein, and award finch Colts as to, them in their Discretion 11)3,11 ieem reasonable, and determined by their Order or Warrant to lev v the Colts which shall be ip awarded, by Did refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners ot inch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of fuel) Did refs and Sale; which Determination of the Justice3 shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable determined by Certiorari or any other Writ or Proceis whatsoever into any other of Id is Majesty's Courts at Westminster.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Saving the find prejudice, leflezi, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of His said Lights of |1,e Royal Highness, or his Successors, Lessee or Lessees, as Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Mere, of, in, or to the Seignories or Royalties inch Mere, dent or belonging to the said Manor (Cave and except the Right of the Soil of any of the Waste Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted); but that such Lord or Lords shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold Courts and receive Fines, and Quit-rents, Waifs, and Estrays, and enjoy all Royalties and Privileges to the fame Manor respectively belonging or incident thereto, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said Lord or Lords or his or their Successor or Successors might have held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had never been made.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the Saving the said recited Act contained shall prejudice or defeat the Right, Title, or Rights to the Interest of the Lord or Lords of the said respective Manors of Zeals Lord or Clevedon and Zeals Ayleftiury, and of the Farfonage of Mere, of, in, or to the Seignories or Royalties, incident or belonging thereunto respectively Zeals ch-ve-(lave and except the Right of Soil of any of the Lands and Grounds don and Zeals hereby directed to be divided and allotted), but that such Lord or AyLftory Lords shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold Courts and receive Fines and Quit-rents, Waifs, and Estrays, and enjoy all Royalties and Privileges to the fame Manors respectively belonging or incident thereunto, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said Lord or Lords or their Successors might have held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had never been made.

XLIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General Sav-snd Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies m2 of Politick and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, °'"cr 1 lghts* and Administrators, all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests (other than such as are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act), of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands and Hereditaments to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, as he, they, or any of them might or could have had or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.: ! 1:

684

Act to be

printed by the King’s Printer.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

XLIV. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str ah an. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

«*4HK* *

Cap. 43.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands, within the Parishes of Repps with Baftwick, and Eccles next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk.

[27th April 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Repps with Baftwick, in the County of Norfolk, divers Open Fields, Commons, Fens, Marshes, and Waste Grounds: And whereas there are within the Parish of Eccles next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk, divers Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And whereas Sir John Lombe, Baronet, is Lord of the several Manors of Fajlolfes, on the Part of Repps with Bailwick, and Owby, *on the Part of Repps with Bailwick, and Eccles next the Sea, in the said County, and as such is or claims-to be entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said Sir John Lombe, 'Thomas Francis, John Barbar Page, and divers other Persons, are respectively Owners and Proprietors of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, situate, lying, and being in the said Pa-rifties of Repps with Bailwick, and Eccles next the Sea: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually infected in Acts oflnclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas it would be of |~JLoc. iA Per.] 8 M great

690 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

great Benefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors of and Persons interfiled in the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds if the fame were divided and inclosed, and if the Fens, Marshes, and Waste Grounds ■: - were drained, and specific Parts and Shares thereof assigned and allotted

unto the several Persons interested therein, according and in proportion to their several and respective E hates, Rights, and Interests; but, as such Division, Allotment, Inclosure, and Drainage cannot be eifefted and established without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and C.onfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. General Com- an<^ ^y l'le Authority of the same, That Elisha Ds Hague, of the City of midioiiera ap- Norwich, Gentleman, Joseph Sewell of Cat ton, onA Anthony Atbill, of Eafi pointed. Dereham, both in the County of Norfolk, Gentlemen, shall be and they are hereby appointed general Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Fields, Commons, Fens, Marshes, and Waste Grounds,

• for draining certain Parts thereof, and for the several other Purposes of

this Act, and they are hereby authorized and directed to assign, set out, and allot the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, to drain the said Fens and Marshts, and to carry this Act and the said recited Act into Execution slave and except such Parts of the said recited Act as are hereby altered and varied; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, authorized and necessary to be done and executed by the said general Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and F.ifeft as if such Acts, Matters, and Tilings had been done by all the general Commissioners herein named or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned.

For appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the general Commissioning new Com- ers, herein named or to be-appointed by virtue of this Act, shall before the missioners. Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them die, or refufo, or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining general Commissioner or Commissioners, and he or they is or are hereby required, at any Time within Forty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to him or them, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint another Person, not interested in the Premises, to be a general Commissioner in the Room or Stead of each general Commissioner so dying, or refusing, or becoming incapable to act, and every general Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath or Affirmation prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution in all respects as if he had been named a general Commission^r in this Act.

Notice of

III. And be it further enacted, That the said general Commissioners General iWl and they are hereby required to cauft- Notice in Writing of the Time Commission- and Place or their first and every other Meeting for the Execution of this ers Meetings, Act, I0 be inserted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, if published and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfok, Eight Days at least before every ftichMeeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted)} and if at any Meeting appointe d

691

4t° GEORGII in. Cap. 43.

painted to- be'holden by the ibid general Commi dinners no more than One general •Gommifliowr fe.dl slitend, then and in such Case the general Com- One geHerai missioner aticiiding may'1 adjourn such Meeting to’such Time and Place Commission-wi;hiii either of the said Paiiihes of Ahpps with Bq/lwick, and Eccles next ermsy ad-rhe Sea, or within Light Miles of one of them, as he shall think moil con- j°urn-venient, giving- Notice of such Adjournment to the absent general Com--miiTioners.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices Other Notices necessary or requiitte to be made and given by the ibid general Commis- how to be burners in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall be made given.

and given by Advertisement in the said Norfylk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, if published, and if not then in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the ibid County of Norfolk.

V. And whereas it may ihorten the Boundary Drains or Fences between Forfhorten-the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided

and allotted, and the Lands lying in the Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, againstadioin-if the said general Commissioners were empowered to cause such Drains or ing Parishes. Fences to be made or raised in such Direction as they shall think most proper and convenient for shortening and making the same regular, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said general Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the bland or Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the said Parishes of Repps with Bq/lwick, and Eccles next the sea, or either of them, and also untler the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in any such adjoining Parish or Parishes, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such Drain or Drains, Fence or Fences, shall or may be intended to be made, to set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Drains or Fences to be made between the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid, and after such Boundary Drains or Fences shall be so set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be made in such Manner and at such Time or 7i:nes as the said general Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said respective Parishes of Repps with Bq/lwick and Eccles next the Sea, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons having Houses or Te- Limitation of nements within the said Parishes of Repps with Bq/lwick and Eccles next Right* of the Sea, which have been erected Forty Years, and in respect of which a Common. Right or Rights of Common upon the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds have been exercised during that Time without lawful Interruption,

shall on their preferring their respective Claims in the Manner prescribed in that Behalf, have and be deemed to have a Right or Rights of Common over and upon the fame in respect of such Houses or Tenements, and that the Owners of Lands in the said respective Parishes of Repps with Bq/lwick and Eccles next the Sea, whictri have not within Sixty Years now lad palt been Part or Parcel of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, shall on their preferring their respective Claims in like Manner have and

9 be

692 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

be deemed to have a Right or Rights of Common over or upon the fame respectively, for their Commonable Cattle, Levant and Couchant, upon their respective Lands. ,

Encroach-

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any

ments. Time within Thirty Years now last pad have been made upon the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds to be divided, allotted, andincloled by virtue of this Act (save and except such Parts thereof as have been inclosed by virtue of any Licence in Writing, or Consent, or Grant from the Lord of the Manors before mentioned, or either of them, and duly enrolled in the Court Books of the said Manors, or either of them), {Hall be and be deemed to be Part of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly by the said general Commissioners; and in case any Dispute shall arise touching any such Encroachments or the Extent thereof, every such Dispute shall be determined by the said general Commissioners.

Power to fell

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Cottages or other Encroach- Buildings shall have been erected upon any Part of the said Commons, Fens, ments where- and Waste Grounds, or upon any Encroachments which shall have been er^f^'mthe mac*e hereon within Thirty Years now lad pad (other than and except Owners any Cottages or other Buildings which shall have been ereited upon such

thereof. Parts of the said Commons, lens, and Waste Grounds, as shall have been

inclosed by virtue of such Licence in Writing, or Consent, or Grant as aforesaid), then the said general Commissioners ate hereby authorized and empowered, in case they shall think fit, to sell and dispose of such Encroachments whereon such Cottages or other Buildings shall stand, to the Owners of such Cottages or other Buildings, or any of them respectively, at such Pnce or Prices as the said general Commissioners shall deem fair and reasonable, and in and by their Award to set out and allot the same to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs accordingly; and the Monies arising from such Sale or Sales shall be applied in and towards the Payment of the Expellees attending the passing and executing this Act.

General Commissioners to settle Differences.

General Commissioners not to determine Titles.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between- any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotment, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning any other Rights, Intereffs, Shares, and Proportions which they or any of them shall have or claim to have of and in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall be lawful for the said general Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said general Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

General X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said general Commissioners

Commission- shall upon the Hearing and Determination oi' any Claim or Claims, Ob-e to affcls jcition or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Ail or of this Act, or upon the Hearing or Determination of any Dispute or DIffereijce as aforesaid, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall and

693

4.70 GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

and may be lawful to and for the said general Commissioners and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, affef's, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose favour any Determination of the said general Commissionets shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims,

Objection or Objections, shall be thereby difa! lowed or over ruled, or against whom the said general Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said general Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattel; of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering, the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so didrained and sold as aforesaid, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per- ?0Wp^'°s'\"0 son or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in- tIlae;r tereded or claiming to be inrereded in the said intended Division and Allot- Rights by ments, shall be dissatisfied with ahy Determination of the said general Com- an issue at missioners touching or concerning any of the Claims, Rights, or Intereds, Law‘ intended to be affected by such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by the said general Commissioners, at the then next or following Affixes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk-, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said general Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination of the said general Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, die, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame) and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action or Actions shall be binding, final, and concfufive upon all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Addon or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do in case the said Court shall think proper; and it shall also be lawful for the Court, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the said Court, the said general Commissioners shall and they [Lw. isf Per.] 8 N are

694

determination of general Commissionere to he final, i i not objected to or no Action brought.

If any of the Paities die Proceedings not to abate.

Disputes about Titles not to impede the Proceedings or the Execution of this Act.

NoFlags,&c. to be cut after the passing of this Act, without Leave of the general Commissioners.

For extin-guishing or suspending Rights of

47° GEORGII JII. Cap. 43.

are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Cdaim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said general Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or of any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided also, that if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act lit all die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be commenced or prosecuted touching or concerning the Title of any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in or to any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, in the said Parishes of Repps with Baji-wick, and Eccles next the Sea, or either of them, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said general Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said recited Act and this Act, but the Division and Allotments shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits, and the Allotment or Allotments to which such Suit or Suits shall relate, may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits shall become entitled to the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons from and after the passing of this Act to cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, take or carry away any Heeds, Rushes, Turf, Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said general Commissioners in Writing first had and obtained for that Purpose (which Licence the said general Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions as they ill all think proper to insert therein); and if any Person shall after the passing of this Act cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry' away any Reeds, Rushes, Turf, Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to such Licence as aforesaid, the said general Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath, shall and they are hereby required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomfever, to cause any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplufs (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Coifs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, and the Money so to be levied as last aforesaid shall be applied towards the Colls and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said general Commissionets, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times before the Execution of their Award, by Notice in

Writing

47° GGEORGII III. Cap. 43. 695

Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the Common Parish Churches of Repps with Bailwick, and Hempjiead, in the said County, to order and direct all or any Rights of Common or other Commonable Rights whatsoever, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof suspended, for and during such Time or Times as shall be expressed in such Notice, and that all such Rights as the said general Commissioners shall by such Notice order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of affixing such Notice on the said Church Doors cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said general Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and Jtop* U{Told * empowered, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Just ices of the Road«. Peace for the said County of Norfolk acting in and for the Division in which the Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths herein-after mentioned shall be situate, and not interested in the Repair of such Road or Roads,

Footpath or Footpaths, to flop up and direct to be discontinued any publick Road or Loads, Footpath or Footpaths through any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes of Repps with Bailwick, and Rccles next the Sea, or either of them, which to the said general Commissioners shall appear useless or unnecessary: Provided always, that such Order so to be made shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in the like Manner and under the fame Forms and Redactions, as if the fame had been originally made by such Justices aforesaid: Provided also, ^"0j,tllr] that none of the present Roads or publick Highways within the said Pa- to beftopped* riffies of Repps with Bailwick and Eccles next the Sea, shall be (hut up or until new discontinued until the Roads intended to be and remain publick Highways Roads be within the same Parishes, shall be let out according to the Directions of niadc-the said recited Act, and until the same shall be properly formed and made (afe and convenient for Idorfes, Cattle, and Carriages.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said general Commissioners Drainage shall make and ered and they are hereby authorized and required to make

and erect by such Agents, Workmen, and Labourers as they shall think fit to employ, all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines,

Bridges, and other Works in, through, upon, and over such of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, as are situate in the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick, or any other Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick which shall appear to the said general Commissioners to require to be drained, as they the said general Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient for effectually draining such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted as are situate in the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick, and such other Lands in the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick as in their Opinion shall require to be drained, and to ered or cause to be erected such Houses or Buildings for the Habitation of the Person or Persons who shall have the Care or Superintendance of the said Works of Drainage, or any of them, or for depositing Stores or Materials necessary for the making or maintaining of such Works, as the said general Commissioners

6g6

Allotment of tlui Open Fields.

Allotment for Right of Soil.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

missioners shall think proper, and also to make a Dyke through any Part of the said Commons, Fens, and Wafie Grounds in the said Parish of Repps with Bast Mick to the common River or Water adjoining rlv rcto, to be used as a common or publick Boat Dyke by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish of Repps with Bajiwick for the T me being, for the Conveyance of Com. Manure, and other Things, to and from the said River or Water; and that the said general Conunissioners shah set out and allot unto the Commklioners for Drainage herein-after appointed, the Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, Houses, Buildings, Boat Dyke, and other Works so to be made and eroded by them, a id such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper for the maintaining, repairing, or preserving of the fame; and also a Piece or Pieces of Land adjoining to the said Boat Dyke to be used as a publick Staithe or put 'ick Statthes by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Pardh of Repps with Bajiwick for the Time being, for the laying and de-poiiting thereon the Corn, Manure, and other Things which shall be conveyed or shall be intended to be conveyed to or from the said common River by means of the said Boat Dyke.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said general Commissioners shall, after they have set out and appointed the publick Carriage Roads and Highways through, over, and upon the said Open Fields intended to be divided, allotted, an d inclosed, assign, set out, and allot the said Open Field Lands unto and among!! the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all and every other Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right or Interef! in, to, over, or upon the fame or any Part thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the said general Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionable to the Value of and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Parts and Shares of and in such Lands, and his, her, or their respective Rights and Intereils therein.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said general Commissioners shall (after they have set out and appointed the publick Carriage Roads and Highways through, over, and upon the Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds within the said Parishesof Repps with Bajiwick and Ecries next the Sea) assign, set out, and allot unto and for the Lord of the aforesaid Manors of Fajiolfes on the Part of Repps with Bajiwick, Owby on the Part of Repps •with Bajiwick, and Eccles next the Sea, or any other Person or Persons being Owner or Owners of or entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted as in the Judgement of the said general Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Seventeenth t art of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and such . llotment or Allotments shall be a full Compensation and Recomp nee for the Right of such Lord or Lords of such manor or Manors, or of such other Person or Persons respectively in and to the Soil of the said Commons Fens, and Walle Grounds: Provided a'ways, that the said Allotment or Allotments shall be made and taken out of the Commons, Fens, and Wafie Grounds lying in each of the said respective Parishes for the Right to the Soil of the Time.

*4

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 697

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said general Commissioners Allotment shall in the next place assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords of the Poor the said Manors of Fajlolfcs, on the Part of Repps with Bailwick, and Owby, on the Part of Repps with Bailwick, and the perpetual Curate of the said vtith jjaR. Parish of Repps with Bailwick, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the wick.

Poor of the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick for the Time being, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds lying in the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick, as in the Judgement of the said general Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One fifteenth Part of the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds lying within the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick, and the said Allotment or Allotments shall, from and after the Execution of the Award herein-after mentioned, be vested in the Lord or Lords of the said last-mentioned Manors, and the said perpetual Curate, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick for the Time being for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the same Parish; and the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease or demise to any Person or Persons whomsoever any Part or Parts of the said Allotment or Allotments not exceeding One Moiety thereof, for any Term of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years, or to set out such Part or Parts thereof as they shall think proper, to be used as a Common of Turbary by such poor Persons as are herein-after mentioned, under and subject to such Rules and Restrictions as the said Trustees shall direct, so that in every such Lease there be referred and made payable to the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, by equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the best and moil improved Yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the said Allotment or Allotments, or such Part thereof as shall be thereby demised, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift in consideration of granting such Lease or Leases, and that in all and every such Lease or Leases there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations between Lessors and Lessees, and such Other Covenants and Stipulations, and such Security for the Performance of the fame, as the said "Trustees or the major Part of them shall think proper to be inserted therein, and the Rents and Profits arising from the Part or Parts of the Allotment or Allotments so leased or demised shall from Time to Time be laid out in purchasing Fuel, and such Fuel shall be distributed amongst the pqor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick who shall be legally settled and resident therein, and fhalTnot occupy Lands and Tenements of more than the Yearly Value of Five Pounds, in such Shares and Proportions, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Directions, as shall from Time to Time be made and prescribed by the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose, and not otherwise; and the Part or Parts of the said Allotment or Allotments which shall not be so leased or demised, shall be used and enjoyed solely and exclusively by such poor Inhabitants of the said Parish as aforesaid as a Common of Palture, in such Manner, at such Time or Times, and according to such Rules and Directions, as the said Trustees for the Time being or the major Part of them shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose and not otherwise: Provided always, that it shall and may be law- Lords of the ful to and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manors of Fajlolfes, on the Part ^an°aan of Repps with Bailwick, and Owhy on the Part of Repps with Bailwick, ana CumeTo aA the perpetual Curate of the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick for the Time by Proxy, being, to act in the Execution of the Trusts hereby reposed in them by \_Loe. 8 0 their

698

AUetmennU for i.jt Sand and Gravel pits, ice.

Allotment of the Residue.

In case any Person shall fell his Common Right, the Allotment to be made to the Purchaser.

47° GEORGII III. Cab. 43.

their respective Agents or Proxies, such respective Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writing under the respective Hands of such Lord or Lords and perpetual Curate for the Time being, and producing their respective Appoinunents at the Time of their acting by virtue thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said general Commissioners shall in the next place assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish oi Repps with Bailwick, such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, lying within the said Parish of Repps with Bailwick, not exceeding Two Acres, and unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Eccles next the Sea, such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, lying within the said Parish of Eccles next the Sea, not exceeding Two Acres, as the said general Commissioners shall think necessary, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for publick Sand, Gravel, Clay, and Chalk-Pits, and the fame Allotment or Allotments when let out shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said respective Parishes of Repps with Bajtwick and Eccles next the Sea, and their Tenants for the Time being for ever, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said general Commissioners shall by their Award appoint.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said general Commissioners shall then assign, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right or Rights of Common and other Rights or Interests in, to, over, or upon the fame or any Part or Parts thereof (except the Owner or Owners of the Soil in respect thereof only) in such Shares and Proportions as the said general Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Compensation and Satisfaction to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Rights or Interests therein: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons hath or have fold or contracted, or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the said Award, fell, or contract, or agree to fell his, her, or their Right, Interest, and Property in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said general Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs and Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid, and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may from and after the Execution of the said Award hold and enjoy the Lands so to be allotted to him or her as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor, at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act until the Execution of the said Award all the Arable Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted shall be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said general Commissioners shall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands appoint, as well with regard to the Hocking as to the ploughing, tilling, sowing, and laying down the fame; and in the mean time, and until such Direction or Directions shall be made, and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Arable Lands, touching or concerning any Allowance for ploughing, sowing Turnips or Corn, laying down with Grass Seeds, manuring or improving the said Arable Lands, or any Part thereof, the said general Commissioners shall on Complaint made to them hear and determine every such Difference or Di'pute; and it shall be lawful for the said general Commissioners to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Arable Lands, or any Part thereof, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, to any other Person or Persons in like Manner interested therein, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as they the said general Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said general Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the feme for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, by such Person and Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate (save and except the Rector of the said Rectory of Eccles next the Sea, in respect of any Allotment to be made to him in Right of the said Rectory, and save and except the Trustees for the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways* and Commissioners for Drainage, for or in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid), within such Time and in such Manner as the said general Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order, direct, and appoint; and the Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, which shall be made pursuant to the said Award shall at all Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair and cleansed by such Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as the said general Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct: Provided always, that convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the Fences and Inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award for the Paffitge of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages in and through the fame, unless the several Paities inte-relted shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up, and inclosed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said general Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parishes

of

69Q

General Commissioners to direct the the Course of Husbandry.

For fencing Allotments.

For leaving Gaps.

For allowing Exchanges to be made.

7Co 47° GEORGII lit. Cap. 43.

of Repps with Bnjlwick and Eccles next the Sen, or either of them, in licit of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parishes or either of them, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said general Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged., whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy oi England, or for Years determinable on an Life cr Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other XJfes, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchange* shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, I unaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise bcdifabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be teltified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively, and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Fxchar.ge shall be. made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice without the ! onfent tef-tified as aforesaid, of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, and the Patron of the Living in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall he or be situate: Provided also, that all Colts, Charges, and Expuices attending the making of any Exchanges and Partitions shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportion as the said general Commissioners shall by' their said Award order and direct.

Tenants to give up exchanged Lands having Satisfaction therefor.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant and Occupier under any Lcafe or Agreement for any Term of Years at Rack or extended Rent now subsisting of any old Inclosures which shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall immediately after the signing of the Award of the said general Commissioners, or within such further Time as the said general Commissioners shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose, deliver up the full and peaceable Possession of such exchanged Lands to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively exchanged; but the Tenants or Occupiers of such exchanged Lands shall receive from the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof such Satisfaction as the said general Commissioners shall nfeertain, order, direct, or appoint, to be paid to such Tenants respectively as an Equivalent for the Loss or Losses they shall respective'y sustain thereby; and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said general Commissioners and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Coffs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, can or may be raised and levied: Provided always.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Parishes of Repps with Bajlwich and Eccles next the Sea, and Part in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now fubhfting may be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease,; and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such lall-mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

XXVI. And belt further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases at Rack or extended Rent now substffing of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the said Parishes of Repps with Bajiwick, and Eccles next the Sea, or either of them, shall, as far as such Lease or Leases affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made of any Parc of the said Commons, Fens, or Waste Grounds, in respect of any such Messuages,

Lands, or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases, be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment or Allotments; and such Allotment or . Allotments shall be made apd assignejd unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all Right and Interest which may or otherwise might be claimed in or to the fame by virtue of such Lease or Leases; and the Person or Persons to whom the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases shall belong, as Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame under such Lease or Leases, as the said general Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct, for the Right of Common or any other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Commons, Fens, or Waste Lands, or any Part thereof, appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, as shall be dxtinguished by this Act; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to make any such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said general Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the tlfe and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds AIlotrnen.,

which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons for fliau bTof the or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds holdeh of fame Tenure any Manor or Manors, by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of the Lands

any Leasehold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of

any Right of Common or any other Right or Interest appendant or appur-tenant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall from and after the Execution of the said Award be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold respectively, according to the Tenure of the Lands for or in respect of which they were allotted, and shall be held accordingly, by and under the fame Tenures, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold or'Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, for or in respect whereof any such Allotment shall be made are now holden; and that all and every Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted as aforesaid, shall within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be ad-

[Lcc. fs5 Per.] 8 P mined

Leases void as to Allotment* of Common.

702

47° GEORGII III. C^.43.

niitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisiteto be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors as the said general Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct), but in case any Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Premises shall be allotted, shall die without AdmiiTion within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fine or Fines, and other Payments, shall be due and payable on the Admittance of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Premises; and after every such first Admittance the Copyhold Lands and Premises so to be allotted as aforesaid, shall at all Times thereafter be held under and subject: to the fame Tenures, Fines, and other Payments, as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements, in respect whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted, are now held under and subject to; and the said general Commissioners shall by their said Award determine, describe, and abut the Lands and Grounds respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold, and all other Lands and Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act (save and except such as shall be ascertained by the said general Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) shall thenceforth be deemed and taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Lands and Grounds, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents and Services as are now payable out of the respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof the same shall or may be allotted.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that every Proprietor shall Hand and be seised and possessed of the several Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds whereof such Proprietor was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said general Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotment or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

Wills and Settlements not to be affected.

Directions for defraying the Expences of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of inclosing and fencing the L ands w'hich shall by virtue of this Act be allotted to the Rector of the Rectory of Ecries next the Sea, and of inclosing the respective Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Sur-veyorsof the Highways of the said Parishes of Repps with Bajiwick, and Ec-ctes next the Sea, the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Repps with Bajiwick respectively, and to the Commissioners for Drainage herein-after appointed, as such Surveyors, Trustees, and Commissioners for Drainage, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending

the

47° GEORGII III. Cc.p.\i. 703

the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, embanking, dividing, allotting, and draining the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and also of opening and cutting any Drain or Drains necessary for the preserving and improving the said Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, or any of them, and ol preparing and inrolling the Award of the said general Commissioners, and the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences o f the said general Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said general Commissioners in and about the Premises, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads, and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said general Commissioners, and all other Expences of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, (save and except such Charges and Expences as shall be incurred by virtue of this Act after making the said Award) shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, to whom Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, (save and except the said Rector of the said Rectory of Eccles next the Sea for the Time being, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in Right of his said Rectory, and also save and except the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parishes of Repps with Bajiwick, and Eccles next the Sea respectively, and the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Repps with Bajiwick, and the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being, for or in respect of any Allotments which shall be made to them respectively as aforesaid; and also save and except such Persons whose respective Property in Lands or Buildings shall not in the Judgement of the said general Commissioners exceed the yearly Value of Five Pounds,-and who shall not in the Judgement of the said general Commissioners be Possessed of personal Estate of the Value of One hundred Pounds at the Time of making the said Allotments) in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and to such Person or Persons, as the said general Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Colls, Charges, and Expences according to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, then and in such Case the same shall and may be recovered in the Manner directed in and by the said recited Act.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so i)jrea;on, often as it may be necessary to charge any Lands or Tenements which shall for charging be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, and which are or shall be Copyhold or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Mort- wlt[l gage, for defraying any Share or Shares of such Colls, Charges, and Ex- MKnc<-s-pences as last aforesaid, then and in such Case such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, according to the Custom or Customs of the Manor or Manors whereof the same shall be holden by way of Mortgage for securing such Sum or Sums of Money and Interest for the fame, instead of being mortgaged and surrendered to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns for a Term of Years as mentioned in the said recited Act.

7°4 47° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof) the said general Commissioners ihnil and they counts before are hereby required to make a just and true Statement or Account of ;.il iifeter6 Yea * ^um an(^ Sums of Money by them received and expended, and due to mot . cm. t)jCinfor tilcir own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Ac.;

and such Staiement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before some one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, to be by Inin or them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Juiiice or Justices dated in the Book of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said general Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Statement or Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed, by such Justice or Proprietors Justices: Provided always, that the kid several Proprietors, rheir Attor-and Agents to nies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of pay their own them shall attend the said general Commissioners at any of their Meetings xpencts. {o ke ]10i(]en pursuant to this and the said recited Act.

F XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the

Interest on ° Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divi-Monevad- ded and allotted, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay vanced. any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the lame and the said recited Act into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid such Money, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the fame, out of the first V'o-ney that shall be tailed for the defraying of such Expences under and by virtue of this Act.

General Commissioners to lay their Ac-

General Commissioners to specify what shall be drained.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said general Commissioners shall, in the Award to be formed and drawn up by them pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, ascertain and describe such Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Repps with Bajlw ck, as shall in the Judgement of the said general Commissioners require to be drained by virtue of this Act, which Lands and Grounds so to be ascertained and described shall be for ever thereafter deemed to be the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act; and that the said Award shall, after the same shall be inrolled as directed by the said recited Act, be delivered tq and kept by such Person or Persons, or deposited and kept in such Place or Places as the said general Commissioners shall appoint.

Commissioners for Drainage appointed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the aforesaid Manors of Fajio/es, on the Part of Rep fit uiith Baf-twick, and Ouby, on the Part of Repps with Bq/lwick, for the Time being, and each and every Owner or Proprietor of Land, not exceeding Ten Acres, to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall from and after the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said general Commissioners be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of crashing the Lands and Grounds directed to be drained by virtue of this Act.

PDep"jyC lt

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commission- and for every such Commissioner for Drainage, by Writing under his or

ers for Drain- '

age.

47° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 43. 705

her Hand, from Time taTinie and for such Time as he or ffie shall think fit, to nominate and appoint an Agent or Deputy to ad in his or her Absence as a Commissioner for Drainage; and every such Agent or Deputy shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by whom he shall be so nominated and appointed, ad as a Comm iff) oner for Drainage, and shall have the like Power and Authority as the Person by whom such Agent or Deputy shall be appointed; but no such Agent or Deputy shall be capable of acting as Agent or Deputy for the Purposes of this Act for any more than One Commissioner for Drainage at any one Time;

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who for the Pogertoap-Time being shall be the bond fide Owner of more than Ten Acres of Land

to be drained by virtue of this Act may and every such Person is hereby m°(rlonei°s for authorized and empowered to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, Drainage. One Commissioner for every Twenty Acres of Land to be drained as aforesaid, of which he or file shall be the Owner, over and above such Ten Acres for which he or file is hereby appointed a Commissioner; and that such Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid shall, during the Pleasure of the Owner or respective Owners, and during the Time that the Person or Persons so appointing shall be Owner or Owners of such Number of Acres to be drained as aforesaid, likevvifebe and he and they is and are hereby appointed a'Commissioner and Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid f and shall have the like Powers and Authorities as if such Person or Persons so appointed were the Owner or Owners of Ten Acres of Land to be drained as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person so appointed shall be capable'of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act at any Meeting, whilst the Person by whom he shall be so appointed shall be present, save and except the Person by whom he shall be so appointed shall be Owner as aforesaid of Fifty Acres of Land to be drained as aforesaid; and no Person To appointed shall be' capable of acting as a Commissioner under the Appointment of anymore than One Person at any one Time.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of ^ommission-acting as a Commissioner fer Drainage (except it be in administei ing the era to take an Oath or Affirmation hereafter mentioned to any of the other Commissioners), ®

until he or ffie shall have taken the Oath following, or being of the People called Quakers, made Affirmation; videlicet,

* T A B. do swear, [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ *• affirmj That I will, without Favour or Aifeftlori, Hatred or Malice,

‘ truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge,

‘ execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities in the

‘ Execution whereof I shall at any Time aft as a Commissioner for Drain-‘ age, appointed in and by an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the ‘ Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for inclosi-1 ing and draining Lands within the PariJHcs of Repps with Baflwick, and

* Eccles next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk.

‘So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall and maybe lawful to and for any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage to administer, and such Commissioner for Drainage is hereby required lo administer the same to the other Commissioners. * — . -4

, ■-r [Loc.&Per.'] SQ XXXVIII. And

jo 6

Penalty on Persons ailing without beinff qualified.'

Times and Places of holing Meetings.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner for Drainage before he or she shall have taken the said Oath or made the said Affirmation, or if any Person not being duly qualified as required by this Act shall have acted or shall have appointed an Agent or Deputy who shall have acted as such Agent or Deputy in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wrjtminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he or she has taken such Oath or made such Affirmation, and is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath a died as a Commissioner for Drainage in the Execution of this Act, or had appointed an Agent or Deputy who had acted in the Execution of this Act; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and they are hereby required to hold their first Meeting for carrying this Act into Execution in the Parish of Repps with Bajiwick aforesaid, on the first Monday in the Month which shall next happen after the Execution of the said Award by the said general Commissioners, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall meet on the first Monday in the Month of June in each and every Year between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, in the said Parish of Repps with Bajiwick, which last-mentioned Meeting shall be called the General Annual Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage; an I the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may from Time to Time adjourn themselves to meet at any convenient Place within the said Parish, or within Eight Miles thereof, which they the said Commissioners for Drainage, or the major Part of them prefen t at any such Meeting, shall appoint; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners for Drainage at any such Meeting to act or to adjourn to another Day, (Two Commissioners for Drainage to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if they shall refuse or neglect to adjourn, or if any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall deem a Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary or proper before the Time appointed for the then next General Annual Meeting, or Meeting by Adjournment of such Commissioners, then and in every or any such Case any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may call a Meeting to be holden within the said Parish of Repps with Bajiwick, by Writing under their Hands, affixed to the Door of the Parish Church of Repps with Bajiwick aforesaid, and by pubhfhipg the fame in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in lbme other Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Norfolk, Ten Days at the lead previous to the Time of such Meeting, and no Act of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall be good or valid unless done at some publick Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, ffaveas maybe herein excepted) and that all Powers and Authorities granted to or vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may

47° GEORGII III. Cty.43. 705

from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than I hree; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall at all their Meetings in pursuance of this Act be allowed Ten Shillings each per Day out of the Monies toarife by virtue of this Act. and no more, towards their Expences, so that such Allowance do not in the whole exceed the Sum of Three Pounds per Day at every such Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage.

XL. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be Entries of made in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, of all the Acts, Proceedings, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the said Com- 8°°^ Evi. missioners for Drainage relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the dl'nce' Names of the Commissioners for Drainage who shall be present at the respective Meetings, and the same shall be signed with the Name of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for Drainage, and all such Entries being so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drain- Actions to be age shall and may sue andbefued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no in the Name Action that may be brought or commenced by or against the said Com- tlle CkA-missioners for Drainage, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Con-fenr of the said Commissioners for Drainage, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners for Drainage shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action \_as the Case may be], except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners for Drainage, and their Clerk for the Time being, in which any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall or may be made Plaintiff or Defendant [as the Case shall be]: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Commissioner for Drainage in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event cf any such Proceedings, he or she shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his or her being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for For appoint. Drainage shall and may at their fir A or subsequent Meeting appoint a Clerk ing Officers.' or Clerks, Treasurer, Surveyor, and such other Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove them or any of them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient, and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners for Drainage employed in the Execution of this Act as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper; and all such

Officers

I

7oS 47" GGEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall direc>, deliver to such Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they {fall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virfue and for the s of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together wiih the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or so such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers or Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath verify their said Accounts, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage is hereby empowered to administer) and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating" to the fame, or mall not deliver to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance' of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their reflective Hands, to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid such Commissioners for DrainageTnay and they are hereby authorized and empowered to. bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer "pr Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners for Drainage, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglectingSor refusing, shall be and reside, such Justices may and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refufifig or neglecting to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being found, to hear' and determine the Matter in a fumtnary way, and if upon the Gonfession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are Itereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be itt the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such justices may and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Biftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; arid if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of dist raining and felling the fame, or if it shall appear to such Justices upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer) that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account,

or

47# GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 709

or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as shall have been appointed by them to receive the same, within Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Aci, then and in any or either of the Oafe3 aforesaid such Justices shall commit any such Offender to the common Gaol or Kcufe of Correction for the said County of Norfolk, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise until he shall give and make a true and perieft Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners for Drainage, and shall have paid such Competition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners for Drainage are hereby empowered to make) and until he shall deliver up such Bx>k.-, Papers,

Vouchers, and Writing*, ?.9 aforesaid, or give Satisf tiion in respect thereof to the said Commissioners for Drainage: Provided always, that no such Person shall remain in Prison for a longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Works of Drainage shall be and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, P ans to be by such Agents or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, to support, Repair? maintain, repair, and improve all such D ains. Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices,

Engine--, Bridges, and other Works as shall be made or erected by the said general Commissioners in, through, over, or upon ihe Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining the fame, and from Time to T me to renew such of them as shall fall into Decay and become incapable of being repaired; and also to make and erect all such other Drain-, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works as shall appear to the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary for effectually draining the said Lands and Grounds, all which Drains,

Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works to be made or erected by the said general Commissioners, or by the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the Purpose of draining the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, the Boat Dike, and Staiihe to be allotted to the said Commissioners for Drainage, and the Right and Property in and to the fame, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and also the Piece or Pieces of Land to be set out and also.ted by the said general Commissioners to the said Commissioners for Drainage for maintaining, repairing, and preferring the Lime, shall be and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to ir.sure from Fire ail and every such Mills, Engines, Edifices, and Buildings, as shall at any Time or Times be erected by virtue of this ACT

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for To raise Mo-Drainage shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times after the r‘e7 foT . said Award of the said-general Commissioners shall be made and executed,-, y,^rk* at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this A cl, assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, with such equal and proportionable Rates and AtTefTments upon their respective Parts and Shares thereof as the? the said Commissioners for Drainage shall judge necessary \Loc. Per.'] 8 R for

47i GEORGII III.

fgr thi.n: iking, ntamwining, repairing, and fur-miming of the several Works fobthe Drainage. of lire said Lands and Grtmnis, or any Part thereof, and ior making any need! ary AlteraJons or Li\ia,rgcmcncs thereon or thereto as Occidion shall require, all which laid Rates, 'Paxes, and AfTciTments lhatf be collected by aa.l paid to such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Feltons, and at such Times, as they the said Conmtillioners for Drainage shall appoint, and shall be applied determined by them in Discharge of all such Expences as tlipy shall incur in the Execution of this Act.

Tenants to

XLV. And be it further enacted, That a!! Tenants and Occupiers of all

pay Taxes, and Angular the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act shall pay and are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sums of Money as shall be so assessed on the Lands in their respective Occupations by the said Commissioners for Drainage to the Collector or Collectors, or ether.Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Purpose of receiving the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for evcj-y such Tenant and Occupier to deduct and retain the fame out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents; and the several Owners are hereby requ ed to allow such Deductions, and every such Tenant paying such Rate or Affeilintnt ilvall be discharged of so much Money as the same shall amount to, as fully as if the lame had been paid to his or her Landlord.

For Recovery XL

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners,

of Taxes. Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make Default in Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be aifolfed, rated, taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them, for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, and shall continue in such Default for the space of Ten Days next after the Time appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage lor such Payment, and after Demand of such Rates or AlTejTmems made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Writing left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of such O wher cr Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, who is, are, or ought to pay the fame, or if such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall not have any Place of Abode within the said Parish of Repps with Bajtwi(kt or within Two Miles of the fame, then after Demand made by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Notice in Wi lting affixed on some coalpicuous Part of tile Premises chargeable with such Rates and Affefiineuts, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid. by viitufc of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more af the said Commissioners for ’Drainage (which Warrant or Precept such Two or more of the said Commissioners lor Drainage are hereby empowered and required to make and give, as there shall be Occasion, though not. alfembltd at,any Meeting in pursuance of this Act), to enter tlito and upon all or any Pair of the Lauds and Grounds so rated and affiled ;ag afertiaid, and into ana upon ail or any Messuages or Tenements thereupon Handing, and there, or i:i any Part or Parts of the Lands, Grounds, MdTuages, or Tenements upon which such Entry shall be made t-o.tjiilra';' ail.'or. any such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle as shall be there " / * " found;

47° GEORGII 511. Cap. 45. 711

found; 'and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods,

Chattels', or Cattle so distrained on any Part or the Messuages or Lands wherein the same shall be found, or othcnvife to take, lead, drive, or carry away, and keep the fame for the space of Five Days, leaving Notice in writing of the Cause of such Distrc-fs or Distretfes at the Messuage or Tenement, Messuages or Tenements, or in some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall Ire taken, or otherwise at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods,

Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods Chattels, or Cattle io didrained, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained' for as aforesaid, together with the Coils and Charges of such Warrant, and taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle so distrahied, according to tile Laws now in force for Non-payment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels, and Cattle lb di drained, shall be appraiied by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be lvvom determined by the Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who is hereby authorized and required to adminiiter an Oath for that Purpose) to appraile the fame according to the belt of their Judgement; and that after such Appraisement as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for Payment ofibe laid Sum or Sums of Money so affeifed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Colls and Charges and also of the Colls and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress; and that the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any) after Payment of the said Sum and Sums of Money, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of rands un-the said L nds or Grounds to be drained as aforesaid shall at'any Time here-' tenanted to after be untenanted or unoccupied fothat nofufficrent Distress can be made af for levying the said Rates and Assessments, then the Lands and Grounds the FLates^ chargeable therewith shall remain a Security for Payment of such Rates and Assessments, and all Goods, Chattels, and Catde 'which shall at any Time thereaiterbe found thereon shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, anxlfolJ in Manner aforesaid until such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Charges incident to such Diltreislhall be fully paid and satished.

XLVill. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall P n, wilfully and muSciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or deltrov fordeiW any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Tunnel inS Works, already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or crafted fu ported, maintained, or used for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being eonvided, shall be guilty of Felony, and tile Court before whom such Person or Persons shall Be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

712

Penalty on Persons damaging

Works.

Penalty on Neglect to cleanse X) itches.

No Trees to be planted or Buildings erected •within ioo Yards of any Engines to be erected by this Act,

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.3.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or PetfoRS shall wilfully or maliciously Hop, dam up, cr damage any Drain, Watercuorfe, Dam, Bridge, Stile, or other Work or Works which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supporred, maintained, or used for any of die Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Just ices are hereby authorized to administer), shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, and such Money when so levied shall be paid to any One or more of the said CommuTioners for Drainage, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied towards the Discharge of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and for want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall by the said Justices be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Norfolk for any. Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

L. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of the Lands ;nd Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, to which any Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to fcoui, cleanse, open, or repair any such Ditch or Drain, or to make the fame of a sufficient Depth and Width after Ten Days Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpose, by the Collector or ether Officer appointed under and by virtue of this Act (such Collector or other Officer having an Order in Writing for that Purpose under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage), every such Owner or Owners shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings for every Rod of the Ditch or Drain so neglected to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, or widened; and it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time for such Collector or other Officer to cause such Ditches and Drains at the Charge ami Expence of such Owners or Occupiers to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened in a sufficient Manner, and where a Way shall have been made over any Ditch or Drain without a sufficient Tunnel to cause such Way to be taken up, and such Ditch or Drain to be made of a proper Width and Depth, and by a Warrant or Precept under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage (which Warrant they hereby have full Power to grant, although they shall not be assembled at any Meeting under this Act) to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and such Penalties shall be ap-lied for the Purposes of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Tree or Trees shall at any Time or Times hereafter be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick erected or built, except by Order or Permission of the said Commissioners for Drainage, nearer to any Mill or Engine which shall be made, erected, or employed as aforesaid, than Two hundred Yards; and if any Tree or Trees shall be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick shall be hereafter

made.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 'tek n*l

made, crested, or built within the Distance aforesaid of any such Mill or the

Engine, and if the Owner or Owners of any such Tree or trees. Burn!- Coinmjflj()a.

in^ Stack, or Rick, {trail neglect to take down and remove, or cause to er#.

betaken down and removed such Tree or trees, Building, Stack, or

Rick, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing shall have been <nven to him, her, or them for that Purpose, or left at his, her, or their raft or usual Place or Places of Abode, signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, then and in such Case it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage to cause such Tree or Trees to be taken down and carried away, or such Building,

Stack, or Rick to be pulled down and removed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Grass and Herbage growing, Herbage^of arising, and renewing upon such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby &c-

directed to be divided'and allotted as shall be vested in the said Com- AnnUally> million era for Drainage, shall be let by the said Commissioners for Drainage at their general Annual Meetings to be holden as aforesaid, in case they shall deem it expedient to let the fame, for the belt Rent or Rents that can or may be gotten for the fame, and such Rents shall be applied by the said Commissioners for Drainage for the general Purposes of Drainage under this Act, in such Manner as they shall at such Annual Meedngs direct;

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Appeal to Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, Sessions. herlelf, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said general Commissioners as are by the said recited Act and this Act declared to be final and conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Iifue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned), then and in every such Case, he, ffie, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said general Commissioners, or any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said general Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for Drainage, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Commissioners for Draihage, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices not interested in the Premises at their said General Quarter Sessions, or at any future Sessions to which such Appeal may be adjourned, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties- concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorarir or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but in case any such Ap-■ [Loc. ft? Per.] 8 5 peal

Recover v of Penalties by Ditlrefs and Sale.

Or Offenders may be committed.

Form »f Conviction.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of

Form nor

4?, GEORGII III. Gap. 43*

peal fliiifl appear to the said Justices to be frivolowB, vexatious, or without J'otlndhtfen, then the said Just ices shall award fuel) Gofls to be paid by (he Appellant or Appellants as to tliern in their Discretion tliall seem rea-lonable,- and to be levied in Manner siforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and incurred (for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is herein-before directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Conviction of the Party or Parties, or on his, her, or their Confeffton, or upon the Evidence of One or more credible Witnel's or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) and the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be tendered to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Penalties and Forfe'tures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Commissionet's for Drainage, and shall be applied for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think fit; but nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage, at any of their Meetings, to pay or cause to be paid such Part of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informers, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think reasonable; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Norfolk, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or any Matter in pursuance thereof, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ DE it remembered, That on this Day of

« in the Year of our Lord

* A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty’s

« Justices of the Peace for the County of £as the Case shall beJ of having f as the Offence shall be~\ contrary to an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third intituled [here set forth the Title of the A£f\ and I [or, we] the said

* do adjudge him Cher, or, them] to forfeit and pay for

« the fame the Sum of Given under my Hand

« and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Determination, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, or other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order, Rate, or Assessment to be made, or any other Matter or

Thin;

n.

47° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

•Thing to be a one or tranLGed in or relating to the Execution of this Act, fini' be qui.filed or vacated for want oi Korin only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.; any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary thereof, in ar.ywii’e notwiihstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Did.refs shall be made for any Tax, Rate, or Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Abt, the Did refs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Panics making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers. on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Dill refs, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespafiers, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no AGion or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or 10 be done by virtue or in pursuanc.e of this AG, until after Thirty Days Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties aggrieved shall have been given to the Party or Parties complained of, or left at his, her, or their lafi or usual Place or Places of Abode, thereby setting forth the Cause of such AGion or Suit, nor after 1'ufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or the Cause of such AGion shall have arisen; and every AGion commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Tiling done in pursuance of this AG, shall be brought and laid in the said County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such AGion or Suit shall and may plead, at his, her, or their Election, specially or the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this AG as Persons aGing by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this AG, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such AGion or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, orgfter the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as afire said, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; and in all Cafes where a VerdiG shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, in any such AGion or Suit, or the Plain till or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be non-suited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants,

Avowant

7f5

removable

by Certiorari.

Difl refs not

unlawful for want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

>t6

Saving the Rights of the Lords of the Minora.

General' v Saving.

Declaring this Act publick.

47° GEORGII at. Cay. 43.

Avowant or Avowants, hath or' have for recOYering'Costs of Suit in an;

other Caffe hr‘Law.: 1 1 bin i' ~ t*.

V- . rtStitl - ...i ih v •> , .'a -

* LrX.‘‘Fro\n3etr ahv:iyv, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained fiialhpVejudice, left'en, or eh feat tire Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manors herein mentioned, or any of fhent, for the Time being, of, in, or to the Seignories or Royalties, Rights, arid Services incident or belonging to the said Manors respectively, but- that such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said •Manorsfor the Time being respectively'shall and may at all limes hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents, Courts, Perquisites, and Profits of Courts, Services, Frenchifies, Privileges, Waifs, Lftrays, Deo-dands, Forfeitures and all other Royalties, Rights, and Appurtenances to- such Manors, or any of them, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being respectively, incident, appendant, appurtenant, belonging or in anywise appertaining, (other than those which are intended to be compensated for, barred, or destroyed by this Act) in as full, ample, extensive, and beneficial a Manner as he, she, or they couL or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been passed.

LX. Saving-,always, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, Flis Heirs and Su celfors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body and •Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Ah lotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all such F.state, Right, Title, and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or ought to’have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted in case this Act had not been made.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be’.a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LON DjON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

