EAST INDIES.

ACTS of the Government of India, passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council, for the Year 1839.

F/.tsi Imlia House,

M Ft Li in*i y 18.} l. /

Ordered, by The House of Commons, be Printed, 11 February 1841.

AC TS of the Government of India.

ACT No. I. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council ACTS of 1839.

on the 4th February 1839. ----

T TT is hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of May next ensuing after ' 1 the passing of this Act, all Regulations and parts of Regulations of the Bengal code, which give to any persons or class of persons authority, by virtue of any office held by them, to sell property distrained for the recovery of arrears of rent, shall, so far as they give such authority, be repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that from the date aforesaid it shall be lawful for the collector or officer duly exercising the powers of a collector in each district subject to the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, to appoint, by a sunnud under his signature and seal, in the terms of the Schedule appended to this Act, and conformably to such instructions as he may receive in that behalf, any person or persons to exercise the function of selling property distrained for the recovery of arrears of rent in each pergunnah or subdivision of his district; and to authorise such persons to remunerate themselves by deducting a percentage, not in any case exceeding 10 per eentum on the amount of the proceeds of the sale.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that all Regulations and parts of Regulations of the Bengal code which give powers to, or prescribe rules for the guidance of persons appointed to conduct the sale of property distrained for the recovery of arrears of rent, or which assign any penalty or other punishment for misfeasance in the discharge of such duty, shall be applicable to all parties appointed for the sale of such property under this Act.

SCHEDULE.

I, A. B., collector of Zillah

(or exercising the powers of a collector), in virtue of the powers vested in me by Act No. I. of 1839, appoint you C. D., commissioner for the sale of property distrained for the recovery of arrears of rent, in the manner prescribed by the Regulations of Government. You are to reside at E., in pergunnah F., and are to exercise the authority vested in you by these Regulations, or by any others which may be hereafter transmitted to you for your guidance, in strict conformity thereto; and are to keep a regular and complete record of your proceedings, to be produced when called for by me, or by the courts of justice. You are hereby authorised to remunerate

yourself for your trouble by deducting and appropriating-per centum on

the amount of the proceeds of sale.

Bayer. Staats*

Biblio’hck

a 4*

ACTS of >839.

ACTS OF THE

ACT No. II. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 4th February 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that in all cases of fines by which offenders are or .may be punishable by any magistrate, according to the provisions of any Act heretofore passed or which shall hereafter be passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, it shall be lawful, in case of non-payment, if no other means for enforcing the payment are or shall be provided by such Act or otherwise, for the magistrate, by warrant under his hand, to levy the amount of such fine by distress and sale of any goods and chattels of the offender which may be found within the jurisdiction of such magistrate; and if no such property shall be found within such jurisdiction, then it shall be lawful for every such magistrate, by warrant under his hand, to commit the offender to prison, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour, according to the discretion of such magistrate, for any term not exceeding two calendar months, where the amount of the fine shall not exceed 50 rupees, and for any term not exceeding four calendar months where the amount shall not exceed 100 rupees, and for any term not exceeding six calendar months in any other case, the commitment to be determinable in each of the cases aforesaid upon payment of the amount.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that in all cases in which offenders are or may be punishable by any magistrate with fine or imprisonment, or both, according to the provisions of any Act heretofore passed or which shall hereafter be passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, and where the extreme amount of the fine or imprisonment is not specified, it shall not be lawful for the magistrate to impose any fine exceeding 200 rupees, or to impri-son the offender for any term exceeding six months.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that in all cases in which offenders are or may be punishable by fine before a magistrate, according to the provisions of any Act heretofore passed or which hereafter shall be passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, it shall be lawful for the magistrate, and he is hereby required to receive proof of the commission of the offence upon oath, or upon solemn affirmation in cases where a solemn affirmation is receivable by law instead of an oath.

IV. And it is hereby declared and enacted, that in this Act and in all Acts heretofore passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, the terms “ fine” and “ fines” shall extend to all “ penalties” and “ forfeitures,” and the term “magistrate” shall extend to all “joint magistrates,” “persons lawfully exercising the powers of a magistrate,” and “justices of the peace.”

ACT No. III. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 18th February 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted and declared, that within the British territories under the government of the East India Company, no person whatever is or shall be, by reason of place of birth or by reason of descent, in any proceeding whatever connected with arrears or exactions of rent, excepted from the jurisdiction of the Revenue Courts, anything in Act No. XI. of 1836 contained notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that no such proceeding which may have been instituted before the passing of this Act in any such court, and no decree which may have been passed before the passing of this Act in any such proceeding by any such court, shall be treated as invalid by reason of the place of birth, or by reason of the descent of any party to such proceeding or to such decree.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that within the said territories no person whatever shall, by reason of place of birth, or by reason of descent, be, in any civil proceeding whatever connected with arrears or exactions of rent, excepted from the jurisdiction of the Courts of the Moonsiffs.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

3

ACTS of 1839.

ACT No. IV. op 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 18th March 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that if any person shall within the jurisdiction of the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore and Malacca, steal the whole or any part of any growing tree, sapling or shrub, or any underwood, or the whole or any part of any pale, post or style, or any growing cultivated plant, root, fruit or vegetable production, or shall unlawfully and maliciously commit any damage, injury or spoil to or upon any real or personal property whatsoever of a private nature, every such offender, being convicted thereof before a Court of Quarter Session, shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay over and above the amount of the injury done, such sum of money, not exceeding 200 rupees, as to the Court of Quarter Session shall seem meet, and if any person so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any of the said offences, and shall be convicted thereof in like manner, every such offender shall, for every such subsequent offence, be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term, not exceeding six calendar months, as the Court of Quarter Session shall think fit.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that every sum of money which shall be forfeited for the amount of any injury done (such amount in each case to be assessed by the Court of Quarter Session, but not to exceed 200 rupees), shall be paid to the party aggrieved, if known, except when such party shall have been examined in proof of the offence; provided always, that when several persons shall join in the commission of the same offence, and shall, on con- ^ viction thereof, each be adjudged to forfeit a sum equivalent to the amount of the injury done, in every such case no further sum shall be paid to the party aggrieved than that which shall be forfeited by one of such offenders only.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that in every case of conviction under this Act, when the sum which shall be forfeited for the amount of the injury done, or which shall be imposed as a penalty by the said Court of Quarter Session, shall not be paid, either immediately after the conviction or within such period as the said court shall at the time of the conviction appoint, it shall be lawful for the said court to commit the offender to prison, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with hard labour, according to the discretion of the said court, for any term not exceeding two calendar months, when the amount of the sum forfeited, or of the penalty imposed, or both (as the case may bej, together with the costs, shall not exceed 50 rupees, and for any term not exceeding four calendar months when the amount, with costs, shall exceed 50 rupees but shall not exceed 100 rupees; and for any term not exceeding six calendar months in any other case; the commitment to be determinable in each of the cases aforesaid upon payment of the amount and costs.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that in case any person convicted < f any offence, by virtue of this Act, shall have paid the sum adjudged to be paid, together with the costs under such conviction, or shall have suffered the imprisonment awarded for non-payment thereof, such person shall be released from all further or other proceedings for the same cause.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that every punishment and forfeiture by this Act imposed on any person maliciously committing any offence, shall equally apply and be enforced, whether the offence shall have been committed from malice conceived against the owner of the property in respect of which it shall be committed or otherwise.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that where the stealing of any property is by this Act punishable either for every offence or for the first and subsequent offences, any person who shall receive any such property, knowing the same to be unlawfully come by, shall, on conviction thereof, in like manner as the principal offender, be liable, for every first and subsequent offence of receiving, to the same forfeiture and punishment to which a person guilty of a first or subsequent offence of stealing is by this Act made liable.

;>9- VII. And

4

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1S3Q. Yu. And it is hereby enacted, that the Court of Quarter Session established by the letters patent establishing the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales* Island, Singapore and Malacca, bearing date the 2/th day of November 1826, shall sit for the purpose of hearing and determining matters made offences by this Act, at each station of the said settlements, not less frequently than once in 34 days; provided always, that no court shall be holden excepting in the presence of one of the judges of the Court of Judicature, and that no justice of the peace, being a proprietor or renter of a spice plantation or otherwise directly interested in the enforcement of the provisions of this Act, shall sit and have a deliberative voice in such Court of Quarter Session when held at a station where such justice may be so interested.

ACT No. V. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 18th March 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for any magistrate or justice of the peace of the settlements of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore and Malacca to grant a warrant or warrants to any peace or revenue officer or officers of the said settlements, empowering him or them by day or by night (but if between the hours of 11 o’clock at night and five in the morning, then the warrant to be executed by or in the presence of a peace officer), to enter and search any dwelling-house, shop, or other building, in any case in which there shall appear to such magistrate or justice, of the peace, upon the oath of any party, good and sufficient cause to believe that in any such dwelling-house, shop, or other building, there is deposited or concealed any article or articles the exclusive privilege of preparing or selling which has been farmed out to any party or parties whosoever by the East India Company, under Regulations Nos. II. III. IV. and V. of 1830, passed by the late Governor in Council of the said settlements of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore and Malacca, and also under Regulation IV. of 1831, passed by the Vice-President in Council on the 18th of October 1831, and also under Regulations X. and XI. of 1833 respectively, passed by the Governor-General in Council on the 9th of September 1833, and to seize and take possession of any such article or articles as may be found so deposited or concealed therein, and it shall be lawful for any officer to whom any such warrant shall be granted, and he is hereby authorised in case of resistance, to break open any floor, and to force and remove any other impediment or obstruction to such entry, search, or seizure and removal as aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that any person or persons found committing any act in contravention of any of the provisions of the said Regulations may be immediately searched without a warrant by any peace or revenue officer; provided always, that the person to be searched may demand to be taken before some neighbouring magistrate or justice of the peace, who shall determine if there be reasonable grounds of suspicion, and every such officer or officers as aforesaid is hereby authorised and required to take such person upon demand before a neighbouring magistrate or justice of the peace, detaining such person in the meantime ; and if any person shall obstruct any such officer or officers in making any such search as aforesaid, every such person shall be subject, on conviction before a magistrate or justice of the peace, to a fine not exceeding 100 rupees, such fine to be commuted in case of non-payment to imprisonment for any period not exceeding three calendar months.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that if any peace or revenue officer shall

maliciously and without reasonable grounds apprehend or detain any person or persons on the plea that such person or persons have infringed any of the provisions of any of the said Regulations, it shall be competent for any magistrate or justice of the peace to hear the complaint, and if necessary to adjudge the offending officer or officers to pay a fine not exceeding 100 rupees, such fine to be commuted, in case of non-payment, to imprisonment for any period not exceeding three calendar months. '

IV. And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

5

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that in case any officer committed under the preceding section shall have paid the sum adjudged to be paid by him, or shall have suffered the imprisonment awarded for non-payment thereof, every such officer shall be released from all further or other proceedings from the same cause.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that no peace or revenue officer of the said settlements shall be competent to act under the provisions of this Act, unless appointed specially so do in writing by the principal civil authority of the station where such peace or revenue officer may reside, which authority shall be duly registered at the police-office of the said station, and liable to be annulled at the pleasure of the said resident councillor.

ACT No. VI. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 18th March 1839.

I. THE existing Charter of the Bank of Bengal having been found in many respects inconvenient and imperfect, the members of the said corporation have by their directors applied to the Governor-General of India in Council' for the amendment thereof, by a new Charter or Act of Incorporation, tendering the surrender thereupon of the said Charter, and the Governor-General in Council having assented' to such surrender, and to the continuance of the said corporation as hereinafter declared, it is hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of May next after, the passing of this Act the Charter of the said Bank of Bengal bearing date the 29th May 1823, and the Acts No. XIX. of 1836 and No.

XXIV. of 1838 relating thereto, shall respectively cease to have effect, and the same are hereby from that day cancelled, save as to such particulars as are herein mentioned or referred to.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the persons who at the time of the determination of the said Charter and Acts aforesaid shall, under the provisions of the said Charter and Acts, be the proprietors of the capital stock of the said Bank of Bengal, shall, notwithstanding the determination of the said Charter and Acts, continue to be a corporation, body corporate and politic, by the name of the Bank of Bengal, with perpetual succession to them and their successors, proprietors for the time being of the said bank as hereinafter mentioned, and to possess and enjoy all the rights, privileges and immunities incident by law to a corporation aggregate.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that all property and securities for property, claims and demands whatsoever now vested in or held by the said Bank of Bengal, under and by virtue of said Charter and Acts, shall immediately on the determination of the said Charter devolve on and become vested and continued in the Bank of Bengal, so continued and incorporated by this Act as aforesaid, and that the said Bank of Bengal, so continued and incorporated as aforesaid, shall be subject to all debts, demands, claims and liabilities outstanding against the said bank at the time of such determination of its said Charter as aforesaid, and that no suit or proceeding at law or in equity then pending shall cease or abate in consequence of such determination of the said present Charter, and of such renewal and continuance of the said bank by virtue of this Act.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that the said bank so renewed and continued shall and may sue and be sued by its corporate name aforesaid, and shall and may have and use such common seal as the directors of the said bank shall from time to time appoint, and shall be competent to acquire and hold, either absolutely or conditionally, for a term or in perpetuity, any description of property whatever, and to transfer and convey the same.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the capital stock of the said bank, as constituted under the said present Charter and Acts, shall. On the determination of the same by virtue of this Act, continue to be the capital stock of the said bank so renewed and continued as aforesaid; provided, however, that it shall be in the power of the Governor-General of India in Council from time to time,

39* b by

ACTS of 1839.

6

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839. by resolution notified in the Calcutta Gazette, to authorise the said capital ~~~ stock to be increased, and to make such order and direction for the opening of

subscriptions towards such increase of capital as to him may seem fit, giving due notice thereof to the proprietors of the said bank for the time being, and allowing to them a period of not less than 12 months to fill up such subscriptions themselves, and likewise to prescribe in what manner and form the proprietors shall subscribe and pay into the said bank the proportions of new stock to which they may respectively be entitled, and to make such order and I

direction as to him the said Governor-General in Council may seem fit for the 1

disposal of the amount of new stock that may not be subscribed for and paid up in the manner and form so prescribed.

VI. And whereas the capital stock of the said bank, which by the said Act No. XIX. of 1836 was fixed at 75 lakhs of rupees, divided into 1,875 shares of 4,000 rupees each, has, by the Resolution of the President of the Council of India in Council, issued and notified to the proprietors on the 17th October 1838, in conformity with Act No. XXIV. of 1838, been ordered to be increased by one-half, and whereas a book is now open for subscriptions, and payment is now being made of such increased capital in the manner and under the terms and conditions authorised in the said Act No. XXIV. of 1838, and prescribed in the said order and notice of the President in Council, it is therefore hereby enacted, that the capital stock of the said bank shall, on the said 1st May next, when this Act shall take effect for the re-incorporation of the said bank, consist of the said sum of 75 lakhs of Company’s rupees, together with such further amount as shall on that date have been subscribed and paid into the Bank of Bengal under the order and notice referred to, and the further subscriptions

and payments of capital authorised and ordered as abovementioned shall i

continue to be received in the manner provided in the said order and notice of the President in Council, and shall be added to the capital stock of the bank as received, accordingly as is prescribed in the said order passed under the authority of the said Act; and the capital stock held by the Bank of Bengal on the said 1st May next, together with the further capital that may be subscribed and paid up as above, after that date shall be divided into shares of 4,000 rupees each, or into quarter shares of 1,000 rupees each, in the manner declared and provided by Act No. XIX. of 1836, and the shares of the said capital that may be then registered in the name of the Governor-General of India in Council, shall be the property of the said Governor-General of India in Council for the time being, on behalf of the East India Company, together with any new shares or quarter shares for which subscription may be made on account thereof, under the option reserved to the said Governor-General of India in Council to that effect in the said order and notice; and the shares and i

quarter shares registered as belonging to individual proprietors shall continue to be the property of such proprietors, and the said proprietors shall respectively be in the proportion of their several interests proprietors of the Bank of Bengal as re-incorporated by this Act, and shall hold and enjoy in respect to their several shares and interests the same precise rights and privileges, as regards the subscription to fresh stock, under the order and notice referred to, as they would have done if the Bank of Bengal had continued under the Charter and Acts referred to, the re-incorporation of the said bank by this Act notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that no proprietor shall be allowed to increase

his share in the capital stock of the said bank beyond the amount of one lakh and 60,000 rupees, excepting on occasion of the present or of any future increase being made to the capital stock of the said bank under the authority of the Governor-General in Council in the manner prescribed in sections V. and VI. of this Act, in which case any proprietor holding stock to the full amount of one lakh and 60,000 rupees, shall, notwithstanding, be entitled to subscribe to the increased capital stock in a rateable proportion; and excepting any addition to his interest in the said capital stock arises from succession, bequest, or marriage. ' i

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that a certificate signed by three directors of the said bank shall be delivered to the proprietor or proprietors of all the said shares of the capital stock of the said bank, upon demand made by the

holder

, GOVERNMENT OF INDIA. 7

holder of such share, and that any person who is a proprietor of more than one such share, may at his option demand a certificate for each of his shares, or one certificate for all his shares, or several certificates, each of which may be for any number of his shares.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that the said share or shares of the capital stock of the said bank shall be of the nature of personal estate of the pror prietors thereof respectively, and that the same shall be transferable by endorsement to be made on such certificates thereof respectively, under the hand of the proprietor or proprietors, or his, her, or their attorneys duly authorised, which endorsement shall specify the name of the person or persons to whom the said transfer shall be made, provided that no such endorsement shall be effectual to transfer any such share or shares until such endorsement shall have been registered at the Bank of Bengal, and such registration shall have been noted on such endorsement, under the hand of an officer appointed for that purpose by the directors of the said bank.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that the said corporate body, so renewed and continued as aforesaid, shall consist and be composed of the registered proprietors for the time being of the said shares of the capital stock of the said bank, and of no other person or persons whatsoever.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that the business of the said bank shall be managed by nine directors, of whom three shall be appointed and removable by the Governor-General of India in Council, and the remaining six shall be elected by a general meeting of the proprietors of the said bank, and removable by vote of the majority of a general meeting of the said proprietors.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that the persons who, at the time of such determination of the said present Charter and Acts as aforesaid, shall be directors of the said bank, shall thereafter continue to be directors of the said bank so renewed and continued as aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that two of the six directors elected and to be elected by the said proprietors shall in rotation go out of office on the second Monday in the month of December in every year, on which day in every year a general meeting of proprietors shall be held for the election of two directors in their stead; provided always, that any director going out by rotation as aforesaid may not be re-elected at the election which takes place thereupon; provided also, that the rotation existing at the time of such determination as aforesaid of the said present Charter and Acts shall continue to be observed.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that in case of the death, resignation, or absence from Calcutta for more than three months, or removal as aforesaid, of any directors elected or to be elected by the said proprietors, the directors shall call a general meeting of the proprietors, to be held within 15 days, for the purpose of choosing a successor; and such successor shall come into the same place, in the rotation above mentioned, in which the director was.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that no person shall be capable of serving as a director, by election of the said proprietors, who shall not be proprietor in his own right, and unincumbered, of three shares of 12,000 rupees of the capital stock of the Bank of Bengal, or who shall be a director of any other bank issuing notes payable on demand within the town or suburbs of Calcutta.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that at general meetings of the proprietors, every election and other matter in question shall be decided by a majority of votes, and that no person shall be allowed to vote at any such meeting in respect of any share of the said capital stock acquired by transfer or purchase, or otherwise than by act of law, unless such transfer shall have been completed six months at the least before the time of tendering such vote.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, that at all such general meetings the proprietors shall vote according to the following scale: —

1 share of 4,000 rupees shall entitle to 1 vote.

5 - - ditto - - - - ditto - 2 votes.

10 - - ditto - - - - ditto - 3 votes.

15 - - ditto - - - - ditto - 4 votes.

39. b 2 20 shares

ACTS of 1839.

ACTS of iS3g.

8 ACTS OF THE

V

20 shares of 4,000 rupees shall entitle to 5 votes.

30 - - ditto - - - - ditto - 6 votes.

40 - - ditto - - - - ditto - 7 votes,

and no proprietor shall be entitled to more than seven votes.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor-General of India in Council to give a proxy in writing, signed by one of the secretaries to Government, to any person whom the Governor-General may appoint to attend any general meeting of the proprietors, and that the holder of such proxy shall be entitled to give seven votes upon all matters or questions that may be submitted to such meeting, excepting upon the election or removal of such directors as are elected by the said proprietors.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, that any proprietor or proprietors entitled

to vote at any general meeting may give a proxy in writing, either general or

special, under his, her, or their hand, or the hand of his, her, or their attorney,

duly authorised, to any other proprietor, and that such proxy shall be produced at the time of voting, and that such proxy shall entitle the person to whom it is given to vote on such matters as shall be authorised by the tenor of such proxy.

. XX. And it is hereby enacted, that at the first meeting of the directors in every year, they shall choose a president from among themselves, and if the office of president shall become vacant, they shall at their next meeting choose a successor for the remainder of the current year; and that during any vacancy, or in the absence of the president, the senior director shall be vice-president for the time, and that such president or vice-president shall have the casting vote in all cases of an equal division of votes at meetings, either of directors or proprietors.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, that the presence of at least three directors shall be necessary to form a board for the transaction of business, and that the said directors shall establish a weekly rotation among themselves, so that not less than three directors may attend every meeting of directors; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be held to preclude any director from attending any meeting of directors.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, that all accounts of the said bank, and all instruments not under seal, whereby the said bank can in any manner be bound, except the cash notes of the bank, shall be signed by three directors, and shall be of no validity unless so signed, and that the seal of the said bank shall not be affixed to any instrument except in the presence of three directors, who shall sign their names to the instrument in token of their presence, and that such signing shall be independent of the signing of any person who may sign the instrument as a witness, and that unless so signed by three directors such instrument shall be of no validity.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the said directors shall have power to appoint such officers as may be necessary to conduct the business of the said bank, and to remove any officer of the said bank, and to fix the salaries of such officers, provided that the whole expense of the establishment of the said bank shall not in any one year exceed 60,000 rupees, without previous authority from the general meeting of the proprietors.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that no person who shall hold the office of secretary, treasurer, head accountant, or khazanchee of the Bank of Bengal, shall engage in any other commercial business, either on his own account or as agent for any other person or persons, or act as a broker for the sale or purchase of Government securities; and that every person appointed to any one or more of the said offices shall give security to the directors for the faithful discharge of his duty, in the sum of 50,000 rupees.

XXV. And it is hereby enacted, that the said Bank of Bengal shall not be engaged in any kind of business except the kinds of business hereinafter specified, that is to say —

1. The discounting of negotiable securities.

2. The keeping of cash accounts.

3. Buying

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

9

3. Buying and selling of bills of exchange payable in India.

4. The lending of money on short loans.

5. The buying and selling of bullion.

6. The receiving of deposits.

7. The issuing and circulating of cash notes and bank post-bills.

8. The selling of property or securities deposited in the bank as security

for loans and not redeemed, or of property or securities recovered by the

bank in satisfaction of debts and claims.

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said bank shall discount no negotiable security and make no loan unless the amount of cash in possession of the said bank, and immediately available, shall be equal to at least one-fourth of all the claims against the said bank, outstanding for the time being, and payable on demand.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said Bank of Bengal shall not discount any negotiable securities which shall have a longer period to run than three months, or lend any money for a longer period than three months, and that they shall make no loan or advance on any bank share, or certificate of shares, nor on mortgage, or in any other manner on the security of any lands, houses, or immovable property, nor on any negotiable security of any individual or partnership firm, which shall not carry on it the several responsibilities of at least two persons or firms unconnected with each other in general partnership, nor be in advance at one and the same time to any individual or partnership firm, either by way of discount, loan, or in any other manner (saving by loans upon the deposit of Government securities, or goods not perishable, as hereinafter mentioned,) beyond the amount of three lakhs of Company’s rupees: provided always, that advances upon bills of exchange accepted by the Government, or upon other Government obligations, shall not be considered as an advance within the meaning of this restriction.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said bank shall make no loan other than such loans as are described in the section next preceding, except on deposit of public securities to the full amount of the loan, and which public securities shall be so endorsed or transferred as to put them at the absolute disposal of the said Bank of Bengal, or on deposit of goods not of a perishable nature, and of estimated value exceeding the amount of the loan by at least one-fourth.

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted, that the said bank shall not be at any time in advance to the Government more than seven lakhs and a half of Company’s rupees; provided always, that the holding of Government securities, or of bills of exchange drawn upon the Government, or of other Government acceptances or obligations derived to the said bank from individuals, and not overdue, shall not be construed as being in advance to the Government within the meaning of this section.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said Bank of Bengal shall not suffer any person or persons, or body corporate, keeping cash with the said Bank of Bengal, to overdraw his, her or their account.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, that the said Bank of Bengal may issue promissory notes, payable either on demand or at a date not exceeding 30 days after sight, which notes shall and may be signed on behalf of the said bank by such person as the directors of the said bank may appoint or authorise in that behalf; provided always, that the total amount of such notes in circulation at any one time shall not exceed two crores of rupees ; and provided also, that no such note shall be for a smaller amount than 10 rupees.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the said bank to make, issue, or negotiate any note, bill, or other instrument containing any promise, undertaking, or order for the payment of money elsewhere than within the limits of India.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the directors of the said Bank of Bengal to receive in deposit goods not of a perishable kind, and to contract for the safe keeping of the same.

39* b 3 XXXIV. And

ACTS of 1839.

10

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said bank shall cause the books of the said bank to be balanced on the 30th day of June and the 31st of December in every year, and that a settlement of the balance on every such day, signed by a majority of the said directors, shall be forthwith transmitted to one of the secretaries to the Governor-General of India in Council, and that the Governor-General of India in Council shall at all times be entitled to require of the said directors any information touching the affairs of the bank, and the production of any documents of the said bank, and that the said directors shall comply with every such requisition.

XXXV. And it is hereby enacted, that an account of the profits of the said bank shall be taken half yearly on the 1st day of January and the 1st day of July in every year, and that a dividend thereof shall be made so soon thereafter as conveniently may be, and that the amount of such dividend shall be determined by the directors of the said bank, on the ground of the actual profits made by the said bank during the six calendar months preceding the day up to which such half-yearly account shall be taken; provided that the said directors, subject to the control and sanction of the proprietors at their general meetings, shall have power when they see fit to set apart from such profits a sum not exceeding five per cent, on the capital stock of the bank, as a reserve against contingencies.

XXXVI. And it is hereby enacted, that on the first Monday of the month of August in every year, a general meeting of the proprietors of the capital stock of the said bank shall be held, at which the directors of the said bank shall submit to the said proprietors a statement of affairs of the said bank, made up to the preceding 30th of June, and such general meeting shall be competent to pass resolutions, and frame rules and directions relative to affairs and conduct of the said bank, which shall be binding on the directors and officers of the bank, and on the proprietors thereof, until rescinded or modified respectively by any subsequent general meeting.

XXXVII. And it is hereby enacted, that any three of the said directors of the said bank, or any 10 proprietors of the capital stock of the said bank, may at any time convene a general meeting of the proprietors, upon giving fifteen days’ previous notice of such meeting, and of the purpose or purposes for which the same shall be convened, as well to the directors of the said bank for the time being, as also by public advertisement in the Calcutta Gazette.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Bank of Bengal, with the sanction of the Governor-General of India in Council, to establish branch banks at such places, and under such rules and restrictions as shall be determined by the proprietors at their general meetings; provided, however, that such branch banks when so established, besides being subject to the rules and restrictions that may be imposed by the proprietors, and to the control and orders of the directors of the bank at Calcutta, shall be bound by the same rules as to the description of business in which they are to engage, and the manner of conducting such business, and likewise in respect to the issue of notes payable on demand, and the retention of cash to meet the same, and in all transactions and matters hereinabove referred to, as are prescribed for the Bank of Bengal by this Act.

XXXIX. And it is further enacted, that if any of the said proprietors shall become indebted to the said bank, it shall be lawful for the said bank to withhold payment of the dividends on the share or shares of such proprietor registered as his or her own property, and not as held in trust, or as executor or administrator, until payment of such debt, and to apply such dividends towards payment thereof; and that after demand and default of payment and notice in that behalf given either to such proprietor, or his or her constituted agent, or by public advertisement in the Calcutta Gazette, it shall be lawfal for the said, bank to refuse registration of the transfer of any such share or shares of such proprietor, until payment of such debt; and if the same shall remain unpaid, for the space of six months after such notice, to advertise for public sale, and to sell such share or shares, or so many as may be necessary, and to apply the proceeds thereof towards payment of such debt, with interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, paying over the surplus, if any, to such prop, ie 01’, or tc his or her lawful representative.

XL, And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

11

XL. And it is further enacted, that the said bank shall continue as hereby constituted until the 1st day of May, which will be in the year of Our Lord 1846, and shall thereafter continue in like manner until duly dissolved or modified; provided, however, that after the said 1st day of May 1846, the said bank shall not, except upon the application or by the consent of the proprietors of the said bank, be dissolved, or anywise modified without previous notice of 12 months at the least being given to the directors of the said bank for the time being of such intended dissolution or modification; provided also that in the event of the said bank at any time suspending cash payments, the benefits granted to the said bank by the present Act of Incorporation shall be thenceforth forfeited.

ACT No. VII. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 18th March 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of May in the year of our Lord 1839, section XXIII. of Regulation XXVIII. of 1802, of the Madras code, shall be repealed, and all commissions whereby commissioners for the sale of distrained property may have been appointed under the provisions of that section shall be annulled.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that from the said day all tahseeldars within the territories subject to the Presidency of Fort St. George shall be vested with the powers of commissioners for the sale of property distrained for arrears of rent or of revenue, and shall be subject to all rules and provisions to which by any law or regulation such commissioners are subject.

III. Provided always, that in respect of the exercise of those powers tahseeldars shall be subject to the control and superintendence of the collector, and shall not be subject to the authority of the zillah judge, except in the case of any judicial proceedings.

IV. Provided also, that tahseeldars shall be subject to the same liabilities, in respect of the exercise of the said powers, to which they are subjected by section X. Regulation IX. of 1822 of the Madras code, in cases in which they conduct sales under the provisions of that Regulation.

V. Provided also, that tahseeldars shall not be entitled to any fee or commission for selling such distrained property; but that all fees or commission which may be now lawfully taken by commissioners for the sale of such distrained property shall be taken and carried to the account of Government.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that tahseeldars shall have authority, subject to the orders of the collector, to delegate the powers vested in them by the second section of this Act to any public servants placed under their authority; and that the provisions of the three last preceding sections of this Act shall apply to all public servants to whom those powers shall have been so delegated, n the same manner as they apply to tahseeldars.

ACT No. VIII. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 8th April 1839.

IT is hereby enacted, that the following villages, lately comprising the jagheer of Cliinchnee, now lapsed to Government, shall, from the time of passing this Act, be subject to all Acts and Regulations which are or shall be in force within the territories subject to the Presidency of Bombay.

Pergunnahs Gokak and Anwal.

The two following villages of the purgunnah Terdal; viz.

1. Moja Sunkurhutee.

2. Moja Kowtkope.

39* b 4 The

ACTS of 1839.

12

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839.

The two following villages of the purgunnah Yadwad; viz.

1. Moja Hoolkoond.

2. Moja Boodnee.

The two following villages of the purgunnah Gudee Kokutnoor:

1. Moja Jhoonjurwad.

2. Moja Nundeshwur.

The village of Moja Kutkeree of the purgunnah Utnee.

The village of Moja Cliikpudsulgee of the purgunnah Bidree. The village of Moja Oomruj of the purgunnah Burdole.

The four following villages of the Prant Meruj ; viz.

1. Kusba Ashta Kuryat Aslita.

2. Moja Dhamnul

3. Moja DhoWIeejKurr5'at T“sSaon-

4. Moja Sumdolee Kurryat Sanglee.

The four following villages of the Prant Raibaug; viz.

1. Thana CbinchneeV t Nandre

2. Moja Umnapoor J J

3. Kusba Eksumbej v -n, ,

4. MojaBhoj . j Kurryat Eloumbe.

The two following villages of the Prant Punnala; viz.

1. Moja Koondul lTurf ValTe.

2. Moja PoonudeeJ

The village of Ingulgee of the Koongol purgunnah within the Dharwar Collectorate.

The three following villages of the Patoda purgunnah within the Amednuggur Collectorate:

Moja Singnapoor.

Half of Moja Godegaon.

Half of Moja Kaslee.

The village of Hoondee Goonda of the purgunnah of Terdal.

The village of Moja Sooltanpoor of the purgunnah of Terdal.

ACT No. IX. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 15th April 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, in addition to the rules already in force for instituting suits in forma pauperis, that no person shall be hereafter entitled to< institute any suit in forma pauperis, in any civil court of judicature within the territories subject to the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, unless the court in which his petition may be presented shall, before granting such petition, be satisfied by the examination of the petitioner, or of his or her agents or witnesses (which examination shall be taken on oath, or solemn affirmation in cases where a solemn affirmation may be received instead of an oath), that there is probable cause for instituting the suit. II.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that in all suits instituted in forma pauperis the pleadings on the part of the defendant as well as all papers filed on his part on which a stamp is required by Schedule (B.) of Regulation X. of 1829 of the Bengal code, may be written on unstamped paper, and copies of orders or proceedings which the defendant may be required to take shall be furnished to him on unstamped paper; and the defendant shall not be required to deposit vakeel’s fees; provided always, that on the conclusion of the suit the court shall calculate the whole of the costs which would have been incurred by the defendant on account of stamp duties if the suit had not been instituted

forma

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

13

forma pauperis, and shall charge the same to the party cast, or to the parties respectively, in such proportions as may be deemed reasonable.

III. And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any suits instituted in forma pauperis, in any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

ACT No. X. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 15th April 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that whoever, within the settlements of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore or Malacca, wages war against the government of any power in alliance or at peace with the government of the territories of the East India Company, or attempts to wage such war, or by instigation, conspiracy or aid, knowingly abets the waging of such war, or makes, or by instigation, conspiracy or aid in supplying or selling arms, equipments or otherwise, knowingly abets the making of any preparation to commit depredations on the territories of any such power, shall be guilty of felony, and be liable to transportation for any term not exceeding 14 years, or to imprisonment with or without hard labour for any term not exceeding 10 years.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that whoever, within the settlements aforesaid, shall receive any property, such person knowing the same to have been taken from the territories of any power in alliance or at peace with the government of the territories of the East India Company, in the prosecution of such war or depredation as aforesaid, shall be guilty of felony, and be liable to transportation for any term not exceeding 14 years, or to imprisonment with or without hard labour for any term not exceeding 10 years.

ACT No. XI. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 22d April 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that from the time of the passing of this Act, no stamp duty or institution fee shall be payable in respect of any proceeding in any appeal, or in respect of any paper or copy of any paper necessary for any appeal from any court of the East India Company to Her Majesty in Council.

ACT No. XII. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 29th April 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of January in the year of our Lord 1840, Regulation I. of 1827, passed by the Governor in Council of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore and Malacca, shall be repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that from the day aforesaid an assessment shall be levied on all dwelling-houses, and other buildings within the limits of the towns of George Town, Singapore and Malacca, according to the real annual values thereof, at a rate not exceeding 10 per cent, of such annual values.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that from the day aforesaid an assessment shall be levied on all property of the nature described in the foregoing section, but which shall be situated beyond the limits of the aforesaid towns of George Town, Singapore and Malacca, at a rate not exceeding five per cent, on the annual rent or value thereof. IV.

IV. Provided always, that any property which would be subject to assessment as aforesaid, of which the real annual value shall be less than six Spanish dollars, shall be exempted from such assessment, if it be the sole assessable property of the owner.

39* c V. And

ACTS of 1839.

u

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to the chief civil officer 'in authority, within the incorporated settlement of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore and Malacca, to fix the limits of the aforesaid towns, in order to the determination of the rates of assessment leviable under this Act.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that all religious edifices, hospitals, cemeteries, anjl buildings strictly and exclusively appropriated to charitable purposes, shall be exempted from assessment under this Act.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that all houses, bungalows and other buildings, situated within the limits of any military cantonment, and occupied by European or Native officers, soldiers or sepoys, shall be exempted from assessment.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that a tax shall be levied on all carriages* carts and cattle in use within the incorporated settlement of Prince of Wales* Island, Singapore and Malacca, at the following rates:

On every four-wheeled carriage Spanish dollars 10 per annum.

On every two-wheeled carriage Spanish dollars eight per annum.

On every cart drawn by any description of draught cattle Spanish dollars six per annum.

On every horse, mare, gelding, pony or mule Spanish dollars two per annum.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that the chief civil officer in authority in the Straits, under instructions from the Governor of Bengal, shall have power to appoint such officers as may be deemed requisite for the collection of the assessment and taxes leviable under this Act, at the stations of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore and Malacca, and the officers so appointed shall, in the execution of their duty, be subject to the same responsibility as would attach to them if they were employed in the collection of the land revenue.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that if payment of the aforesaid assessment and taxes be not duly made, the officers appointed to collect the same shall certify in writing such non-payment to any justice of the peace, who, if he shall be satisfied that due diligence has been used to obtain payment, and that the same has been improperly withheld, shall issue his warrant for distraining the amount on any goods and chattels, to whomsoever belonging, in or upon the dwelling-houses and other buildings respectively charged, or for distraining any person charged, by his goods and chattels, or both, and for selling every such distress; and the overplus, after deducting the expenses, shall be paid to the owner of the goods and chattels distrained.

XI. Provided always, that it shall be competent to the officers appointed to collect the aforesaid assessment and taxes, in lieu of proceeding against defaulters by warrant of distress, to sue for the recovery of arrears through any court of justice to which defaulters may be amenable.

XII. Provided also, that if any party, from whom payment of the assessment or taxes leviable under this Act may have been demanded, objects to the demand, either on the ground of surcharge or by reason of claim to the exemption or abatement under any of the foregoing provisions, it shall be competent to such party, after payment of the amount demanded, to appeal against such demand to the justices of the peace sitting in general quarter sessions at the station where such party resides, and the said justices shall have power to hear and decide on such appeal and to pass such order thereon as may seem just.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that out of the funds collected from the assessment and taxes leviable under this Act, provision shall be made, in conformity with such instructions as may from time to time be issued by the Governor of Bengal, for the efficient watching, cleansing, lighting and repairing of the streets and thoroughfares in the towns of George Town, Singapore and Malacca, and for the making and repairing of roads and bridges, and the effecting of other purposes necessary for the comfort and protection of the inhabitants of the incorporated settlement aforesaid.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that as soon after the 1st day of January in each year as may be found practicable, the officer collecting the assessment and taxes under this Act at each of the three stations of Prince of Wales’ Island,

Singapore

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

15

Singapore and Malacca, shall prepare a detailed statement, exhibiting the sums collected under the several heads of cesses and taxes during the preceding year, and showing also the disbursements which have been made during the same period on account of the various purposes enumerated in this Act.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that the statement, prepared in the manner aforesaid, and duly attested by such officer as last-mentioned, shall be published at the station to which it relates, in a newspaper ; and if such station have no newspaper, the publication shall be made in some other newspaper of extensive circulation published within the incorporated settlement of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore and Malacca. And the said statement shall also be open to general inspection at the office of such officer, for a period of one month from the date of its publication.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that the officers appointed to collect the assessment and taxes leviable under this Act, shall, in the conduct of their duties, be subject to the general superintendence and control of the chief civil authority residing in the aforesaid incorporated settlement.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, that the officer superintending the police at each of the stations of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore and Malacca, between the 1st and 15th day of January in each year, shall require the owners of all palanquin carriages, carts and other vehicles, kept in such station for the purpose of being let to hire for the conveyance of passengers or goods, to enter such vehicles in a register to be kept for that purpose at the police office. And every owner of a palanquin carriage, cart, or other vehicle, subject to such registration, who shall omit to enter such vehicle at the police office, in the manner required by this Act, shall, on conviction before a justice of the peace, forfeit for each offence a sum not exceeding 20 Spanish dollars, with costs of suit, which forfeiture shall on non-payment be recoverable by warrant of distress and sale under the hand of the convicting justice of the peace ; and the overplus of the goods and chattels sold, after deducting the expenses, shall be paid to such owner.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the assessment and taxes leviable under this Act shall be paid half yearly in advance, and that the said assessment shall be charged on the dwelling-houses and other buildings respectively assessed, and on the respective owners and occupiers thereof, at the time of such assessment, and that the said taxes shall be charged on the owners of the respective cattle, carriages, carts, or other vehicles subject to such taxes.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, that every owner of a registered vehicle who shall neglect to place in a conspicuous part of such vehicle a numbered board, which shall be furnished to him by the registering officer, shall, on conviction before a magistrate, forfeit the sum of five Spanish dollars for each offence, with costs ol‘ suit.

ACTS of 1839.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, that when any change in the occupation of any dwelling-house, or other building assessed, shall take place within the year after such assessment as aforesaid, then such assessment may be levied in manner aforesaid as well upon the dwelling-house or other building respectively charged, as upon the goods and chattels of the occupiers thereof according to their respective periods of occupation, w ithout any new assessment.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, that the owner of any dwelling-house, or other building assessed, which is not let to any tenant, shall be deemed the occupier thereof; provided always, that if such owner can show that the premises have not been inhabited or used for a period of three months or upwards in any year, he shall be entitled to a proportionate abatement of assessment levied on the same for the said year.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, that no assessment or charge made under the authority of this Act shall be impeached or affected by reason of any mistake in the name of any person liable to assessment or tax, or of any thing chargeable with assessment or tax, or any mistake in the amount of the assessment or tax charged, provided the directions of this Act be in substance and effect complied with.

39-

c 2

ACTS of 1839.

16

ACTS OF THE

ACT No. XIII. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 20th May 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that the several charges of the port and roadstead of Madras, levied under the heads of anchorage duty, lighthouse duty, regular boat hire, and report catamaran hire, shall from and after the 1st day of August next be consolidated and commuted into a port duty, to be levied at the rate of three annas per ton upon every vessel, not being a vessel sailing under the colours of a foreign European or American nation, of which the tonnage shall not exceed 700 tons by measurement, made in the manner prescribed by Act 5 & 6 of Will. 4, c. 56, and if the vessel exceed 700 tons by measurement so made, the port duty shall be levied as upon that tonnage.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that upon every vessel sailing under the colours of a foreign European, or American nation, that may anchor in the port of Madras, there shall be levied a consolidated port duty at the rate of three annas six pie per ton, according to measurement made in the manner above prescribed.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that if any vessels, British, Native or Foreign, anchoring in the port of Madras, shall not break bulk therein, and shall not remain four complete days from the time of dropping anchor, there shall be levied upon such vessels reduced duties as follows: that is to say, two-fifths of the tonnage duty prescribed above shall be levied upon every vessel which without breaking bulk, shall after anchoring therein sail again out of the port within 48 hours, and seven-tenths upon every vessel which without breaking bulk shall stay more than 48 hours and less than four complete days.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that all powers and authorities, penalties and other means whereby the payment of any of the charges of the port and roadstead of Madras may have been legally enforced before the passing of this Act, shall be applicable to the enforcing of the consolidated and commuted port duties imposed by virtue of this Act.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Government of India to order the consolidation and commutation of any port or harbour duties, as levied in any subordinate port of any presidency, into a tonnage duty, which shall be leviable at the rate and in the manner specified in the next following section of this Act, upon the vessels anchoring in and trading with such port. VI. VII. VIII.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that when the Governor-General of India in Council shall direct the port duties to be commuted and consolidated at any port of the Madras Presidency, other than that of Madras, or at any subordinate port of any other presidency, the total amount levied at such port shall not exceed one anna per ton for British and native vessels not exceeding 700 tons, and upon vessels exceeding that measurement at the rate for 700 tons, and upon foreign European and American vessels, at the rate of one anna four pie per ton; and all vessels anchoring in any such outports shall be charged with reduced duty, in the proportions above provided for the port of Madras, if they leave such port without breaking bulk before completing four entire days from the time of anchoring therein.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that the consolidated and commuted port duties above prescribed, when ordered to be levied in any port by the Governor-General of India in Council, shall be levied by the officer appointed by the government of the presidency within which the port is situate to give port clearances or other customary documents to vessels sailing from such port, that is to say, by the master attendant, or by the collector of customs at such port, as may be ordered by such government, and if such duties be not paid upon demand, it shall be competent to such officer to withold from the vessel on account of which payment may be refused, any port clearance or other customary document required to be possessed by ships leaving such port, until the same shall be paid.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that all the powers and authorities, penalties and other means by which any port or harbour duty of any subordinate

port

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

17

port of any presidency which shall be consolidated and commuted by virtue of this Act, may have been legally enforced before the consolidation and commutation thereof as hereinbefore provided, shall be applicable to the enforcing of the consolidated and commuted duties at such port imposed by virtue of this Act.

ACT No. XIV. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 27th May 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that Acts No. XXXII. of 1837 and No. V. of 1837 be repealed on the 1st day of July next.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that on and after the said 1st day of July next, every person who shall make with any native of India any contract for labour to be performed in any British or foreign colony without the territories of the East India Company, or who shall knowingly abet or aid any native of India in emigrating from the said territories for the purpose of being employed as a labourer, shall be liable, on conviction before a magistrate or justice of the peace, to a fine not exceeding 200 rupees for every native so contracted with, aided or abetted, and in default of payment of such fine, shall be liable to be imprisoned for a term not exceeding three months.

III. Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to apply to any native seaman who shall of his own free will contract to navigate any vessel, or who shall embark on board such vessel in pursuance of such contract, or to any person who shall contract to serve as a menial servant only, or who shall embark as such menial servant.

ACT No. XV. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 10th June 1839.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that if any person on or after the day on which this Act will come into operation, as hereinafter provided, lands or attempts to land in any part of the territories subject to the government of the Presidency of Fort St. George, any foreign sugar, or any sugar which is the growth of any British possession into which foreign sugar can be legally imported, such sugar shall be seized and confiscated by the collector of the customs, or by any other officer thereunto authorised by the Governor in Council of the said Presidency; provided always, that sugar which is the growth of any part of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal into which foreign sugar, and sugar which is the growth of any British possession into which foreign sugar may be legally imported, are prohibited from being landed, may, during such prohibition, be landed in the said territories as heretofore.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that if any person being in possession of sugar, the produce of the said territories, desires to obtain a certificate of origin from the collector or assistant collector of the land or custom revenue of any district within the said territories, or from any other officer appointed by the Governor in Council of Fort St. George to give such certificates, such person shall, in the presence of the officer from whom he desires to obtain such certificate, make and subscribe a declaration in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the officer before whom such a declaration as is aforesaid shall have been made, shall grant under his hand and seal to the declarant a certificate in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (B.) IV.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that every person who intends to ship sugar from any place within the said territories for any part of the United Kingdom, shall be entitled to produce to the collector of customs at that place, or to any other officer who may have been appointed by the Governor in Council of Fort

39* c 3 St.

ACTS of 1839.

IS

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839.

St. George, to act on such occasions instead of the collector of customs, a certificate such as is above described, and also in the presence of the officer to whom he has so produced such certificate, to make and subscribe a declaration in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (C.)

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the officer to whom such a certificate shall have been so produced, and before whom a declaration in the last mentioned form shall have been so made and subscribed, shall grant to the person who has made the last mentioned declaration a certificate in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (D.)

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that any person who shall, in making any declaration under the authority of this Act, knowingly affirm an untruth, shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by fine to an amount not exceeding 5,000 rupees, and imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceed-, ing two years.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that this Act shall come into operation at the expiration of one year after the passing of this Act.

SCHEDULES: (A.)

I, A. B., solemnly declare that all the sugar hereinunder described is, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the produce of this district of

Description of the Sugar to which the Declaration relates.

Quantity. Quality. Number and Denomination of Packages.

The of] (signed) A.B.

(B.)

I, C. D., collector of land revenue (or collector of custom revenue, or being

an officer appointed by the Governor in Council of Fort St. George to act in this behalf) for this district of , do hereby grant

this certificate, under my hand and seal, that the sugar hereinunder described is of the produce of this district of , and that the

importation of foreign sugar, and of sugar the growth of any British possession into which foreign sugar can be legally imported, is prohibited in the said district of

Description of the Sugar to which this Certificate relates.

Quantity. Quality. Number and Denomination of the Packages. Name of the Declarant on whose Declaration the Certificate is given.

(l. s.) (signed) C. D.

(C.)

I, E. F., shipper of the sugar hereinunder described, solemnly declare that all the sugar hereinunder described is, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the same sugar to which the certificate now produced by me relates.

Description

: by

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

19

Description of the Sugar to which the Declaration relates. ACTS of 1839.

Quantity. 1 Quality. 1 Number and Denomination of Packages.. Name of Ship in which the Sugar is shipped or to be shipped. . Name of the Master of the Ship.

1 i ! 1 1

(signed) E. F.

(D.)

I, G. H., collector of customs (or being an officer appointed by the Governor in Ckmncil of Fort St. George to act in this behalf) for the port of

certify, under my hand and seal, that there has been produced to me by E. F., the shipper of the sugar hereinunder described, a certificate, under the hand and seal of C. D., collector of land revenue, (or collector of custom revenue, or being an officer appointed by the Governor in Council of Fort St. George to act in this behalf), for the district of

, in the territories subject to the government of the Presidency of Madras, which certificate certifies that the said sugar is the produce of the said district, and that the importation of foreign sugar, or sugar the growth of any British possession into which foreign sugar can be legally imported, is prohibited in the said district.

Description of the Sugar to which this Certificate relates.

Quantity. Quality. Number and Denomination of Packages. Name of the Ship. Name of the Master of the Ship.

(L. s). (signed; ) G.

ACT No. XVI. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 10th June 1839. I. II. III.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of January, in the year of our Lord 1840, the following rules shall be in force for regulating the assessment and collection of the rents payable to Government in the settlements of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore and Malacca.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that if any person, except as is provided in the last section of this Act, shall hold or occupy any land within any of the settlements aforesaid, not under a grant or title from Government, duly registered, and which land has not been declared, by competent authority, free from assessment, such land shall be liable to assessment, and shall be assessed in such manner, at such rate, and under such conditions, as the collector acting under the instructions of the Governor of Bengal shall determine.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that if any person holding or occupying land in the manner set forth in the preceding section shall refuse to engage for or to remove from the land within one month from the date on which he shall be called upon by the collector to enter into such engagement, or so to remove from it, by a written notice to be served personally, or at the residence of the owner or occupier, or to be stuck up on the premises, it shall be lawful for the said collector to eject such person from the land so held or occupied, and to take and hold possession of the same on the part of Government, to be disposed of in such manner as the Governor of Bengal may direct; provided that no

39• c 4 person

20

\

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839. person so holding or occupying land who has filed or shall file his claim to ' ■ 1 exemption from assessment thereon before the day and year aforesaid, shall be

liable to be so called upon by the collector until his claim shall have been determined by competent authority.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that all magistrates and police officers shall aid and assist the collector and his officers in the due exercise of the power of ejectment conferred upon the said collector by the foregoing section, and any holder or occupier of land who shall resist or cause to be resisted the exercise of the said power, and any person who shall be aiding and abetting in such resistance, shall, on conviction before a magistrate, be punished by fine not exceeding 1,000 rupees, or in default of payment of the fine, by imprisonment not exceeding six months.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that after the date on which this Act shall be in force in the settlements aforesaid, any person desirous of clearing and occupying waste and forest lands for the purposes of agriculture, shall make application to the collector of land revenue, who is hereby authorised to measure and assess the land, and to grant a lease for the same, in such manner, and under such conditions, as the Governor of Bengal may from time to time prescribe ; and if, by reason of the density of the jungle or other obstacles, it should be found impracticable to cause immediate measurement to be made of land so to be leased, it shall be competent to the collector to issue to such applicant a permit or written authority, of which the number, date, and all essential particulars shall be entered in a register to be kept for that purpose, to clear and occupy such land, subject to the conditions on which a lease . would have been granted; and on all land occupied under any such permit so issued, it shall be lawful for the collector to demand and enforce the payment of rent in like manner as if a regular lease had been granted; and the collector shall, with all practicable dispatch, cause all land so occupied to be measured, and after such measurement the permit shall be called in and cancelled, and in lieu thereof a lease shall be issued, the term of which shall commence from the date of the permit: provided, however, that it shall not be competent to a collector to grant any lease of lands for a term exceeding 20 years, renewable on such conditions as the Governor of Bengal may direct for a further period of 30 years. VI. VII. VIII.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that upon granting any lease under the provisions of the foregoing section, the collector shall require the applicant to set up good and solid landmarks by which the boundaries of the ground to be occupied by him shall be plainly defined; and such landmarks shall be set up to the satisfaction of the collector, to be certified by him on the back or other part of the lease, before the lease shall take effect; and it shall be a condition in every lease so granted that the lessee is to maintain all such landmarks in substantial repair; and if it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the collector, that, notwithstanding this condition, such landmarks have not been kept in good repair, it shall be competent to the collector to cause the proper repairs to be made, and to levy three times the cost of such repairs from the holder or occupier of the land, the amount to be levied by the process provided for the collection of rents; and the collector or his officers shall at all times have the right of free access to such land for the purpose of inspecting and directing the construction or repair of the landmarks ; and any person resisting them in the exercise of this right, or removing or defacing any landmark set up in conformity with the provisions of this Act, shall be punished in the manner provided in the IV. section of this Act.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that all applications to hold or occupy lands for a term exceeding that specified in section V., for the purpose of erecting houses or other durable works on such lands beyond the limits of the principal towns in the settlements aforesaid, shall be forwarded by the collector to the Governor of Bengal, who will grant or reject such applications as in his judgment may seem fit.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that every lease granted under the provisions of this Act shall be signed by the collector for the time being, and shall specify the name of the leaseholder, the quantity and boundaries of the land included

in

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

21

in the lease, and the rate of rent to be paid per acre per annum; which particulars, together with any other conditions material to the rights of Government, and of the party obtaining the lease, shall be entered in a register to be kept in the collector s office for that purpose.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the collector to accept, on the part of Government, any surrender of a grant or lease by the parties interested in the same, for the purpose of subdividing the same, and to re-grant or lease the same in parcels; provided that no such subdivision shall be allowed unless all arrears of rent, under the original grant or lease, are paid up, and provided that on no one portion of a grant or lease so subdivided shall .a less rent than one rupee per annum be leviable.

X. Clause 1. — And it is hereby enacted, that whenever the rent of any grant or lease from Government of land within any of the settlements aforesaid shall fall due, payment thereof shall be made by the holder or occupier of the land at the office of the collector, or to such person as shall be authorised to receive the same, and on failure of such payment, the same may be recovered in the manner following.

Clause 2. — When an arrear of rent shall have become due, the collector shall demand payment of it by a notice of demand, in writing, stating the amount of the arrear, and requiring payment of the same within 15 days from the date of the service of the notice, and stating that in default of payment within the period specified, the amount of the arrear due, together with the costs of process, will be recovered under the powers of this Act.

Clause 3. — The notice of demand shall be served by the delivery thereof to .any holder or occupier of the land, or by being left at his ordinary place of residence, or by being stuck up on the premises.

Clause4. — For the service of the aforesaid notice one rupee shall be charged, and shall be leviable, if not paid on demand, in the same manner as arrears of rent.

Clause 5. — Whenever an arrear of rent shall be demanded in the manner above prescribed, and shall not be discharged, it shall be lawful for the collector to issue an attachment, and to seize, by virtue of such attachment, as well the personal property of the holder or occupier, as also any effects or any crops, to whomsoever belonging, which may be found upon the land on account of which the arrear may be due, and to bring the same to sale by public auction, at the collector’s office or elsewhere, five days’ previous notice of such sale being stuck up at some conspicuous spot, and at the place where it is intended to bring the crop, or other property, to sale.

Clause 6. — The attachment shall be made by an officer deputed for the purpose, who shall publicly notify the attachment, and shall set his seal on any property attached, and take an inventory thereof; and it shall be competent to the said officer to require the assistance of the police in case of resistance to his authority, or of any attempt to remove the crops or other property from the premises, or otherwise to defeat the process.

Clause 7- — For an attachment made in pursuance of the foregoing rules, whether a sale shall actually take place or not, two rupees shall be charged, and shall be leviable, if not paid on demand, by the sale of a portion of the attached property.

Clause 8. — If an arrear of rent, due as aforesaid, cannot be recovered in manner aforesaid, and the arrear shall not be discharged within six months from the date of the notice of demand prescribed by the second clause of this section, it shall be lawful for the collector to bring to sale the land on account of which the arrear shall have been demanded, in the manner following.

Clause 9. — An advertisement shall be stuck up for not less than 20 days before the sale, in the collector’s office, and in a court of justice situated near to the land, specifying the description of the land, the name of the defaulter, the amount of the arrear, the time and place of the intended sale, and the

39* d conditions

ACTS of 1839.

22

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839. conditions thereof. The sale shall be conducted by public auction, in the pre-■ ■1 sence of the collector, the highest bidder shall be declared the purchaser, and

tiie proceeds of the sale, after deducting the arrear originally due to Government, with interest thereon at 12 per cent, per annum, and any further arrear that may have accrued up to the day of sale, together with the costs incurred by the sale or other lawful process, shall be paid over to the party or parties entitled. On payment of the purchase-money, the purchaser shall receive from the collector a title-deed corresponding in quality and conditions with the original grant or lease, and bearing on it all material specifications relating to the quantity and situation of the land, its boundaries, the rent demandable, the date from which its payment is to commence, and other necessary particulars ; and the collector shall forthwith put the purchaser in possession of the land so transferred, requiring for that purpose the aid of the police, if needful. The collector shall notify in the most public manner the result of the sale, the conveyance of the title and right, which were of the defaulter to the purchaser, and the cancelment of the original grant or lease, together with all leases, incumbrances or other interests derived therefrom. And any person wilfully and with fraudulent intent offering for sale, transfer, mortgage, or otherwise making use of any such grant or lease, or of any lease, incumbrance or other interest derived therefrom, and which shall have been so declared to be cancelled, shall, on conviction before a magistrate, be punished by a fine not exceeding 500 rupees, or in default of payment of such fine, by imprisonment not exceeding four months. And any person resisting or obstructing the collector or the officers acting under his orders, whilst placing the purchaser in possession of land so sold for arrears of rent, shall be punished in the manner provided in section IV. of this Act.

Clause 10. — It shall be lawful for the collector before the payment of any surplus to deduct, as part of the costs incurred by the sale, two rupees for the advertisement, and one per cent, on the net proceeds of the sale authorised by the foregoing clause, to be carried to the credit of Government, for the purpose of meeting the expense of carrying the sale into effect.

Clause 11. — Any person having an interest in any property liable to be sold as aforesaid, shall at any time previous to the sale thereof be enabled to prevent such sale by payment of the rent in arrear, together with interest and all legal expenses incurred, to the collector, who, upon such payment, shall desist from and withdraw all legal proceedings.

Clause 12. — Provided, that the summary process authorised by any of the clauses of this section, shall be held applicable only to arrears of rent which have become due within the period of one year prior to the execution of such process.

Clause 13. — Any person served with a notice of demand, or whose crop or personal property may have been seized under an attachment issued in manner aforesaid, who may dispute the justness of such demand or attachment, shall be at liberty, at any time before the sale of his crop or personal property, or in the event of the land being advertised for sale at any time before the sale thereof, to represent his objections to such demand, attachment or sale, to the collector; and if the collector shall, notwithstanding such objections, adhere to the demand, attachment, or sale, it shall be lawful for the said person to apply by petition for redress to any civil court competent to take cognizance of his complaint; and the court, after hearing the collector’s answer, and making such further inquiry as may be necessary, during which the sale of any such crop, property, or land shall be stayed, shall pass judgment either for enforcing or staying the demand, and shall adjudge the costs and charges of the suit, or such portion thereof as may be just and proper, to be paid by the party cast.

Clause 14. — Provided, that in the case mentioned in the last clause, no sale of crops, or of personal property, or of land, shall be stayed unless the party disputing the justice of the demand or attachment shall, on presenting his petition to the civil court, deposit therein, or at the collector’s office, the whole amount of the arrears of rent demanded, together with interest, and legal expenses incurred, or unless such party shall give substantial security to the

satisfaction

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

23

satisfaction of the civil court for making good the award that may be ultimately passed in the case.

XI. Clause 1. — And it is hereby enacted, that all mutations by act of party or by succession in titles to land, taking place after the 1st day of January in the year of our Lord 1840, shall be registered under the following rules.

Clause 2. — The party claiming by right of transfer or succession shall attend at the collector’s office, either in person or by his constituted agent, and shall make application for registering the mutation, producing the original grant or lease, together with the bill of sale or other deed of transfer, which must be made out in the English language, and according to a form which will be found in the collector’s office, or in case of successions, the probate or letters of administration, together with the original will, if any, or a copy thereof, after which notice of the mutation shall be registered, the date and other particulars of the transaction being entered in the register, in a clear and distinct form.

Clause 3. — No mutations of title to lands shall be registered until the collector shall have satisfied himself that the boundaries of the lands have been distinctly defined by convenient and substantial landmarks. The parties whose title to lands may be so registered are required to maintain the landmarks laid down in a state of good and sufficient repair, so that they may be at all times available-for the purpose of accurate ascertainment of the limits of each occupancy, and every holder or occupier of such lands wilfully neglecting to maintain such landmarks in a sound and serviceable condition, shall forfeit a sum equal to three times the cost of the erection or repairs which may become necessary in consequence of such default, and which shall be undertaken by the collector; the amount of the forfeiture to be levied in like manner as rents are to be collected under the provisions of this Act. And the holders or occupiers of such lands are required to admit free access to the same by the officers of Government, for the purpose of inspecting the landmarks, and of measuring and laying down boundaries, and any holder or occupier of land, or other persons who shall obstruct or resist such officers, shall be liable to the penalties prescribed in section IV. of this Act.

Clause 4. — It shall be lawful for the collector to demand and receive, on the part of Government, a fee, to meet the charges attending the registry, of four rupees, and of one rupee for inspecting the register, and of two rupees for granting a certified extract from the register.

Clause 5. — The registry of a mutation shall not of itself be taken to convey or establish any legal title to land, nor shall it be held to corroborate, qualify, or bar any rights which may come to be questioned judicially. But no deed whatsoever for the sale or transfer of land which may be executed after the 1st day of January in the year of our Lord 1840, shall be admitted to be valid by the officers of Government, or be received in evidence as a legal instrument by any court of judicature, unless the same shall have been registered in the collector’s office in the manner directed by this section, nor shall any probate or letters of administration be received as evidence of title to land until so registered.

XII. And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall apply to such cultivators and resident tenants of Malacca as hold their lands by prescription, subject only to a payment to Government of one-tenth part of the produce thereof, whether such payment be made in kind or in the form of a sum of money received by the Government in commutation of the payment in kind.

ACT No. XVII. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 1st July 1839.

IT is hereby enacted, in modification of so much of sections VI. and XIV. of Act No. XVII. of 1837 as provides that postage duties shall be levied at the rates set forth in Schedules (A.) and (B.) appended to the said Act, that it shall 39- d 2 be

ACTS of

24

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839.

be competent to the Governor-General of India in Council, by an order and notice to be published in the Government Gazettes of the several presidencies of India, to authorise the levy of postage duties at rates different from those severally specified in the Schedules (A.) and (B.) annexed to Act XVII. 1837, and to publish revised schedules from time to time to give effect to such modifications ; provided always there be no increase made thereby in any particular of the rates prescribed in the said Schedules (A.) and (B.), and likewise to fix the time when the levy shall commence to be made at such modified rates, and to cancel or modify any order and notice so issued, by further similar order and notice, and the said revised schedules of rates shall, for so long as may be so ordered and notified, be of the same effect and validity as the Schedules annexed to the stud Act.

ACT No. XVIII. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 15th July 1839.

IT is hereby enacted, that any person accused of the offence of murder by Thuggee, or of the offence of unlawfully and knowingly receiving or buying property stolen or plundered by Thuggee, may be tried by any court which would nave been competent to try him if his offence had been committed within the zillah where that court sits, anything contained in any Regulation or Regulations to the contrary notwithstanding.

ACT No. XIX. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 22d July 1839.

IT is hereby enacted, in modification of clause 5, section XIII. of Regulation XIII. of 1827, of the Bombay code, that all sentences passed by an assistant session judge whereby a convict is liable to imprisonment for a period' exceeding two years shall, before they are carried into execution, be confirmed by the session judge, whose powers and proceedings in respect of any such case shall be the same as are laid down for the guidance of the Sudder Fouj-daree Adawlut in clause 2 of the section and Regulation aforesaid, and it shall not be necessary to refer any such case to the Sudder Foujdaree Adawlut.

ACT No. XX. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 29th July 1839.

I. IT is hereby declared and enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council of Bombay to issue orders prohibiting the levy of hucks and fees of every description, and customs, whether by land or sea, enjoyed by holders of rent-free lands or other persons, and of alienated shares of any item of revenue after the abolition or relinquishment thereof by Government.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the legality of any orders which may have been heretofore issued, or of any orders which conformably with this Act hereafter shall be issued by the Governor in Council of Bombay for prohibiting the levy of any such hucks, or fees, customs, or alienated shares of any such item of revenue as aforesaid, shall not-be questioned in any court of law.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that whoever shall levy any such huck, fee, customs, or item of revenue after any such order prohibiting the same as aforesaid shall have been published in the Government gazette of the Presidency of Bombay, and by notice fixed at the post or place at which it has heretofore been claimed or collected, shall be punishable as for an undue exaction under Regulation XVII. of 1827, section 16, of the Bombay code, notwithstanding the offender be not a revenue officer of Government.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

25

ACTS of 1839.

ACT No. XXI. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 26th August 1839.

An Act for the Trial of Prisoners] charged with the commission of certain Petty Offences in the Town of Calcutta and on the River Hooghly.

I. Whereas it is expedient to make further provision in regard to such charges of felony as have been usually determined by justices of the peace, under the authority of the bye-laws for the town of Calcutta, by preventing, as far as is consistent with the attainment of justice, any delay of trial, or inconvenience to prosecutors, witnesses and jurymen, by limiting the powers heretofore exercised by such justices, and by subjecting their proceedings upon convictions for felony to more regular control and revision : and whereas it is also expedient to provide the like remedy in cases of assaults committed in certain parts of the river Hooghly, without the limits of the town of Calcutta, as hath been provided in cases of assaults committed within such limits.

It is, therefore, hereby enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any justices or justice of the peace to sentence any person charged with the commission of any felony within the town of Calcutta, or with the possession of stolen property within the same town, by virtue of any bye-law for the town of Calcutta, or by virtue of such bye-law and under Act IV. of 1835, or otherwise than according to the provisions of this Act; and the 6th section of a certain rule, ordinance and regulation, entitled, a Rule, Ordinance and Regulation for the Good Order and Civil Government of the Settlement of Fort William in Bengal, passed in Council on the 26th day of July in the year of our Lord 1814, and registered in the Supreme Court on the 11th day of November in the same year, is hereby repealed.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted, that all persons charged with the commission of simple larceny within the town of Calcutta may be tried by any justice of the peace for the said town, provided the value of the property which the prisoner is charged with having stolen does not, according to the belief of such justice, exceed 20 rupees.

III. And it is hereby provided, that such justice of the peace shall not have power to sentence any such person to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for a longer period than six calendar months, or to be transported.

IV. And it is hereby provided, that it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace before whom any person is charged with the commission of any simple larceny, at his discretion, instead of trying such person himself, to commit such person for trial before Her Majesty’s Supreme Court of Justice in Calcutta.

V. And it hereby enacted, that every such justice, after trying any offender charged with the commission of a simple larceny, shall cause his judgment to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in such other form of words to the same effect as the case shall require, that is to say:

Be it remembered, that on the day of in the

Year of our Lord ' at Calcutta, A. B.

is (acquitted, or convicted) before me J. P., a justice of the peace for the town of Calcutta, on a charge of simple larceny, for that he the said A. B. did feloniously (here specify the alleged offence and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case may be), and I, the said J. P. believe the value of the property stolen to amount to a sum not exceeding

20 rupees, that is to say----rupees; and I, the said J. P. adjudge the said

A. B. (here state that the prisoner is to be discharged, or the punishment he is to suffer, as the case may be).

Given under my hand, the day and year first above named.

(signed) ----

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that once at least in every term, and oftenei • if required by Her Majesty’s Supreme Court of Justice at Calcutta, every such

39* > d 3 justice

26

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839. justice shall transmit to Her Majesty’s said Supreme Court of Justice all judg- — — — - ments, whether of acquittal or conviction, passed by him, together with the depositions and examinations of the witnesses and prisoners, there to be kept by the proper officer among the records of the court.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that upon the trial of any prisoner for simple larceny as aforesaid, every such justice of the peace shall require the witnesses against and on behalf of the prisoner to be sworn, or to make solemn affirmation in cases where an affirmation is by law permitted in the place of an oath, and shall cause the depositions of the witnesses and the examination of the prisoner to be reduced into writing, and every such deposition and examination shall be signed by such justice.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that upon the trial of any person charged with the commission of simple larceny before any such justice of the peace as aforesaid, if any person being duly summoned by such justice shall refuse to attend as a witness, or to give evidence, he shall be liable to be punished by Her Majesty’s Supreme Court of Justice at Calcutta in like manner as if he had refused to attend as a witness, or to give evidence before Her Majesty’s said Supreme Court of Justice.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that upon any conviction for simple larceny as aforesaid, the justice of the peace before whom any person shall be so committed shall have power to order the restitution of the property stolen, if forthcoming, to the owner or his representative, and in case of its not being restored pursuant to such order, to impose on any person refusing or neglecting to restore the same, a fine not exceeding 20 rupees, and in default of payment to adjudge the person guilty of such neglect or refusal to be imprisoned for the space of one calendar month, unless the property be sooner restored.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that all persons charged with the commission of any assault or battery on board of any merchant ship employed on sea voyages in the River Hooghly, or the mouths thereof, being part of the territories of the East India Company, may be tried before any such justice of the peace, and on conviction shall be liable to be punished by a fine not exceeding 100 rupees, to be levied and enforced in manner provided by Act II. of 1839; and all the provisions of this Act made in the case of charges of simple larceny shall, as far as they are applicable, be applied in the case of such charges of assault or battery as aforesaid.

XI. And it is hereby declared, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to affect the remedy of any person aggrieved, by the conviction of any justice of the peace, through the means of the writ of certiorari.

ACT No. XXII. of 1839.

^ Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 9th September 1839.

An Act for enabling Persons charged with Offences to make their Defence

more effectually.

I. Whereas it is expedient to extend to the territories under the government of the East India Company the provisions of the statute 6 & 7 Will. 4, c. 114.

It is therefore hereby enacted, that all persons tried for any offence in any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice shall be admitted, after the close of the case for the prosecution, to make full answer and defence thereto by counsel learned in the law, or by attorney in Her Majesty’s courts of justice where attorneys may practise as counsel.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted, that in all cases of summary conviction by a magistrate or justice of the peace, exercising jurisdiction within the limits of any of Her Majesty’s supreme courts, persons accused are and

shall

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

27

shall be admitted to make their full answer and defence, and to have all ACTS «f 1839. witnesses examined and cross-examined by counsel or attorney.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that all persons who, after the passing of this Act, shall be held to bail, or committed to prison, for any offence against the law for which they are to be tried before any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice, shall be entitled to require and have on demand (from the person who shall have the lawful custody thereof, and who is hereby required to deliver the same) copies of the examinations of the witnesses respectively upon whose depositions they have been so held to bail or committed to prison, on payment of a reasonable sum for the same, to be fixed by such courts respectively; provided always, that if such demand shall not be made before the day appointed for the commencement of the sessions at which the trial of the person on whose behalf such demand shall be made is to take place, such person shall not be entitled to have any copy of such examination of witnesses, unless the judge at such trial shall be of opinion that such copy may be made and delivered without delay or inconvenience to such trial; but it shall nevertheless be competent to such judge, if he shall think fit, to postpone such trial on account of such copy of the examination of witnesses not having been previously had by the party charged.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that all persons under trial in any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice shall be entitled, at the time of their trial, to inspect, without fee or reward, all depositions or copies thereof which have been taken against them, and returned into the court before which such trial shall be had.

ACT No. XXIII. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 23d September 1839.

An Act for authorizing Sentences of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, by Courts Martial, in certain cases.

IT is hereby declared and enacted, that in all cases in which, by a general order of the Governor-General of India in Council, dated the 24th of February, in the year of our Lord 1835, it is made competent for courts martial to sentence soldiers of the native army in the service of the East India Company to the punishment of dismissal from such service, it is and shall be lawful to sentence such soldiers to be imprisoned with or without hard labour for any period not exceeding two years, if the sentence be pronounced by a general court martial, or not exceeding one year if the sentence be pronounced by a garrison or line court martial, or not exceeding six months if the sentence be pronounced by a regimental or detachment court martial. And every soldier so sentenced to imprisonment with hard labour for any period whatever, or to imprisonment without hard labour for any period exceeding six months* shall after confirmation of his sentence be dismissed from such service; provided always, that all sentences under this Act pronounced by any court martial inferior to a general court martial, shall require the confirmation of the general or other officer commanding the division or field force to which] the person convicted belongs.

ACT No. XXIV. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 2d October 1839.

An Act for the Administration of Justice and Collection of the Revenue in certain parts of the districts of Ganjam and Vizagapatam.

I. IT is hereby enacted, that from the first day of December 1839 Act

XXIII. of 1836 shall be repealed.

39* d 4 II. And

28

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839. II. And it is hereby enacted, that from and after the said first day of

---- December 1839, the operation of the rules for the administration of civil and

criminal justice, as well as those for the collection of the revenue, shall cease to have effect, except as hereinafter mentioned, within the undermentioned tracts of country at present included in the districts of Ganjam and Yizagapatam:

In the District of Ganjam.

Zemindaries.

Pauloor.

Hoomanah.

Becridee.

Khullicottali.

Pratapagery.

Mohery.

Yizeyanagur.

Hautghur.

Bramnorchee.

Chegatee.

Mundasa.

Soorunghi.

Jaradah.

Jaluntra.

Boodara Singhy.

Dharacotah.

Badagodah.

Sareghur.

Turlah.

Purlah Khinedy.

Aumany Estates.

Goomsur.

Sooradah.

Askah.

Pomary.

Coorlaw.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the administration of civil and criminal justice (including the superintendence of the police), and the collection and superintendence of the revenues of every description, within the tracts of country specified in the foregoing section, which are now included in the district of Ganjam, shall be vested in the collector of Ganjam, and within those which are now included in the district of Vizagapatam, in the collector of Vizagapatam, and shall be exercised by them respectively as agents to the Governor of Fort St. George.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to the Governor in Council of Fort St. George, by an Order in Council, to prescribe such rules as lie may deem proper for the guidance of such agents, and of all the officers subordinate to their control and authority, and to determine to what extent the decision of the agents in civil suits shall be final, and in what suits an appeal shall lie to the Sudder Adawlut, and to define the authority to be exercised by the agents in criminal trials, and what cases he shall submit to the decision of the Fouzdaree Adawlut.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that upon the receipt of any criminal trials referred by either of the agents under the rules which may be hereafter prescribed by the Governor in Council, the Fouzdaree Adawlut shall proceed to pass a final judgment, or such other order as may, after mature consideration, seem to the court requisite and proper, in the same manner as if the trial had been sent up in ordinary course from a judge on circuit.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that upon the receipt of any appeal from a decree of either of the agents, under the rules to be prescribed as aforesaid, the Court of Sudder Adawlut shall proceed to try and determine it in the same manner as appeals from the provincial courts.

VII. And

In the District of Vizagapatam.

Ancient Zemindaries. Vazeanagur.

Bobelly.

Hill Zemindaries. Jayapoor.

Coorpam.

Sungumirulsah.

Chamadoo.

Panchepentah.

Andra.

Saroapully Bhomararum. Saloor.

Mandoogole.

Belgam.

Maringhy.

Under Aumany. Paleondah.

Golcondah.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

29

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that each of such agents as aforesaid shall ACTS of 1839.

have the power of making commitments by warrant under his hand, which is ----

possessed by the Governor of Fort St. George in Council by virtue of Regulation II. of 1819, of the Madras code, provided that the third, fourth, fifth,

sixth and seventh sections of that regulation shall remain in force and be applicable to commitments under this Act; provided also, that in every case in which either of such agents shall make any such commitment, he shall transmit immediately a report to the Governor in Council of Fort St. George for his orders.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to the Governor in Council of Fort St. George, by an Order in Council, to make, from time to time, with the previous sanction of the Governor General of India in Council, such alterations in the limits of the tracts within the aforesaid districts placed under the jurisdiction of the said agents respectively, as he may deem expedient.

ACT No. XXV. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 25th November 1839.

AN Act for the Presidency of Bombay, limiting the Powers of Collectors as Magistrates and Assistant Collectors as Deputy Magistrates in certain cases.

It is hereby enacted, that Regulation IV. of 1831 be repealed, and that clause 4, section XI. and clause 3, section XXVII. of Regulation XVI. of 1827; clause 4, section XVI. of Regulation XVII. of 1827 ; and clause 2, section VIII. of Regulation XII. of 1827, of the Bombay code, so far as they relate to the penal jurisdiction of collectors as magistrates, be repealed; provided always, that the offences specified in the said sections, viz. sections XI. and

XXVII. of Regulation XVI. of 1827; section XVI. of Regulation XVII. of 1827; and section VIII. of Regulation XII. of 1827, shall be cognizable by magistrates and assistant magistrates under the general powers which are or hereafter may be vested in them by the Acts and Regulations applicable to the Bombay Presidency.

ACT No. XXVI. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 2d December 1839.

AN Act for regulating Inquiries into the truth of Matters implicating the Public Conduct of Officers not removable without the sanction of Govern-.; ment within the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

I. Whereas it is expedient to consolidate the enactments contained in the regulations concerning inquiries into the truth of matters implicating the public conduct of European officers, and to amend the same in various particulars, and to extend the same to all officers not removable without the sanction of government:

It is hereby enacted, that such parts of section 10, Regulation V. of 1793, and of section 10, Regiilation IV. of 1803 as relate to charges of corruption;

Section 8, Regulation VI. of 1793;

Section 8, Regulation V. of 1803;

Clauses 9, 10, and 11, and such other parts of section 9, Regulation XIII. of 1793 as relate to covenanted servants of the Company ;

Clauses 9, 10, and 11, and such other parts of section 12, Regulation XII. of 1803 as relate to covenanted servants of the Company;

Section and all the following sections of Regulation VIII. of 1806;

Regulation X. of 1806, excepting so much of section 10 of that regulation as 39* e relates

30

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839. relates to security required from persons preferring charges against Hindoo or ---- Mahomedan law officers, or native ministerial officers of courts;

Regulation XVII. of 1813 ;

Regulation VIII. of 1817;

And sections 5 and 6 of Regulation VII. of 1825; of the Bengal code ;

Together with so much of any Regulations as extends any of the above regulations or parts of regulations to any places within the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, be repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that in the territories subject to the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, whenever either of the Courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, either of the Sudder Boards of Revenue, or the Board of Customs, Salt and Opium, shall be of opinion that substantial grounds exist for making a regular and formal inquiry into the truth of any imputation of official misconduct affecting any officer subject to their control respectively, and not removable without the sanction of government, they shall submit the documents on which their opinion may be founded, together with a statement of the charges reduced to distinct articles which they may propose to be made the subject of a regular investigation, to the Governor of Bengal, or to the Lieutenant-Governor of the North Western Provinces, or to any functionary exercising the authority of government in the North Western Provinces, as the case may be, according to the authority to which they may be subject, for his consideration and orders.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that any charge or information of the description aforesaid may be preferred direct to either of the Courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, either of the Sudder Boards of Revenue, or the Board of Customs, Salt and Opium, respectively, who shall examine the complainant or informant circumstantially upon oath, or upon solemn affirmation if he be entitled to be exempted from taking an oath, and require the party accused to explain or reply to any matters they may deem to need explanation, and make such further inquiries, upon oath or affirmation, upon the subject as they may judge proper.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that any charge or information may also be made before any judge, magistrate, commissioner of revenue, or collector for any acts of the description beforementioned committed within their jurisdiction respectively, who shall examine the complainant or informant circumstantially upon oath, or upon solemn affirmation if he be entitled to be exempted from taking an oath, and shall transmit the deposition so taken to the Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, the Sudder Board of Revenue, or the Board of Customs, Salt and Opium, according as the person accused may be subject to those authorities respectively.

V. And it is hereby provided, that it shall not be lawful for the Courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, or the said boards respectively, to act upon any such charge or information, unless the person preferring the same shall make oath, or solemn affirmation in case he be entitled to be exempted from taking an oath, that he believes the facts on which the charge is grounded to be true.

VI. And it is hereby provided, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, and for the said boards respectively, to dismiss any such charge or information where they do not see any substantial reason for entering further into the inquiry; provided that on every occasion when they shall dismiss any such charge or information, they shall submit the same, together with all the circumstances of the case, in like manner as is provided in section II. of this Act.

VII. And it is hereby provided, that the said Courts of Sudder Dewanny dnd Nizamut Adawlut, and the said boards respectively, may, at any stage of the inquiry into such matters as aforesaid, require the person preferring such charge or information as aforesaid to furnish such security as may be deemed reasonable that he will attend and prosecute the charge to a conclusion; and in the event of security being so required, all proceedings shall be stayed until the same shall be furnished accordingly.

VIII. And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

31

VIII. And it is hereby provided, nevertheless, that if any matter of the nature aforesaid affecting such officer as is mentioned in the second section of this Act shall appear in the course of any proceedings, whether preliminary or otherwise, which shall come before or be reported to either of the Courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, or any of the said boards respectively, those authorities shall act upon such matter, or institute such inquiry upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid into the same as they shall deem proper for the purpose of such reference as aforesaid to the Governor of Bengal, or to the Lieutenant-governor of the North Western Provinces, or to the authority exercising the powers of government in those provinces as aforesaid, although no charge or information be preferred as aforesaid; and in such cases it shall not be necessary, before acting upon or instituting any inquiry concerning any matter so appearing in the course of proceedings, to require any oath or affirmation in regard to the truth of such matter.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that if the Governor of Bengal, or the Lieutenant-governor of the North Western Provinces, or the authority exercising the powers of government in those provinces as aforesaid, upon such reference as is mentioned in the second section of this Act, shall concur with the authority by which it may be submitted, or if such Governor or Lieutenant-governor, or authority exercising the powers of government, shall, from information of the description aforesaid that may be laid before him in respect to such officers as aforesaid not directly subject to the courts or boards above named, deem it necessary to institute proceedings against any such officers, he shall appoint a commissioner or commissioners for making a regular and formal inquiry into the truth of the matters referred.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that on the appointment of every such commission, the said Governor, or Lieutenant-governor, or authority exercising the powers of government in the Northwestern Provinces, shall direct whether the commission shall be placed under the control of any of the authorities aforesaid, or shall act immediately under the authority of government, and all commissions appointed as aforesaid shall be guided by the instructions which they may receive in this behalf from the government to which they may be respectively subordinate.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that the commissioner or commissioners appointed as aforesaid, before entering on the discharge of his or their duties, shall take the following oath:

I, A. B., Commissioner for the purpose of (here state the object of the commission), do solemnly swear that I will faithfully and impartially perform the duty committed to me without fear, favour or bias, to the best of my ability, knowledge and judgment; so help me God.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever a charge shall be referred for investigation to a special commission, the said Governor, or Lieutenant-governor, or authority exercising the powers of government in the North Western Provinces, will determine whether the conduct of the prosecution shall be left to the accuser or be undertaken on the part of government. In the latter case, the said Governor, or Lieutenant-governor, or authority exercising the powers of government in the North Western Provinces, will nominate such person or persons as may be deemed proper to conduct the prosecution on behalf of government.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be the duty of commissioners appointed under this regulation, after receiving the plaint or charge, and the documents from which the same may have been prepared, to call upon the person accused for his reply to the accusation; to examine upon oath, or under a solemn declaration, the witnesses named by the accuser or the accused ; to receive any further written documents offered in support of, or against the accusation; and to call for and take any further requisite evidence which may be indicated by the witnesses adduced or documents exhibited by either party, and may appear to be necessary for the ascertainment of facts, or the discovery of the truth or falsehood of the charges, or of any part thereof.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that for the discharge of the duties specified in the preceding section, or any other functions which may be delegated to a

39- e 2 commission

ACTS of 1839.

32

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839.

commission under this regulation, such commission shall be vested with the same powers as are exercised by the zillah and city courts, except that all process to cause the attendance of witnesses, or other compulsory process, shall be served through the zillah or city judge in whose jurisdiction the commission may be held, and executed by the zillah or city judge in whose jurisdiction the witness or other person upon whom the process is to be served may reside.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that on the close of the evidence for the prosecution and defence, the accused shall be at liberty to record any observations upon the result of the inquiry which he may think necessary for the vindication of his conduct and character. The accuser, or the person appointed to conduct the prosecution on the part of government, shall also be at liberty to record any remarks on the subject of the prosecution which he may deem requisite.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that as soon after the conclusion of the proceedings as circumstances shall permit, the commissioner or commissioners shall, when the commission shall be instructed to act immediately under the authority of government, submit directly to the government to which he or they may be subordinate, and in other cases to the controlling court or board, the proceedings under the commission, accompanied by translations of papers not in the English language, together with a summary of the pleadings and evidence, and his or their opinion of the merits of the case.

XVII. And it is hereby provided, that it shall be lawful for the said Governor, lieutenant-governor, or authority exercising the powers of government in the north-western provinces, or the controlling court or board, upon consideration of the report of any such commission as aforesaid, to direct the commissioner or commissioners to take further evidence, or to give further explanation of his or their opinion or opinions connected with the case investigated, and the commissioner or commissioners are authorized and required to take such further evidence, and to give such further explanation.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, or the Board to which any report of a commissioner or commissioners may be submitted as aforesaid, after due consideration of the same, and after obtaining such further evidence or explanations as they may require, shall submit the whole of the proceedings and documents received by them to the government to which they may be subordinate, together with their opinion whether any and what charges have been established against the accused.

XIX. And it is hereby provided, that whenever a special commission may be appointed under the provisions of this Act, the said Governor, or Lieutenant-governor, or authority exercising the powers of government in the Northwestern Provinces will determine, on a view of the nature and circumstances of the case, whether the accused officer shall be suspended from the discharge of the functions of his office ; and if so, whether he shall be permitted to draw the established allowances of his office, or otherwise.

XX. And it is hereby provided, that the Governor, or Lieutenant-governor, or authority exercising the powers of government in the North Western Provinces, on consideration of the report and proceedings submitted to him, in pursuance of sections XVI. and XVIII. of this Act, will pass such decision on the case as may appear to him most consonant to the principles of justice, and consistent with the powers possessed by government in matters of this description; and in the event of his deeming it necessary that the party accused should be brought to trial, by a public prosecution before a competent court of law, will issue the necessary instructions for that purpose to the law officers of Government. But whatever proceedings may be held, or whatever decision or order may be passed by government, individuals deeming themselves aggrieved by any public officer will be at all times at liberty to seek redress according to the ordinary forms prescribed by law.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to repeal the provisions respecting the dismissal and suspension of principal and other sudder ameens contained in section XXVI. of Regidation V. of 1831, or the provisions respecting the dismissal of deputy collectors contained

in

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

33

in section XXV. of Regulation IX. of 1833; provided always, that it shall be ACTS of 1839. lawful for the Governor of Bengal, or the Lieutenant-governor of the North Western Provinces, or the authority exercising the powers of government in these provinces respectively, upon any such reference as is mentioned in section XXVI. of Regulation V. of 1831, and section XXV. of Regulation IX. of 1833, at his discretion, to appoint a commissioner or commissioners for making such regular and formal inquiry touching imputations of official misconduct affecting any principal or other sudder ameen, or any deputy collector, as he shall think fit, in manner as is directed by this Act, and subject to its provisions.

ACT No. XXVII. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 16th December 1839.

AN Act for authorizing the Court of Requests for the Town of Calcutta to execute Decrees passed by the Judge of the Dewanny Adawlut of the Zillah of the 24-Pergunnahs, in certain cases.

I. Whereas execution of the decrees of the courts of justice of the zillah of the 24-Pergunnahs is often defeated by the parties against whom the same have been obtained absconding from the limits of the said zillah into the town of Calcutta; and whereas, by Regulation XVI. of 1812 of the Bengal code, provision is made, where the like inconvenience occurs by parties absconding from the town of Calcutta into the said zillah, for the Judge of the said zillah enforcing the judgments of the Court of Requests of the town of Calcutta;

It is hereby enacted, that if the defendant in any suit decided by any court of justice of the zillah of the 24-Pergunnahs, the plaintiff in which shall have obtained a decree, shall retire before execution of the same into the jurisdiction of the Court of Requests, that Court, upon receiving a written application from the Judge of Dewanny Adawlut of the zillah of the 24-Pergunnahs, setting forth the above circumstances, and accompanied by a copy of the decree duly authenticated, is hereby authorized and directed to proceed to execute the said decree in the mode prescribed for the execution of judgments obtained in the Court of Requests, and on payment of the like costs as are demanded for the execution of such judgments in ordinary cases ; provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be held to authorize the said Court of Requests to execute any decree except the cause of action in respect of which such decree was obtained were such that, if it had occurred within the local jurisdiction of the said court, it would have been cognizable by the same.

ACT No. XXVIII. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 16th December 1839.

AN Act for the Regulation of Buildings in the Islands of Bombay and Colaba.

I. It is hereby enacted, that the first 12 articles of Rule, Ordinance, and Regulation III. of 1812, passed by the Governor of Bombay in Council, and the 18th, 25th, and all following articles of the same rule, ordinance, and regulation, and the 1st, 2d, 5th, and 7th articles of Rule, Ordinance, and Regulation III. of 1815, passed by the said authority, be repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that all persons intending to erect or rebuild any building within the islands of Bombay and Colaba which shall approach in any part within 25 feet of the edge or side of any public road, street, or other thoroughfare, or intending to alter any building within the said islands by extending the foundation thereof, so that any part of such foundation shall approach within the same distance of the edge or side of any such public place, shall, before commencing to do so, obtain from the collector of land revenue in Bombay a certificate of the specific ground intended to be used, and from

39* e 3 the

34

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839. the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions in Bombay an indorsement on such

... certificate, of the nature of the work which, consistently with the provisions of

this Act, and with public convenience, and according to the intention of the party, can and is proposed to be executed.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that in all cases in which the surveyor to the said Court of Petty Sessions shall be satisfied that the intended building or alteration is in compliance with the provisions of this Act, and that no part of the ground to be covered thereby is wanted for public purposes, he shall indorse the said certificate as above enacted, and in case any party shall feel aggrieved by the withholding of such indorsement, or by the terms or restrictions of any such indorsement, he shall be at liberty to bring the matter of his complaint before the said Court of Petty Sessions, whose decision thereon shall be final; provided always, that no certificate, and no such indorsement thereof as aforesaid, and no decision of the said Court of Petty Sessions thereon, shall be construed as an adjudication upon or as in any way affecting the right or title of any person to the ground or building referred to in such certificate and indorsement or any part thereof.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that should any person, having obtained a certificate and indorsement as aforesaid, find it desirable during the progress of the work to deviate from his original plan, he shall not be at liberty to do so without the sanction in writing of the said surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions to such proposed deviation, with liberty however to the party to appeal to the said court as provided in section ill. of this Act.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that should the erection, rebuilding, or such alteration as aforesaid of any such building be commenced without such certificate and indorsement as above required, or contrary to the terms of any such certificate and indorsement, (such deviation not having been duly sanctioned as aforesaid,) every person offending herein shall be punishable on conviction before the said Court of Petty Sessions by fine not exceeding 500 rupees.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that whoever shall alter any such certificate as aforesaid without the sanction of the collector of the land revenue and of the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions, or shall alter any indorsement thereon without the sanction of the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions, shall be punishable on conviction before the said Court of Petty Sessions by fine not exceeding 500 rupees, or by imprisonment in the house of correction for any time not exceeding four calendar months, with or without hard labour.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that no building hereafter to be erected within the walls of the fort of Bombay shall be erected higher than 50 feet measured from the surface of the street to the extreme of the roof; provided that light open balustrades or railings of any material not inflammable may be added round the outer edge of the roof for the purpose of guarding against accident, but such balustrades or railings are to have no roof or covering ; and all persons offending herein, shall, on conviction before the said Court of Petty Sessions, be punishable by fine not exceeding 500 rupees.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that no cudjans or other inflammable materials shall be made use of in the external roof or walls of any building within the fort walls of Bombay, nor in the external part of any building without the fort walls of Bombay, in any place or places within the islands aforesaid to be declared by the Governor of Bombay in Council, by proclamation in the Government Gazette, and that every person offending herein, shall on conviction before the said Court of Petty Sessions, be punishable by fine not exceeding 500 rupees.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that no building of any description shall be erected in the islands of Bombay or Colaba in such manner as shall destroy, injure, or prejudicially interfere with any of the watercourses or the drainage of the said islands, or either of them, and upon notice being given by the said surveyor of the Court of Petty Sessions to the owner or other person under whose directions any work may be going on, that such work is injurious to and does or will interfere with any watercourse or the drainage of the said islands or either of them, such person shall immediately thereupon discontinue such work, and if he feels aggrieved by such notice, shall bring the matter of his complaint before the said Court of Petty Sessions, whose opinion and adjudication

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

35

cation thereon shall be final; and in case such person shall not, on receiving such notice as aforesaid, discontinue the said work, he shall be punishable on conviction before the said Court of Petty Sessions, by fine not exceeding rupees 500.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that in case the said Court of Petty Sessions on any appeal to them under the last preceding section, or upon special application of their surveyor, and after hearing the parties concerned, shall be of opinion that the work deemed objectionable by the said surveyor will destroy or be injurious to, or prejudicially affect, any of the watercourses or the drainage of the said islands, or either of them, then the said court shall make an order for the discontinuance and immediate removal of the said work, or of so much thereof as is objectionable: and in case the owner or other person conducting such work shall not obey such order, he shall be punishable on conviction before the said Court of Petty Sessions by fine not exceeding rupees 500: and such work, or so much thereof as shall have been found to be objectionable, shall be forthwith taken down and removed by the surveyor of the said court, and the materials shall be sold and disposed of in the like manner as is hereinafter directed concerning the taking down of ruinous buildings.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that when any building within the islands of Bombay or Colaba shall be erected, rebuilt, or altered, in any manner contrary to the provisions of this Act, except as in the 9th section is mentioned, it shall be lawful for the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions to give notice to the person or persons so offending forthwith to discontinue such work, and to pull down and clear away the same by a fixed day, and in the event of such work not being immediately discontinued, or of such order of removal not being complied with by the expiration of the time so fixed upon, the person or persons so disobeying such notice shall be punishable on conviction before the said Court of Petty Sessions by fine not exceeding rupees 500 ; and the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions shall have power to cause the work to be taken down and removed, and to sell and dispose of the materials thereof in the like manner as is hereinafter directed concerning the taking down of ruinous buildings; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the person or persons to whom such notice shall be given appealing therefrom to the said Court of Petty Sessions, which court shall have power to quash, alter, or confirm the same, and to extend the time named therein, and to punish any frivolous appeal with double costs.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that every person rebuilding any building of which any part is situated within 25 feet of the edge or side of any public road, street, or other thoroughfare within the islands aforesaid, shall be liable to be required, for the purpose of widening such road, street or other thoroughfare, to carry back his building so far and to give up so much of the site of the old building, or of the compound in which the same was standing, or of the uninclosed ground, if any, lying in front of the old building and between the same and the road, as shall be specified in the indorsement to be made on the certificate of the collector of land revenue under this Act, but such indorsement shall be subject in all cases to the revision and final decision of the said Court of Petty Sessions, in the event of an appeal thereto from the terms of the same, and the party so required shall be entitled to such compensation as is hereinafter provided.

XIII. And with the view of preventing fraudulent evasions as to the giving up of ground under the last section, it is hereby enacted, that every person rebuilding, repairing, altering, or in any way strengthening the foundation or lower part of any building within 25 feet of the edge of any public road or street within the islands aforesaid, and then within three years therefrom substantially rebuilding the remaining part of the said building upon the old foundation or lower part so rebuilt, repaired, altered or strengthened as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have rebuilt the entire building within the meaning of the last section.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that should any steps project into any public road, street, or other thoroughfare in front of any house, the space covered by such steps shall not be considered as part of the ground to be given up under this Act, but the ground to be given up shall be measured from the exterior of the building itself.

39- e 4 XV. And

ACTS of 1839.

36

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that the Court of Petty Sessions, with the sanction of the Governor of Bombay in Council, shall at all times have power and authority to require any ground within the islands of Bombay or Colaba to be given up for the purpose of widening or altering any existing public road, street, or other thoroughfare, or drain, or for making any new public road, street, or other thoroughfare, or drain.

XVI. And it is further enacted, that wherever ground required to be given up under any of the preceding clauses, or any building thereon, shall be, or be of the nature of, private property, or when being ground of the Honorable Company any substantial improvement shall have been made in the value thereof, the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions shall cause an estimate to be made of such private interest, or of any such improvement, and the amount of such estimate, if duly sanctioned by the Honorable the Governor in Council, or such other sum as that authority shall sanction, shall be offered by the said surveyor to the owner or other person in possession of the said ground or building, and if such offer be accepted, the amount thereof shall be paid to such owner or other person, whose receipt for the same shall be a sufficient release and discharge to the said Court of Petty Sessions, and thereupon the said Court of Petty Sessions shall become and be the legal owners of the said ground or building, for the purposes of this Act, and all and every person or persons interested in the premises shall be thenceforth to all intents and purposes divested of all right, title, and interest of, in, or to the same; provided always, that nothing herein contained or hereby authorized shall have the effect of deciding that the person to whom any money shall be paid as aforesaid is in law or equity the owner of any part of such money, and in case any conflicting claims shall be set up thereto before the same shall have been paid over, such sum shall be then dealt with in the manner provided in section XXL hereinafter contained.

XVII. And it is further enacted, that where such offer shall be made as aforesaid, and the person or persons to whom the same shall be made shall refuse to accept the same, as being less than the value of the said property or interests, then and in such case the Court of Petty Sessions shall cause the value of the property or interests, for which compensation is to be given, to be ascertained by a jury of 12 indifferent men resident on the island, to be summoned by the sheriff in manner hereinafter mentioned, and the said Court of Petty Sessions is hereby empowered to call before the said jury by a written notice for that purpose to be given, and to examine upon oath all persons who shall be thought necessary and capable of giving evidence concerning the premises, and the said court shall cause the said jury to view the property in question, and shall use all other lawful means as well for their own as for the said jury’s information on the premises, and after the said jury shall have so settled the value of the said property or interest, such valuation so made shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes against all persons, and the amount thereof shall be paid as hereinafter mentioned.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that for summoning and returning a jury under the last preceding clause, the said Court of Petty Sessions shall have authority from time to time to issue their warrant to the said sheriff of the town of Bombay, thereby requiring him to summon and return an indifferent jury of 24 persons resident on the island of Bombay, to be selected from, the petit jury list for the time being, to appear before the said Court of Petty Sessions at such time and place as in the said warrant shall be appointed, of which time and place all parties interested shall have 10 days’notice in writing to be given to the said parties personally or left at their usual place of abode ; and the said sheriff is hereby required to summon and return such 24 persons accordingly, and out of the persons so summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear, the said court shall cause to be sworn 12, who shall be the jury for the purpose aforesaid, and all persons concerned shall have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said court acting in the premises shall have power to impose any reasonable forfeiture, not more than 200 rupees, upon any person who shall be summoned and returned on such jury and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on such jury, or in any manner wilfully neglect his duty therein contrary to the meaning of this Act, and also upon any person who, having been duly summoned to give evidence touching any matter in question, shall

refuse

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

37

refuse to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined or give evidence, which said forfeiture shall be and is hereby made payable to the Court of Petty Sessions for and on account of the county fund.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, that the said sheriff shall be allowed for every warrant to his bailiff for summoning every jury 10 rupees and no more, and for every return of a jury four rupees and no more, and for attending the Court of Petty Sessions on the impannelling every jury 15 rupees and no more, and such fees and other expenses of and attending the assembling the said jury shall be borne and paid by the Court of Petty Sessions out of the county fund, if the valuation affixed by the said jury shall exceed the original offer made under section XVI. of this Act, and by the other party if such valuation shall be equal to or less than the said offer, and in all cases where the said Court of Petty Sessions shall be entitled to receive any costs or expenses under this clause, the said court shall be empowered to levy and raise the same in the same manner as if the same were a fine or other penalty.

XX. And it is further enacted, that in all cases where money shall be paid to any person or persons as a compensation under this Act, the same shall be paid out of the county fund, and shall be subject to the same use or uses, and the same charges, liens, or incumbrances in all respects as the interests or property for which such compensation shall be paid were subject to at the time of the payment therefore.

XXI. And it is further enacted, that in every case wherein conflicting claims are set up to any property or interest which the Court of Petty Sessions may require for carrying into execution the purposes of this Act, and for which under the provisions thereof any compensation shall be payable, such compensation shall be paid into the hands of the accountant-general of the Supreme Court of Bombay, for the use and benefit of such persons as shall appear entitled thereto by any decree or judgment of the said Supreme Court, and the receipt of the said accountant-general shall be a sufficient discharge to the Court of Petty Sessions, who shall, from the date thereof, become and be the legal owners of the said ground or building for which such money shall be so paid.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, that the surveyor to the said Court of Petty Sessions shall cause notice in writing to be given to the owner or occupier of any building or land within the islands aforesaid from which any gallery, balcony, roof, weather frame, spout, gutter, or other thing shall in future be made, which shall overhang or jut into, or in any way project or encroach upon any public road, street, or other thoroughfare, that he do take down, remove, alter, or regulate the same in such manner as not to incommode the public ; and in case such owner or occupier shall refuse or neglect so to do for the space of 16 days next after such notice shall have been given to him, the person or persons disobeying such notice shall be punishable, on conviction before the said Court of Petty Sessions, by fine not exceeding 500 rupees; and the said surveyor shall have power to cause the nuisance to be taken down and removed, and to sell and dispose of the materials thereof in like manner as is hereinafter directed concerning the taking down of ruinous buildings; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the person or persons to whom such notice shall be given appealing therefrom to the said Court of Petty Sessions, which court shall have power to quash, alter, or confirm the same, and to punish any frivolous appeal with double costs; provided also, that tiled roofs or weather frames of at least 12 feet high above the surface of any public road, street, or other thoroughfare, may be projected to the extent of two feet above the same.

XXIII. And it is hereby provided, that it shall be lawful to the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions, with the approbation of the said court, to give permission in writing to the owner or occupiers of buildings in public thoroughfares 25 feet in width and upwards, within the islands aforesaid, to project tiled roofs or weather frames from the upper stories of their houses to the extent of three feet beyond their foundation, or over any public road, street, or other thoroughfare, and to the occupiers of buildings in exposed situations facing between the south and west in streets of the above width to make such projection to the extent of five feet.

39- f XXIV. And

ACTS of 1839.

38

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839. XXIV. And it is further enacted, that where any scaffolding shall be used in or near any public road, street, or other thoroughfare, in building, repairing, or altering any house or building within the islands aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the surveyor to the said Court of Petty Sessions, if he shall think fit so to do, to give notice in writing to the owner or occupier of such house, or building, or other person directing the work, to cause such scaffolding to be masked or covered on the outside thereof, so as to prevent anything falling therefrom to the injury of persons passing below; and if the owner, occupier, or other person as aforesaid, shall neglect to obey such notice within a reasonable time after receiving the same, such offender shall be punishable, on conviction before the Court of Petty Sessions, by fine not exceeding 500 rupees.

XXV. And it is further enacted, that the tiles of roofs within the said islands shall be properly secured, so as to prevent their falling to the injury of passengers on any public road, street, or other thoroughfare, and the owner or occupier of any house the tiles of which are not so secured shall, if he neglect to secure the same within one week after having received notice so to do from the said surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions, be punishable, on conviction before the said court, by fine not exceeding 500 rupees.

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions to give notice in writing to the owner or occupier of any house or building within the islands aforesaid, from which water may fall on any public road or ground, to put up such gutters or channels for catching and conveying the water elsewhere as may be necessary, and on non-compliance with such notice within one week from the time of receiving the same, the offender shall be punishable before the said Court of Petty Sessions by fine not exceeding 500 rupees.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, that when any building or any part thereof at or near any public road, street, or other thoroughfare in any part of the said islands, is in a ruinous condition, it shall be lawful for the said surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions to cause a sufficient boarding or protection to be put up for the safety of all passengers; and the said surveyor shall cause notice in writing to be given to the occupier, if any, and if not to cause a notice to be affixed to the door or other exposed part of such building, to repair or pull down the same within 14 days from the date of such notice, and if such occupier or the owner do not begin to repair or take down the same within such term of 14 days, and complete the same as soon as the case will admit, it shall be lawful for the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions to cause such building, or so much thereof as may be ruinous, to be taken down and removed in such manner as shall be requisite, and to sell and dispose of the materials thereof, and by and out of the monies arising by the sale thereof, to reimburse himself, and all persons by him employed for the purpose, all the charges of putting up such boarding, and of taking down and removing such building, and of selling the said materials as aforesaid; and the surplus of such monies, if any, shall be paid to the owner of such house or building upon personal demand thereof made by such owner, and if no such demand be made, then to the Court of Petty Sessions, for the benefit of the person or persons entitled thereto, and if no demand shall be made to the said court for the money so paid in before the expiration of 12 calendar months from the receipt thereof by the said court, the same shall be added to, and become part of, the county fund.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever the money produced by any sale to be made by the surveyor to the Court of Petty Sessions, under this Act, shall be deficient to cover the expences of the said surveyor, and the persons employed by him, then the said Court of -Petty Sessions shall pay such deficiency to the said surveyor out of the county fund, and shall have power to levy and raise the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, in the same manner in all respects as fines and penalties are levied by the said court.

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted, that in case any part of the land constituting the public streets or roads, or other thoroughfares of the said islands beyond the limits of the town of Bombay, shall become useless and unnecessary for the

purpose

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

39

purpose of a public highway, it shall be lawful for the Governor of Bombay in ACTS of 1839.

Council to direct the collector of land revenue of Bombay to take possession ----

thereof for the use of the Honourable Company, and the collector of land revenue shall take possession thereof accordingly.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted, that every head builder, master carpenter, master mason, or labourer, who shall, in erecting, rebuilding or repairing, altering or adding to any building in Bombay or Colaba, knowingly offend against the provisions of this Act, shall be punishable, on conviction before the said Court of Petty Sessions, by fine not exceeding 500 rupees.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, that the amount of all fines and penalties, and costs in the nature of fines and penalty, that may be incurred and payable under this Act, shall be levied by warrant under the hands and seals of two or more of the magistrates in petty sessions, and when received shall be added to, and form part of, the county fund ; and if on such distress, property belonging to such offenders sufficient to make good the penalty be not found, such offender shall be committed by the said court to the house of correction, with or without hard labour at the discretion of the said court, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalty be sooner paid.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, that where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be recovered by virtue of this Act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party making the same be deemed a trespasser, on account of any defect of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party be deemed a trespasser ab initio on account of any irregularity afterwards done by the party making such distress, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover for the special damage only by action on the case, and not by any other action whatever.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that no plaintiff shall recover in any action for any such irregularity or other proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who committed or caused to be committed any such irregularity or wrongful proceeding before such action be brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by the leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings or order and judgment shall be had, made, or given in and by such court as in other actions when the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, until 21 days after notice in writing of an intention to bring such action or suit has been given to the person or persons against whom such action or suit shall be brought, nor after the expiration of three calendar months next after the fact committed; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this Act and any special matter in evidence at the trial, and that the matter or thing for which such action or suit is brought was done in pursuance and by the authority of this Act, and if the said matter or thing appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such action or suit was brought before the expiration of 21 days after such notice was given as aforesaid, or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered before such action was brought, or if any such action or suit be not commenced within the time herein for that purpose limited, then the court, in every such action or suit, shall find for the defendant therein ; and if a verdict be found for the defendant, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such action or suit become nonsuited or discontinue, or suffer a discontinuance of any such action or suit, or if in any such action or suit judgment be given for the defendant therein on demurrer or by default, or otherwise, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, the defendant shall have judgment to recover treble costs of suit, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have by law for costs in other cases.

G

39«

40

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839.

Meaning of the words in the Act

Widows to be entitled to dower out of equitable estates.

Seisin shall not be necessary to give title to dower.

No dower out of estates disposed of.

Priority to partial estates, charges, and specialty debts.

Dower may be barred by a declaration in a deed.

Or by a declaration in the husband’s will.

Dower shall be subject to restrictions.

Devise of real estate to the widow shall bar her dower.

Bequest of personal estate to the widow shall not bar her dower.

ACT No. XXIX. OP 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 16th December 1839.

AN Act for the amendment of the law relating to Dower.

I. Whereas it is expedient to extend the amendments in the English law of dower contained in the statute 3 & 4 Will. 4, c. 105, to the territories of the East India Company in cases which, but for the passing of this Act, would be governed by the English law of dower as it existed previously to the passing of the aforesaid statute.

It is hereby enacted, that the words and expressions hereinafter mentioned, which in their ordinary signification have a more confined or a different meaning, shall in this Act, except where the nature of the provision or the context of the Act shall exclude such construction, be interpreted as follows ; that is to say, the word “ land” shah extend to messuages and all other hereditaments, whether corporeal or incorporeal (except such as are not liable to dower), and to any share thereof, and every word importing the singular number only shall extend and be apphed to several persons or things as well as one person or thing.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, that when a husband shah die, beneficially entitled to any land for an interest which shah not entitle his widow to dower out of the same at law, and such interest, whether wholly equitable, or partly legal and partly equitable, shall be an estate of inheritance in possession, or equal to an estate of inheritance in possession (other than an estate in joint-tenancy), then his widow shah be entitled in equity to dower out of the same land.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, that when a husband shall have been entitled to a right of entry or action in any land, and his widow would be entitled to dower out of the same if he had recovered possession thereof, she shall be entitled to dower out of the same although her husband shah not have recovered possession thereof; provided that such dower be sued for or obtained within the period during which such right of entry or action might be enforced.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, that no widow shall be entitled to dower out of any land which shall have been absolutely disposed of by her husband in his lifetime, or by his will.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, that all partial estates and interests, and all charges created by any disposition or will of a husband, and all debts, incumbrances, contracts and engagements to which his land shall be subject or liable, shall be valid and effectual as against the right of his widow to dower.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, that a widow shall not be entitled to dower out of any land of her husband, when in the deed by which such land was conveyed to him, or by any deed executed by him, it shall be declared that his widow shall not be entitled to dower out of such land.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, that a widow shall not he entitled to dower out of any land of which her husband shall die wholly or partially intestate, when by the will of her husband, duly executed for the devise of freehold estates, he shall declare his intention that she shall not be entitled to dower out of such land or out of any of his land.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that the right of a widow to dower shall be subject to any conditions, restrictions or directions which shall be declared by the will of her husband, duly executed as aforesaid.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, that where a husband shall devise any land out of which his widow would be entitled to dower if the same were not so devised, or any estate or interest therein, to or for the benefit of his widow, such widow shall not be entitled to dower out of, or in, any land of her said husband, unless a contrary intention shall be declared by his will.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, that no gift or bequest made by any husband to or for the benefit of his widow of or out of his personal estate, or of

or

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

4)

or out of any of his land not liable to dower, shall defeat or prejudice her right ACTS of 1839. to dower unless a contrary intention shall be declared by his will. —

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, that nothing in this Agreement not to Act contained shall prevent any court of equity from enforcing any covenant baj; dov*er may be or agreement entered into by or on the part of any husband not to bar the right en orce '

of his widow to dower out of his lands or any of them.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall interfere with any rule of equity, or of any ecclesiastical court by which legacies bequeathed to widows in satisfaction of dower are entitled to priority over other legacies.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that no widow shall hereafter be entitled to dower ad ostium ecclesia or dower ex assensu patris.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, that this Act shall not extend to the dower of any widow who shall have been or shall be married on or before the 1st day of July 1840, and shall not give to any will, deed, contract, engagement or charge executed, entered into, or created, before the said 1st day of July 1840, the effect of defeating or prejudicing any right to dower.

XV. And it is hereby provided, that this Act shall not be construed to affect any right of property in land otherwise than by modifying the law of dower in cases governed by the English law of dower, or to extend or alter the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

Act not to take effect before the 1st July 1840,

Legacies in bar of dower still entitled to preference.

Certain dowers abolished.

ACT No. XXX. OF 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 16th December 1839.

AN Act for the amendment of the Law of Inheritance.

I. Whereas it is expedient to extend the amendments, in the English law of inheritance contained in the statute 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 106, to the territories of the East India Company in cases which, but for the passing of this Act, would be governed by the English law of inheritance as it existed previously to the passing of the aforesaid statute:

It is hereby enacted, that the words and expressions hereinafter mentioned. Weaning of words which in their ordinary signification have a more confined or a different mean- in the Act* ing, shall in this Act, except where the nature of the provision or the context of the Act shall exclude such construction, be interpreted as follows; (that is to say,) the word “ land” shall extend to messuages, and all other hereditaments, “ Land.” whether corporeal or incorporeal, and whether freehold or of any other tenure, and to money to be laid out in the purchase of land, and to chattels and other personal property transmissible to heirs, and also to any share of the same hereditaments and properties or any of them, and to any estate of inheritance or estate for any life or lives, or other estate transmissible to heirs, and to any possibility, right, or title of entry or action, and any other interest capable of being inherited, and whether the same estates, possibilities, rights, titles, and interests, or any of them, shall be in possession, reversion, remainder, or contingency ; and the words “ the purchaser ” shall mean the person who last “ the purchaser.” acquired the land otherw ise than by descent, or than by any escheat, partition, or enclosure, by the effect of which the land shall have become part of or descendible in the same manner as other land acquired by descent; and the word “ descent” shall mean the title to inherit land by reason of consanguinity, “ Descent.” as well where the heir shall be an ancestor or collateral relation, as where he shall be a child or other issue; and the expression “descendants” of any “Descendant." ancestor shall extend to all persons who must trace their descent through such ancestor ; and the expression “ the person last entitled to land” shall extend “ Person last to the last person who had a right thereto, whether he did or did not obtain entitled.” the possession, or the receipt of the rents and profits thereof; and the word “ assurance ” shall mean any deed or instrument other than a will by which “ Assurance.” any land shall be conveyed or transferred at law or in equity; and every word Nu|nber anci (Ten. importing the singular number only, shall extend and be applied to several der.

39. g 2 persons

42

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1839.

Descent shall always be traced from the purchaser, but the last owner shall be considered to be the purchaser, unless the contrary be proved.

Heir entitled under a will, shall take as devisee, and a limitation to the granter or his heirs shall create an estate by purchase.

Where heirs take by purchase under limitations to the heirs of their ancestors, the land shall descend as if the ancestor had been the purchaser.

Brothers, &c., shall trace descent through their parent.

Lineal ancestor may be heir in preference to collateral persons claiming through him.

The male line to be preferred.

The mother of more remote male ancestor to be preferred to the mother of the less remote male ancestor.

persons or things as well as one person or thing, and every word importing the masculine gender only, shall extend and be applied to a female as well as a male.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, that in every case descent shall be traced from the purchaser; and to the intent that the pedigree may never be carried further back than the circumstances of the case and the nature of the title shall require, the person last entitled to the land shall, for the purposes of this Act, be considered to have been the purchaser thereof, unless it shall be proved that he inherited the same, in which case the person from whom he inherited the same shall be considered to have been the purchaser, unless it shall be proved that he inherited the same, and in like manner the last person from whom the land shall be proved to have been inherited shall in every case be considered to have been the purchaser, unless it shall be proved that he inherited the same.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, that when any land shall have been devised by any testator who shall die after the 1st day of July 1840, to the heir or to the person who shall be the heir of such testator, such heir shall be considered to have acquired the land as a devisee, and not by descent; and when any land shall have been limited by any assurance executed after the said 1st day of July 1840, to the person or the heirs of the person who shall thereby have conveyed the same land, such person shall be considered to have acquired the same as a purchaser by virtue of such assurance, and shall not be considered to be entitled thereto as his former estate or part thereof.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, that when any person shall have acquired any land by purchase under a limitation to the heirs or to the heirs of the body of any of his ancestors, contained in an assurance executed after the said 1st day of July 1840, or under a limitation to the heir or to the heirs of the body of any of his ancestors, or under any limitation having the same effect, contained in a will of any testator who shall depart this life after the said 1st day of July 1840, then and in any of such cases such land shall descend, and the descent thereof shall be traced as if the ancestor named in such limitation had been the purchaser of such land.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, that no brother or sister shall be considered to inherit immediately from his or her brother or sister, hut every descent from a brother or sister shall be traced through the parent.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, that every lineal ancestor shall be capable of being heir to any of his issue, and in every case where there shall be no issue of the purchaser, his nearest lineal ancestor shall be his heir in preference to any person who would have been entitled to inherit, either by tracing his descent through such lineal ancestor, or in consequence of their being no descendant of such lineal ancestor, so that the father shall be preferred to a brother or sister, and a more remote lineal ancestor to any of his issue, other than a nearer lineal ancestor or his issue.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, that none of the maternal ancestors of the person from whom the descent is to be traced, nor any of their descendants, shall be capable of inheriting until all his paternal ancestors and their descendants shall have failed; and also that no female paternal ancestor of such person, nor any of her descendants, shall be capable of inheriting until all his male paternal ancestors and their descendants shall have failed; and that no female maternal ancestor of such person, or any of her descendants, shall be capable of inheriting until all his male maternal ancestors and their descendants shall have failed.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, that where there shall be a failure of male paternal ancestors of the person from whom the descent is to be traced, and their descendants, the mother of his more remote male paternal ancestors, or her descendants, shall be the heir or heirs of such person, in preference to the mother of a less remote male paternal ancestor, or her descendants ; and where there shall be a failure of male maternal ancestors of such person, and their descendants, the mother of his more remote male maternal ancestor, and her descendants, shall be the heir or heirs of such person in preference to the mother of a less remote male maternal ancestor, and her descendants.

IX. And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

43

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, that any person related to the person from whom the descent is to be traced by the half blood shall be capable of being his heir, and the place in which any such relation by the half blood shall stand in the order of inheritance, so as to be entitled to inherit, shall be next after any relation in the same degree of the whole blood, and his issue, where the common ancestor shall be a male, and next after the common ancestor where such common ancestor shall be a female, so that the brother of the half blood on the part of the father shall inherit next after the sisters of the whole blood on the part of the father and their issue, and the brother of the half blood on the part of the mother shall inherit next after the mother.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, that when the person from whom the descent of any land is to be traced shall have had any relation, who, having been attainted, shall have died before such descent shall have taken place, then such attainder shall not prevent any person from inheriting such land who would have been capable of inheriting the same by tracing his descent through such relation if he had not been attainted, unless such land shall have been escheated in consequence of such attainder before the 1st day of July 1840.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, that this Act shall not extend to any descent which shall take place on the death of any person who shall die before the said 1st day of July 1840.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, that where any assurance executed before the said 1st day of July 1840, or the will of any person who shall die before that time, shall contain any limitation or gift to the heir or heirs of any person under which the person or persons answering the description of heir shall be entitled to an estate by purchase, then the person or persons who would have answered such description of heir if this Act had not been made, shall become entitled by virtue of such limitation or gift, whether the person named as ancestor shall or shall not be living at the time aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby provided, that this Act shall not be construed to affect inheritances of land, which are not subject to the English law of inheritance, or to extend or alter the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

ACT No. XXXI. of 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 23d December 1839.

AN Act for remedying certain defects in the Statute 9 Geo. 4, c. 74, relating to the Coin.

I. Whereas it is expedient to remedy certain defects in the statute 9 Geo. 4, c. 74, of which the inconvenience is particularly experienced, relating to injuries to the coin:

It is hereby enacted, that if any person shall fraudulently clip, file, drill, deface, or debase any current gold or silver coin issued from any mint of the East India Company, or usually received as money in any part of the territories under the government of the East India Company, with intent to make the coin so clipped, filed, drilled, defaced, or debased, pass for the current gold or silver coin so issued, or usually received as money as aforesaid, every such offender shall be guilty of felony, and shall be liable, on conviction, at the discretion of the court, to be transported to such place as the court shall direct for life or any term of years, or to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding four years.

II. And it is hereby provided, that it shall not be lawful for any court under the authority of this Act, to order the transportation of any person being a native of the East Indies, and not born of European parents, to the eastern coast of New South Wales, or any of the islands adjacent thereto.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that this Act shall extend to all persons and over all places over whom or which the criminal jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice within the territories under the government of the East India Company extends, but not further, or otherwise.

39- g 3

ACTS of 1839.

Half blood, if on the part of a male ancestor, to inherit after the whole blood of the same degree ; if on the part of a female ancestor, after her.

After the death of a person attainted, his descendants may inherit.

Act not to extend to any descent before 1st July 1840.

Limitations made before the ist July 1840 to the heirs of a person then living, shall take effect as if the Act had not been made.

44

ACTS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

ACTS of 1839.

---- ACT No. XXXII. OF 1839.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 30th December 1839.

AN Act concerning the Allowance of Interest in certain cases.

I. Whereas it is expedient to extend to the territories under the government of the East India Company, as well within the jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s courts as elsewhere, the provisions of the statute 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 42, s. 28, concerning the allowance of interest in certain cases:

It is, therefore, hereby enacted, that upon all debts or sums certain payable at a certain time or otherwise, the court before which such debts or sums may be recovered, may, if it shall think fit, allow interest to the creditor at a rate not exceeding the current rate of interest from the time when such debts or sums certain were payable, if such debts or sums be payable by virtue of some written instrument at a certain time, or if payable otherwise, then from the time when demand of payment shall have been made in writing, so as such demand shall give notice to the debtor that interest will be claimed from the date of such demand until the term of payment; provided, that interest shall be payable in all cases in which it is now payable by law.

EAST INDIES.

ACTS of the Government of India, passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council, for the Year 1839.

[Pretented in pursuance of the Act 3 £jf 4 Will. 4, c. 85, 1. 51.J

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to 6c Printed,

11 February 1841.

[Price

39-

Under 8 oz.

