EAST INDIA.

COPY of the ACTS passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council, for the Year 1840; with Index. — (Pursuant to Act.)

East India House, \ 24 February 1842,J

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to be Printed, 25 February 1842.

ACTS of the Government of India.

ACT No. I. of 1840.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 27th January 1840.

An Act for regulating the Procedure on Trials referred to the Court of

Foujdaree Adawlut at Madras.

I. Whereas the dispensing with a futwa, in cases referred to the Court of Foujdaree Adawlut at Madras, will be attended with great convenience; and the futwa may be dispensed with in that court, without altering or impairing the authority of the Mahometan law; it is therefore hereby enacted, that in trials referred to the said Court of Foujdaree Adawlut at Madras, that court shall not be required to take a futwa from their law officers : provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said court to dispense with the Mahometan law in any case which, before the passing of this Act, would have been determinable according to that law by the said court.

ACT No. II. of 1840.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council

on the 10th February 1840.

An Act for regulating the Execution of Sentences of Imprisonment passed by

Courts Martial in certain cases.

I. It is hereby declared and enacted, that whenever under Act No. XXIII. of 1839, any sentence of a Court Martial shall adjudge imprisonment, or imprisonment with labour, for any offence, it shall be the duty of every judge, magistrate, sheriff or other officer in charge of any gaol, to give effect to such sentence on the offender being delivered into his custody, and on being furnished with a copy of the sentence by the officer commanding the division, garrison, regiment or detachment, as the case may be, to which the offender belongs.

ACT No. III. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 17th February 1840.

For the Incorporation of a Bank at Bombay.

Whereas the Honourable Court of Directors of the East India Company, by and with the approbation of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, have sanctioned the establishment of a Bank at Bombay on the same principles as were prescribed for and have been observed in the re-incorporation of the Bank of Bengal, by Act No. VI. of 1839: and whereas the said Court of Directors have

5^- a directed

ACTS of 1840.

2

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840.

directed the body of proprietors in existence at the date of the despatch which contained the said sanction for the incorporation of a Bank of Bombay to be the proprietors in whose favour the Act of Incorporation is to be passed :

It is therefore hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of April next ensuing, in the year of our Lord 1840, the persons whose names are included in the Schedule hereunto annexed, provided that they, with the Government of Bombay on the part of the East India Company, have paid up the amount of capital stock subscribed by them respectively, or such of them as have so paid up their subscriptions, shall, together with the Governor in Council for the time being of the Island and Presidency of Bombay, be a corporation, body corporate and politic, by name of the Bank of Bombay, with perpetual succession to them and their successors as proprietors for the time being of the said bank as hereafter mentioned and provided, and shall possess and enjoy all the rights, privileges and immunities incident by law to a corporation aggregate :

Provided, however, that it shall be lawful for the Governor-General of India in Council, at anytime before the 1st May next, to rectify any errors in the Schedule of the said proprietors by notice in the official Gazettes of Calcutta and Bombay, so that no alteration be made in the principles upon which such Schedule has been framed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the capital stock of the Bank of Bombay shall in amount not be less than 50 lakhs of rupees, nor, unless increased as hereinunder provided, more than 56 lakhs, whereof three lakhs of rupees shall be the property of the Governor in Council of Bombay; and the persons whose names are in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, provided that the amount of stock subscribed for by them be paid up on or before the 1st April next, be proprietors of the shares of the said capital stock set against their names respectively, together with any further persons whose claims shall be admitted before the 1st May next, on their paying up the stock to which they may be so admitted upon or before the said 1st May next; and if any of the proprietors named in the said Schedule shall not have duly paid up in full the amount of capital stock to which he or they are entitled, the shares of such stock that may be so unpaid (provided that the total amount that may so lapse do not reduce the capital stock of the bank below the sum of 50 lakhs of rupees) shall be cancelled; and if the lapsed shares cause the aggregate of the capital stock to be less than 50 lakhs of rupees, then so much stock as may be necessary to complete that sum shall be sold by public auction in lots of 1,000 rupees, on such date, not being later than the 1st of May next, as may be fixed by the Governor in Council of Bombay; and the amount realized at such sale, after making good the capital stock, shall be passed to credit as a profit at the disposal of the bank,

III. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be in the power of the Governor-General of India in Council, from time to time, by an order duly published in the Government Gazettes of Calcutta and of Bombay, to authorize the said capital stock to be increased, and to make such order and direction for the opening of subscriptions towards such increase of capital as to him may seem fit, giving due notice thereof to the proprietors of the said bank for the time being, and allowing to them a period of not less than 12 months to fill up such subscription themselves, and likewise to prescribe in what manner and form the proprietors shall subscribe and pay into the said bank the proportion of new stock to which they may respectively be entitled; and also to make such order and direction, as to him the said Governor-General in Council may seem fit, for the disposal of the amount of new stock that may not be subscribed for, and paid up by the proprietors in the manner and form that may be so prescribed.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that the capital stock of the Bank of Bombay shall be divided into shares of 1,000 rupees each, which shall be numbered accordingly, and 300 of the said shares, numbered from No. 1 to 300, shall be the property of the Governor in Council of Bombay, and the remainder shall be the property of the proprietors who may pay up the same; and no separate interest or share in the stock of the said bank of less amount than 1,000 rupees shall be created or held by any proprietor; and if at any time the capital of the said bank shall be increased, the new stock added thereto shall in like manner be divided into shares of 1,000 rupees each, and no proprietor shall be entitled to claim a share of such new stock of less amotint than 1,000 rupees.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

3

V. And it is hereby enacted, that on the said 1st day of April 1840, or on some ACTS of 1840.

early day after that date, the Governor in Council of Bombay shall notify in the

official Gazette of that presidency, that the Government share of the capital stock

of the Bank of Bombay has been paid up, and shall publish in the said Gazette a list of the proprietors by whom the shares of the said capital stock subscribed for by them respectively have been paid; and the Bank of Bombay, being incorporated as above provided, shall from the date of such notification be opened for the transaction of all manner of business authorized by this Act; and the said bank shall and may sue and be sued by its corporate name, and shall and may use such common seal as the directors of the said bank shall from time to time appoint, and shall be competent to acquire and hold, either absolutely or conditionally, for a term or in perpetuity, any description of property whatever, and to transfer and convey the same.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that payment of the amount of subscriptions to the capital stock shall be made to the sub-treasurer of the Government of Bombay for the time being, who will grant receipts for the same, and hold the amount as a deposit in the treasury until the publication by the Governor in Council of Bombay of the notification prescribed in Section V. of this Act, when he will deliver the amount so subscribed to the directors of the bank, to be appointed as hereinafter provided.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that after the said delivery of the amount of capital stock to the directors of the bank, the receipts granted by the subtreasurer of the Government of Bombay, in the manner provided in Section VI. of this Act, shall be cancelled, and a certificate, signed by three directors of the Bank of Bombay, shall be delivered to each proprietor; and any person who is a proprietor of more than one share of the capital stock may at his option demand a certificate for each of his shares, or one certificate for all his shares, or several certificates, each of which may be for any number of his shares.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that no proprietor shall be allowed to increase his share in the capital stock of the said bank beyond the amount of one lakh and 60,000 rupees, excepting on occasion of any increase being made to the capital stock of the said bank, under the authority of the Governor-General in Council, in the manner prescribed in Section III. of this Act; in which case any proprietor holding stock to the full amount of one lakh and 60,000 rupees snail, notwithstanding, be entitled to subscribe to the increased capital stock in a rateable proportion, and excepting any addition to his interest in the said capital stock arising from succession, bequest or marriage.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that the said share or shares of the capital stock of the said bank shall be of the nature of personal estate of the proprietors thereof respectively, and that the same shall be transferable by indorsement to be made on the certificates thereof respectively, under the hand of the proprietor or proprietors, or his, her or their attorney duly authorized, which indorsement shall specify the name of the person or persons to whom the said transfer shall be made : provided, that no such indorsement shall be effectual to transfer any such share or shares until such indorsement shall have been registered at the Bank of Bombay, and such registration shall have been noted on such indorsement under the hand of an officer appointed for that purpose by the directors of the said bank.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that the said corporate body of the Bank of Bombay shall consist and be composed of the registered proprietors for the time being of the said shares of the capital stock of the said bank, and of no other person or persons whatsoever.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that the business of the said bank shall be managed by nine directors, of whom three shall be appointed and removable by the Governor in Council of Bombay, and the remaining six shall be elected by the general meeting of the proprietors of the said bank, and shall be removable by vote of the majority of a general meeting of the said proprietors.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that the first directors of the said Bank of Bombay shall be such three persons as may be appointed by the Governor in Council of Bombay to be directors of the bank, together with six persons of those

58. a 2 whose

4

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840. whose names are inserted in the Schedule annexed to this Act, and who, being " " 1 entitled to not less than 12 shares or 12,000 rupees of the capital stock of the said

bank, shall be elected at a general meeting of the persons whose names are inserted in the said Schedule, to be held in the Town-hall of Bombay, at such time as the Governor in Council of Bombay may fix by public notification in the official Gazette of that presidency; and the election shall be made by the persons who, according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be entitled to shares of the capital stock of the bank; and the said persons shall vote at such election in person or by proxy, according to the quantity of stock respectively held by them, as if they were proprietors to all intents and purposes of the shares for which they are entitled to subscribe; and the directors so appointed shall appoint officers, and take all necessary steps for opening the bank when this Act shall take effect, for its incorporation ; and the rotation amongst the six directors first appointed under the next preceding section shall be established according to the number of votes; the two directors elected by the fewest votes first vacating, and the next two in the year following, and so in succession in the third year.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that two of the six directors elected as provided in Section XII. and to be elected by the proprietors, shall in rotation go out of office on the second Monday in the month of December in every year, on which day in every year a general meeting of proprietors shall be held for the election of two directors in their stead: provided always, that any director going out by rotation as aforesaid may not be re-elected at the election which takes place thereupon.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that in case of the death, resignation or absence from Bombay for more than three months, or disqualification under Section XV., or removal as aforesaid, of any directors elected as provided in Section XII., or to be elected by the proprietors after the incorporation of the Bank of Bombay, the directors shall call a general meeting of the proprietors, to be held within 15 days of the day of notice, for the purpose of choosing a successor, and such successor shall come into the same place in rotation above mentioned in which the late director was.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that no person shall be capable of serving as a director by election of the proprietors, who shall not be proprietor in his own right and unincumbered of 12 shares of 12,000 rupees of the capital stock of the Bank of Bombay, or who shall be a director of any other bank issuing notes payable on demand within the town or island of Bombay.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that at a general meeting of the proprietors, every election and other matter in question shall be decided by a majority of votes, and that no person shall be allowed to vote at any such meeting in respect of any share of the said capital stock acquired by transfer or purchase, or otherwise than by the act of law, unless such transfer shall have been completed six months at the least before the time of tendering such vote.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, that at all such general meetings the proprietors shall vote according to the following scale:

The proprietor of shares of 1,000 rupees shall be entitled

99

99

99

99

99

99

and no proprietor

20 , ,» >»

40 , , ,

fiO i« »

80 , , it

120 , , ,

160 , ), »>

shall be entitled to more than seven votes.

to 1 vote.

2 99

3 99

4 99

5 99

6 99

7 99

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council of Bombay to give a proxy in writing, signed by one of the secretaries to Government, to any person whom the Governor of Bombay may appoint, to attend any general meeting of the proprietors, and that the holder of such proxy shall be entitled to give seven votes upon all matters or questions that may be submitted to such meeting, except upon the election or removal of such directors as are elected by the said proprietors.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

5

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, that any proprietor or proprietors entitled to ACTS of 1840.

vote at any general meeting, may give a proxy in writing, either general or special, ......

under his, her or their hand, or the hand of his, her or their attorney duly authorized, to any other proprietor, and that such proxy shall be produced at the

time of voting, and that such proxy shall entitle the person to whom it is given to vote on such matter or matters as shall be authorized by the tenor of such proxy.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, that at the first meeting of the directors in every year, they shall choose a president from among themselves, and if the office of president shall become vacant, they shall, at their next meeting, choose a successor for the remainder of the current year; and that during any vacancy, or in the absence of the president, the senior director shall be vice-president for the time, and that such president or vice-president shall have the casting vote in all cases of an equal division of votes at meetings either of directors or proprietors.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, that the presence of at least three directors shall be necessary to form a board for the transaction of business, and the said directors shall establish a weekly rotation among themselves, so that not less than three directors may attend every meeting of directors: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be held to preclude any director from attending any meeting df directors.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, that all accounts of the said bank, and all instruments not under seal, whereby the said bank can in any manner be bound, except the cash notes of the said bank, shall be signed by three directors, and shall be of no validity unless so signed, and that the seal of the said bank shall not be affixed to any instrument except in the presence of three directors, who shall sign their names on the instrument in token of their presence, and that such signing shall be independent of the signing of any person who may sign the instrument as a witness, and that unless so signed by three directors, such instrument shall be of no validity.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the said directors shall have power to appoint such officers as may be necessary to conduct the business of the said bank, and to remove any officer of the said bank, and to fix the salaries of such officers, provided that the whole expense of the establishment of the said bank shall not in any one year exceed 60,000 rupees, without authority from the general meeting of the proprietors.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that no person who shall hold the office of secretary, treasurer, head accountant, or head shroff of the Bank of Bombay, shall engage in any other commercial business, either on his own account or as agent for any other person or persons, or act as a broker for the sale or purchase of Government securities, and that every person appointed to any one or more of the said offices shall give security to the directors for the faithful discharge of his duty, in the sum of 50,000 rupees.

XXV. And it is hereby enacted, that the said Bank of Bombay shall not be engaged in any kind of business except the kinds of business hereafter specified;

(that is to say)

1. The discounting of negotiable securities.

2. The keeping of cash accounts, including the realization of dividends and

interest on Government securities to the credit of constituents of the bank.

3. Buying and selling of bills of exchange payable in India.

4. The lending of money on short loans.

5. The buying and selling of bullion.

6. The receiving of deposits.

7. The issuing and circulating of cash notes and bank post bills.

8. The selling of property or securities deposited in the bank as security for

loans and not redeemed, or of property or securities recovered by the bank in satisfaction of debts and claims.

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said bank shall discount no negotiable security, and make no loan, unless the amount of cash in possession of the said bank, and immediately available, shall be equal to at least

58. a 3 one-fourth

6

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840.

one-fourth of all the claims against the said bank outstanding for the time being, and payable on demand.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said Bank of Bombay shall Dot discount any negotiable securities which shall have a longer period to run than three months, or lend any money for a longer period than three months; and that they shall make no loan or advance on any bank share or certificate of shares, nor on mortgage, or in any other manner on the security of any lands, houses or immovable property, nor on any negotiable security of any individual or partnership firm, which shall not carry on it the several responsibilities of at least two persons or firms unconnected with each other in general partnership, nor be in advance at one and the same time to any individual or partnership firm, either by way of discount, loan or in any other manner (saving by loans upon the deposit of Government securities, or goods not perishable as hereinafter mentioned), beyond the amount of three lakhs of Company’s rupees : provided always, that the advances upon bills of exchange accepted by the Government, or upon other Government obligations, shall not be considered as an advance within the meaning of this restriction.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said bank shall make no loan other than such loans as are described in the clause next preceding, except on deposit of public securities to the full amount of the loan, and which public securities shall be so indorsed or transferred as to put them at the absolute disposal of the said Bank of Bombay, or on deposit of goods not of a perishable nature, and of estimated value exceeding the amount of the loan by at least one-fourth.

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted, that the said bank shall not be at any time in advance to the Government more than seven lakhs and a half of Company’s rupees: provided always, that the holding of Government securities or of bills of exchange drawn upon the Government, or of other Government acceptances or obligations derived to the said bank from individuals, and not overdue, or subscribed and paid for by the bank, shall not be construed as being in advance to the Government within the meaning of this clause.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said Bank of Bombay shall not suffer any person or persons, or body corporate keeping cash with the said Bank of Bombay, to overdraw his, her or their account.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, that the said Bank of Bombay may issue promissory notes, payable either on demand, or at a date not exceeding 30 days after sight, which notes shall and may be signed on behalf of the said bank by such person as the directors of the said bank may appoint or authorize in that behalf: provided always, that the total amount of such notes in circulation at any one time shall not exceed two crores of rupees : and provided also, that no such note shall be for a smaller amount than 10 rupees.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the said bank to make, issue or negotiate any note, bill or other instrument containing any promise, undertaking or order for the payment of money elsewhere than within the limits of India.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the directors of the said Bank of Bombay to receive in deposit goods not of a perishable kind, and to contract for the safe keeping of the same.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that the directors of the said bank shall cause the books of the said bank to be balanced on the 30th day of June and the 31st of December in every year, and that a settlement of the balance on every such day, signed by a majority of the said directors, shall be forthwith transmitted to one of the secretaries to the Governor in Councilor Bombay, and that the Governor in Council of Bombay shall at all times be entitled to require of the said directors any information touching the affairs of the said bank, and the production of any documents of the said bank, and that the said directors shall comply with every such requisition.

XXXV. And it is hereby enacted, that an account of the profits of the said bank shall be taken half-yearly on the 1st day of January and the 1st day of

July

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

7

July in every year, and that a dividend thereof shall be made so soon thereafter ACTS of 1840.

as conveniently may be, and that the amount of such dividend shall be determined r

by the directors of the said bank, on the ground of the actual profits made by the

said bank during the six calendar months preceding the day up to which such

half-yearly account shall be taken : provided, that such reasonable expenses as

have been incurred in procuring this Act of Incorporation shall, upon being

audited and admitted by the said directors, be paid out of the funds of the bank

as soon as it is opened for business, and that the amount so paid shall be defrayed

out of the future profits of the bank at the discretion of the directors: and provided,

that the said directors shall have power, when they see fit, to set apart from such

profits a sum not exceeding five per cent, on the capital stock of the bank as a

reserve against contingencies.

XXXVI. And it is hereby enacted, that on the first Monday of the month of August in every year, a general meeting of the proprietors of the capital stock of the said bank shall be held, at which the directors of the said bank shall submit to the said proprietors a statement of the affairs of the said bank made up to the preceding 30th of June, and such general meeting shall be competent to pass resolutions and frame rules and directions relative to the affairs and conduct of the said bank, which shall be binding on the directors and officers of the bank, and on the proprietors thereof, until rescinded or modified respectively by any subsequent general meeting.

XXXVII. And it is hereby enacted, that any three of the said directors of the said bank, or any 10 proprietors of the capital stock of the said bank, may at any time convene a general meeting of the proprietors, upon giving 15 days’ previous notice of such meeting, and of the purpose or purposes for which the same shall be convened, as well to the directors of the said bank for the time being, as also by public advertisement in the official Gazette of Bombay.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Bank of Bombay, with the sanction of the Governor in Council of Bombay, to establish branch banks at such places, and under such rules and restrictions, as shall be determined by the proprietors at their general meetings: provided, however, that such branch banks, when so established, besides being subject to the rules and restrictions that may be imposed by the proprietors, and to the control and orders of the directors of the Bank of Bombay, shall be bound by the same rules as to the description of business in which they are to engage, and the manner of conducting such business, and likewise in respect to the issue of notes payable on demand, and the retention of cash to meet the same, and in all transactions and matters herein above referred to, as are prescribed for the Bank of Bombay by this Act.

XXXIX. And it is further enacted, that if any of the said proprietors shall become indebted to the said bank, it shall be lawful for the said bank to withhold payment of the dividends on the share or shares of such proprietor registered as his or her own property, and not as held in trust, or as executor or administrator, until payment of such debt, and to apply such dividends towards payment thereof; and that after demand and default of payment, and notice in that behalf given, either to such proprietor, or his or her constituted agent, or by public advertisement in the official Gazette, it shall be lawful for the said bank to refuse registration of the transfer of any such share or shares of such proprietor until payment of such debt; and if the same shall remain unpaid for the space of six months after such notice, to advertise for public sale, and to sell.such share or shares, or so many as may be necessary, and to apply the proceeds thereof towards payment of such debt, with interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, paying over the surplus, if any, to such proprietor, or his or her lawful representative.

XL. And it is further enacted, that the said bank shall continue as hereby constituted until the 1st day of April which will be in the year of our Lord 1847, and shall thereafter continue in like manner until duly dissolved or modified: provided, however, that after the said 1st day of April 1847, the said bank shall not, except upon the application or by the consent of the said bank, be dissolved, or anywise modified, without previous notice of 12 months at the least being given to the directors of the said bank for the time being of such intended dissolution or modification: provided also, that in the event of the said bank at any time suspending cash payments, the benefits granted to the said bank by the present Act of Incorporation shall be thenceforth forfeited.

58. a 4 Schedule

8

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840. Schedule of the Names of the Shareholders in the Bank of Bombay.

Ayrton, F. - - - - 14 Cowasjee Manookjee Bhaudoop - 75

Atkinson, Hugh - - 5 Cursetjee Cowasjee Bhadoop - 50

Ashbumer, Luke - 75 Cowasjee Hormusjee Mama - - 5

Ashburner, George - 75 Cursetjee Dorabjee - 2

Anderson, C. W. - 23 Cursetjee Rustomjee - - 2

Aganoor, James - - - - 1 Campbell, Major Neil - m 9

Arnott, F. S. - 1 Cowasjee Dhunjee - 2

Allan, Wm. - - 9 Cursetjee Nasserwanjee - 7

Asponkerjee Dossaboy - - 1 Chedanund Dennsejee - 1

Atmaram Kesson Bhandaree - - 20 Cowasjee Eduljee Mody - 5

Aga Mahomed Currim - - 9 Cristnath Narronjee - 9

Aga Mahomed Rahim Serazee - 23 Cowasjee Framjee - 5

Anundrow Vencajee - - 5 Dickenson, Colonel - 23

Ardaseer Hormusjee Santook - 1 Dadaboy Rutunjee - 4

Anundrow Ragoonathjee - 2 Dinshaw Nanabhoy Damon - m 5

Anundro Gunput Senoy - 2 Davies, J. M. - - m 5

Ardaseer Framjee Dawar - 5 Doveton, Bazett - m 18

Ardaseer Byramjee Fuckerjee - 2 Dhunjeebhoy Cursetjee - 5

Bagnold, Colonel M. E. - 20 Davidson, F. M. • 20

Bax, John - - 11 Dossabhoy Framjee Mama - mm 5

Brown, F. C. - 23 Dinshaw Furdonjee m 9

Bainbridge, J. H. - 75 De Silva, Mariana - 1

Brooks, Colonel G. B. - - 9 De Jesus, Manoel • 5

Barr, Colonel D. - - 20 Don, James - - - 9

Barr, H. J. - 3 Deos Remedies Ignacio m 2

Barr, J. T. - - 2 Dorabjee Muncherjee -Dossabhoy Merwanjee - m 3

Byramjee Muncheijee - - 1 - 5

Bonamy, Captain J. - 23 Dossabhoy Cursetjee Wadia - - 5

Borradaile, H. - - 23 Dossabhoy Jamsetjee - - 5

Barretto, Joao - - 1 De Silla, Pascoal M. - m 10

Beck, W. W. - 1 Dossabhoy Sorabjee Moonshee m 9

Ball, H. - - 2 Dossabhoy Jamsetjee Wadia Dent, C. R. ... m 5

Bocarro, J. J. - - 1 - 9

Bird, James ... - 14 Denhaw Hurmusjee Patell - 2

Bruce, W. C. - 9 Dhunjeeboy Merwanjee Wadia - 5

Brown, F. C. - 9 Davidson, Duncan - 2

Burt, Thomas William - 14 Dedshaw Rustomjee . 3

Burjojee Manockjee Chenae - - 2 Denshaw Dadabhoy Gandee - 1

Bappoo Ragoonath Josey - 3 Daughters, Six, of Framjee Cowasjee 27

Bhasker, Sunderjee - 2 Dadabhoy Pestonjee - 75

Byramjee Dadabhoy Cursetjilah - 3 Egan, J. B. Elliott, A. W. m 9

Byramjee Solabjee Guzdeer - - 9 mm 2

Buchoobhoy Merwanjee - 3 Eisdale, D. A. m 8

Bowany Sunker Ransord Senoy - 2 Elliott, G. L. - m 9

Bomanjee Muncherjee Guzurat - 2 Earle, Capt. E. M. m 1

Bhimjee Dhunjee Woomrigur - 9 Ennis, Capt. E. M. m 1

Caujee Chatoor - - - - 14 Edmond, Wm. - - - • 18

Cowasjee Manikjee - 1 Eduljee Framjee Coran^e m 3

Church, W. ... - 50 Fraser, Simon . - - - 70

Cowasjee Narrabhoy - - 5 Framjee Nanabhoy m 5

Cogan, Capt. R. -Caldecott, John - - 20 - 10 Frith, I. G. Fletcher, Alexander, as trustee of 24

Clibbom, Capt. Thomas - 5 Messrs. Fergusson, Turner & Co.

Coghlan, W. - - - - 9 Furdonjee Lunjee - 10

Cardwell, Thomas * - 10 Framjee Nasserwanjee - - 9

Collett, L. A. - 9 Framjee Ruttonjee - 19

Cursetjee Ardaseer - 75 Framjee Cowasjee • 67

Cursetjee Ardaseer, trustee to his Foster, Capt. Robert - • 9

daughter .... - 75 Framjee Jewajee Gandena « T 9

Cursetjee Cowasjee Banajee - - 50 Framjee Muncherjee Colah - + 9

Cowasjee Manookjee Billiah - - 1 Framjee Coonverjee - 2

Framjee

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA. -9

Schedule of the Names of the Shareholders, &c. — continued.

Framjee Nasserwanjee Patell - 20 Langford, J. W. - - - 27

Fearon, Col. P. - - 23 Lodwick, Col. P. - - - 45

Framjee Cowasjee, Mrs. - 14 Lowjee Muncherjee Wadia - - 23

Fraser, J. - - 18 Loyola Ge Ignacio - 1

Fraser, H. B. (C. S.) * - 14 Merwanjee Dadabhoy Wadia - 14

Gordon, H. G. - 75 Malcolm, Gapt. Sir Charles - - 10

Graham, John ... - 10 Moor, Major G. - - 20

Greenhill, David - - 75 Mackie, Wm. - 50

Grey, W. S. - - 45 Manockjee Nowrojee - - 10

Gunput Bapsia Bhandaree - - 7 Morris, W. R. - 37

Gama, J. C. - - 9 Morgan, E. C. - - 75

Griffith, Col. J. G. - - - 7 Madoo Narron - - 50

Gunputron Sudaseerjee - 2 Murphy, R. X. - - 14

Gordon, Col. G. T. - 23 Manockjee Nasserwanjee Petty - 10

Grandchildren of Framjee Cowasjee 18 Mainwaring, W. - - - - 6

Hunter, Walter - - - 29 Mant, G. J. - 5

Hunter, W. F. - 20 Milne, John, Jr. - 21

Henderson, Capt. W. - - 60 McLeod, John - - - - 5

Henderson, Alex. - 9 McDonald, J. M. - 25

Henderson, Dr. - . - - 5 Muncherjee Framjee Cama - - 45

Hyslop, J* - - - 3 Merwanjee Lunjee - 5

Hurmusjee Perstonjee Bottlewalla. - 2 Merwanjee Hormasjee - • 5

Hormusjee Pestonjee - 3 Muncherjee Burgorjee Mody - -11

Hemson, John - - 1 Muncherjee Hormasjee Cama - it

Howard, Wm. - - 10 Merwanjee Khodabux - - 23

Hormusjee Monockjee Major - 2 Morgan, Capt. W. - 18

Hutchinson, Frederick - - 3 Manockjee Cursetjee Jewajee - 9

Heeijeebboy Nursungjee - 1 McCallum, Wm. - 9

Hebbert, W. G. - r . 2 McMahon, Capt. B. - 9

Hall, Capt. J. H. - - - - 1 Mackinlay, Capt. J. H. - 36

Hollings, Lieut. G. E. - - 9 Munro, C. G. G. - - 1

Hutt, B., Esq. - - 2 Munmobun Dass Davidass - - 18

Ironside, Hon. -Edward - 50 Manockjee Cursetjee - - 3

Ingle, H. - - 3 Madowrow Rogoonathjee - 2

Jehangeer Nasserwanjee Wadia - 20 Murray, J. - - 9

Jameson, Capt. G. J. - - 5 Mackenzie, Rebecca - 9

James, Col. C. B. - 15 Moyle, J. G. - 9

Jeejeebhoy Dadabhoy - - 19 Malvery, J. J. - - 4

Jeejeebhoy Byramjee - - 2 Moyle, Dr. A. - - - - 9

Jehangeer Framjee Josawalla - 9 Manockjee Muncherjee - 1

Jehangeer Byramjee - 5 Manockjee Lunjee - 5

Jemetjee Merwanjee Cacah - - 2 Merwanjee Framjee - 4

Jaganath Sunkersett - 68 Merwanjee Byramjee Luckaree - 1

Jehangeer Nasserwanjee Wadia, for Merwanjee Aspondiarjee - 9

his sister Soneboy - 18 Miller, John ... - 45

Jamsetjee Burjorjee - 1 McLennan, John - 23

Jehangeer Framjee Cowasjee- - 9 Newport, Capt. C. - 50

Jamardonjee Abbajee - - 1 Nesserwanjee Eduljee Paruck - 2

Kennett, Capt. V. F. - - 5 Nicol, J. D. - 25

Keshow Runsordjee - 5 Nanabboy Nowrojee - - 8

Kennett, Col. B. - - 9 Nesserwanjee Nowrojee - 18

Kennedy, R. R. - - 9 Nowrojee Cowasjee - 2

Khemchund Hureechund - 5 Nainsey Thackersay - 5

Khemchund Motecchand - 23 Naylor, Capt. C. J. - 2

Luis, Thomas . - ~ - . - J Norowjee Rustomjee Nadarshaw - 4

Little, James - - 10 Owen, H. F. - 33

Lela Mohun Pasta - 5 Ogilvie, Col. J. - - 30

Landon, S. - - 2 Owen, Mrs. H. F. (her trustees) - 15

Larkins, J. P. - - 23 Orton, J. - 14

Lindsay, — - . 22 Ord, Capt. Richard - 9

Le Messurier, A. S. - 9 Ottley, W. J. - - 2

58. B Palanjee

ACTS of 1840:

10

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840. Schedule of the Names of the Shareholders, &c. — continued.

Palanjee Pestonjee • - 9 Salter, General James F. - • 27'

Pollexfen, George - - 18 Smyttan, George • - 18

Penley, Capt. G. F. - - 5 Scott, John • - 9

Patch, James - - 61 Succaram Rugoonath Josey - _ 2

Patch, John - - 5 Sorabjee Rustomjee m - 8

Powell, Col. Thomas - - - 23 Sorabjee Dorabjee - - 3

Powell, Col. S. - - • 18 Sapoorjee Sorabjee Patell - - 2

Pestonjee Framjee - - 4 Seitz, Mrs. M. A. R. - - m 1

Pestonjee Cursetjee Cama m - 2 Seton, Capt. Bruce - - 9

Pestonjee Dadabhoy Wadia - - 8 Saunders, Capt. J. - - 2

Pallonjee Dhumjee m - 5 Sorabjee Eduljee Majorna - • - 3

Phillips, J. L. m - 9 Sunker Venoo Senoy - - - 1

Pestonjee Hormusjee Mama - - 5 Smith, Robert - m 50

Pestonjee Hormusjee (Andison) - 5 Saunders, Frederick - - 3

Pestonjee Hormusjee Santook - 1 Savuckloll Virzloll - - 9

Preedy, H. W. - - - 1 Simson, J. B. m • 19

Pringle, Capt. A. W. - - - 9 Stubbs, W. • - 9

Poondlick Ramsord Leony - - 1 Stewart, C. S. • m 23

Palonjee Eduljee - - 9 Stewart, Alexander - - 5

Paul, Capt. G. J. C. - - - 9 St. John, Robert - m - 1

Pestonjee Framjee Cowasjee - - 9 Sutherland, G. - - - m 3

Pestonjee Rustomjee - - - 5 Torah Suxuma - - - 5

Pottinger, Col. Henry - - - 20 Tamer, Thomas - • - 4

Premjeewan Anoopdass - - 18 Turner, Capt. W. - - 4

Pew, Major G. L. - > 68 Tarrachund Vassoonjee - - 5

Prinsep, G. A. - - - 45 Thomson, W.- - 27

Pursotum Das Pranjeewandas - 27 Truscott, C. H. - - m 45

Richmond, F. R. - - 10 Tyler, W. H. - m 18

Robertson, Col. Archibald - - 75 Valiant, Col. T. - - • 9

Robertson, Major H. D. - - 15 Vaughan, J., Esq. - - 18

Robertson, Hy. Morris - - 23 Venerajee Meijee - - 14

Roberts, Walter - - - 10 Vibart, John - • 18

Ross, John - - - 18 Wright, J. - - m 25

Ragoonath Crustna Josey - - 4 Willoughby, J. P. - m 25

Rowland, Capt. J. H. - - - 23 Wood, Col. E. M. • m 20

Rose, Capt. W. - - - 5 Wood, Col. E. M. (as trustee for >

Robson, Thomas - - - 1 Mrs. H. Morgan) m m 30

Rustomjee Sorabjee Mody • - 1 Wuckutchund Cooshalchund m 27

Ruttonjee Dadabhoy Cola - - 54 Wathen, W. H. - m - 25

Ruttonjee Cursetjee - - 3 Williamson, Thomas m m 38

Rogaba Jeemajee - - 5 Whitehill, Col. Stephen - - 18

Rooganath Hurreechundjee - - 5 Wassodew Wissoanatbjee - - 5

Ragoonath Samoo Senoy m - 2 Wittoba Wassodewjee - - - 1

Rustomjee Hormusjee Cama - 1 Watson, H. B. - • 3

Reynolds, P. A. - - 9 Watson, J. W. - m 9

Santokejee Nanabhoy - • - 5 Wiltshire, Col. Thomas - - 68

Spiller, Major W. - - 10 Wight, Robert - - 9

Scott, Dr. J. ~ - 5 Ward, Mary Ann - - 11

Sprott, Capt. W. - - - 14 Watkins, F. W. - - - 5

Swanson, Capt. J. - - 24 Wilson, Capt. J. H. - 5

Skinner, John - - 50 Wilson, Lieut.-Col. P. P. - - 2

Stuart, G. A. - - 9 Waddington, Capt. C. - m • 45

Sorabjee Cowasjee - - 9 Weeks, F. P. - - 9

Sinclair, James - m - 40 Warden, John - 9

Simson, Wm. m - 20 Young, D. A. - - 18

5,208

Note. — In the event of the death before the 1st April 1840 of any individuals in the above Schedule, the shares against their names shall be the property of their estates.

ACT

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

11

ACT No. IV. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 17th February 1840.

An Act for preventing Affrays concerning the Possession of Land, and for providing Relief in cases of forcible Dispossession, within the Presidency of Fo rt

William in Bengal.

I. Whereas it is expedient to remove doubts which have arisen upon the interpretation of Regulation XV. of 1824, and to amend the law for preventing affrays concerning the possession of land, and for giving relief in cases of forcible dispossession, and to extend it to cases not hitherto provided for, and to make it applicable to persons of every class or description, whether British-born subjects or others:

It is hereby enacted, that Regulation XLIX. of 1793; Regulation XIV. of 1795; RegulationXXXII.of 1803; SectionV., Regulation VI.of 1813; RegulationXV. of 1824; and Regulation II, of 1829, of the Bengal code, together with so much of any Regulations as extends any of the above Regulations or parts of Regulations to any places within the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, be repealed.

i

II. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever any magistrate, or other officer exercising the powers of a magistrate, may be certified that a dispute likely to induce a breach of the peace exists concerning any land, premises, water, fisheries, crops, or other produce of land, within the limits of his jurisdiction, he shall record a proceeding, stating the grounds of his being so certified, and shall call on all parties concerned in such dispute (whether proprietors, dependent talookdars, farmers, under-farmers, ryots or other persons) to attend his court in person, or by agent, within a reasonable time, and to give in a written statement of their respective claims as respects the fact of actual possession of the subject of dispute ; and the magistrate or other officer as aforesaid shall, without reference to the merits of the claims of any party to a right of possession, proceed to inquire what party was in possession of the subject of dispute when the dispute arose, and, after satisfying himself upon that point, shall record a proceeding, declaring the party whom he may decide to have been in such possession to be entitled to retain possession until ousted by due course of law, and forbidding all disturbance of possession until such time ; and, if necessary, the magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, shall put such party into possession, and maintain him in possession, until the rights of the parties disputing be determined by a competent court.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that if the magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, shall, in the cases mentioned in Section II. of this Act, be unable to satisfy himself as to what party was in possession of the subject of dispute when the dispute arose, he may attach the subject of dispute until the rights of the parties be determined by a competent court, giving the collector information of the attachment ; and if the subject of dispute be land, the provisions of Regulation V. of 1827 regarding attachment by order of a zillah or city court shall apply to attachments by order of a magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, made under this section.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that if any party shall complain to a magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, that he has been, without authority of law, forcibly dispossessed of any land, premises, water, fisheries, crops or other produce of land, within the jurisdiction of such magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, whether the same were possessed by such party as proprietor, dependent talookdar, farmer, under-farmer, ryot or otherwise, the magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, shall require the party or parties complained against, and any other parties concerned, to appear and make defence in person, or by agent, within a reasonable time ; and if, after the examination of the necessary witnesses and documents, the complaint appears to him to be substantiated, he shall record a proceeding, ordering the party complaining to be put again into possession of the subject of dispute, and maintained in possession until the right to possession be determined by a competent court : provided, that no such order shall be passed unless the party complaining of having been so dispossessed prefer his claim within one month from the time of such dispossession.

58. b 2 V. And

ACTS of 1840.

12

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840. V. And it is hereby enacted, that if, in cases instituted under this Act, the

---- subject of dispute be newly-formed land, whereof it shall appear to the magistrate,

or other officer as aforesaid, that no party has ever had possession, the magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, shall award possession to the party to whom the right of possession belongs according to law or custom, and snail maintain that party in possession until the right to possession be determined by a competent court

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that if a dispute arises concerning the right of use of any land or water, the magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, within whose jurisdiction the subject of dispute lies, may inquire into the matter, and if it shall appear to him that the subject of dispute was open to the use of the public, or of any person, or of any class of persons, the said magistrate or other officer may order that possession thereof shall not be taken or retained by any party to the exclusion of the public, or of such person, or of such class of persons, as the case may be, until the party claiming such possession shall obtain the decision of a competent court adjudging him to be entitled to such exclusive possession: provided, that the magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, shall not pass any such order as aforesaid, if the matter be such that the right of use is capable of being exercised at all times of the year, unless that right shall have been ordinarily exercised within three months from the date of the institution of the inquiry, or in cases where the right of use exists at particular seasons, unless such right has been exercised without discontinuance before the dispossession of which complaint is made.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that any person opposing by force the execution of an order for possession or use, given under this Act, or refusing obedience thereto, or knowingly contravening the same, as long as it shall remain in legal force, shall, together with all persons aiding and abetting, be liable, on conviction before a magistrate, or other officer with the powers of a magistrate, to be sentenced to simple imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or to fine not exceeding 200 rupees, commutable if not paid to a period of simple imprisonment not exceeding six months, or to both imprisonment and fine as aforesaid.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that all orders passed under this Act shall be appealable in the usual manner, under the Regulations and laws that are or may be in force relating to appeals from the orders of magistrates, or other officers exercising the powers of magistrates.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that in cases instituted under this Act, the magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid, is authorized, with the consent of all the parties, to refer the matter in dispute, so far as it is cognizable under this Act, to an arbitrator or arbitrators for decision, whose award shall be executed as if it were the award of such magistrate, or other officer as aforesaid.

X. And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall affect the legal exercise of any right of attachment or seizure vested by law in any parties.

XI. And it is hereby further provided, that this Act shall not extend to any place beyond , the limits of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, or to the settlements of Prince of Wales’ Island, Singapore or Malacca, or to any place situated within the local limits of the jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s Supreme Court at Calcutta.

ACT No. V. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 24th of February 1840.

An Act concerning the Oaths and Declarations of Hindoos and Mahometans.

I. Whereas obstruction to justice and other inconveniences have arisen in consequence of persons of the Hindoo or Mahometan persuasion being compelled to swear by the water of the Ganges, or upon the Koran, or according to other forms which are repugnant to their consciences or feelings :

It is hereby enacted, that, except as hereinafter provided, instead of any oath or declaration now authorized or required by law, every individual of the classes

aforesaid

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

>3

aforesaid within the territories of the East India Company shall make affirmation ACTS of 1840. to the following- effect: — '

" I solemnly affirm, in the presence of Almighty God, that what I shall state shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth."

II. And it is hereby enacted, that if any person making such affirmation as aforesaid shall wilfully and falsely state any matter or thing, which, if the same had been sworn before the passing of this Act, would have amounted to perjury, every such offender shall be subject in all courts to the same punishment to which persons convicted of perjury were subject before the passing of this Act.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that any person causing or procuring another to commit the offence defined in the 2d section of this Act shall be subject in all courts to the same punishment to which persons convicted of subornation of perjury were subject before the passing of this Act.

IV. And it is hereby provided, that this Act shall not extend to any declaration made under the authority of Act No. XXI. of 1837, nor to any declaration or affirmation made in any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

ACT No. VI. of 184a

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 2d of March 1840.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law concerning the Negotiation of Bills of

Exchange.

I. Whereas it is expedient to extend to the territories under the Govern-

ment of the East India Company the amendments of the law respecting bills of exchange contained in the Statutes 58 Geo 3, c. 93; 1 2 Geo. 4, c. 78.

6 & 7 Will. 4, c. 58; 2 & 3 Will. 4, c. 98.

It is hereby enacted, that from and after the 1st day of May, in the year of our Lord 1840, if any person shall accept a bill of exchange payable at any other place than at his own place of residence, without further expression in his acceptance, such acceptance shall be deemed and taken to be, to all intents and purposes, a general acceptance; but if the acceptor shall, in his acceptance, express that he accepts the bill, payable at such other place only, and not otherwise or elsewhere, such acceptance shall be deemed and taken to be, to all intents and purposes, a qualified acceptance of such bill, and the acceptor shall not be liable to pay such bill, except in default of payment when such payment shall have been duly demanded at such other place.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that after the day and year aforesaid no acceptance of any bill of exchange, drawn within the territories of the East India Company, shall be sufficient to charge any person unless such acceptance be in writing on such bill, or, if there be more than one part of such bill, on one of the said parts.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be necessary to present bills of exchange accepted supra protest for honour, or having a reference thereon in case of need to the acceptor or acceptors for honour, or to the referee or referees, until the day following the day on which such bills of exchange shall become due; and if the place of address on any such bill of exchange of such acceptor or acceptors for honour, or of such referee or referees, be other than where such bill shall therein be made payable, then it shall not be necessary to forward such bill of exchange for presentment for payment to such acceptor or acceptors for honour, or referee or referees, until the day following the day on which such bill of exchange shall become due.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that all bills of exchange, wherein the drawer or drawers thereof shall have expressed that such bills of exchange are to be payable in any place other than the place by him or them therein mentioned to be the place of residence of the drawee or drawees thereof, and which shall not on the

58. b 3 presentment

14

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840.

presentment thereof be accepted, shall or may be, without further presentment to the drawee or drawees, protested for non-payment in the place in which such bills of exchange shall have been by the drawer or drawers expressed to be payable, unless the amount owing upon such bills of exchange shall have been paid to the holder or holders thereof on the day on which such bill would have become payable had the same been duly accepted.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that no bill of exchange or promissory note that shall be drawn or made after the passing of this Act shall, though it may have been given for a usurious consideration, or upon a usurious contract, be void in the hands of an indorsee for valuable consideration, unless such indorsee had, at the time of discounting or paying such consideration for the same, actual notice that such bill of exchange or promissory note had been originally given for a usurious consideration, or upon a usurious contract.

VI. And it is hereby provided, that this Act shall not be construed to extend to affect bills of exchange or promissory notes in any case which, but for the passing of this Act, would not be governed by the law of England, or to extend or alter the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

ACT No. VII. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 30th March 1840.

An Act for authorizing the Appointment of uncovenanted Servants to the Offices of Deputy-Register and Assistant-Register to the Sudder Courts of the Presi-. dency of Fort William in Bengal.

It is hereby enacted, that whenever the Governor of Bengal, and the Lieutenant-Governor, or other authority exercising the powers of Lieutenant-Governor of the north-western provinces, shall deem it expedient to appoint any persons, not being ; covenanted servants, to the offices of deputy-register or assistant-register to the Court of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut at Calcutta and Allahabad respectively, it shall be competent to those courts to assign to the officers above named any duties at present performed by their registers.

ACT No. VIII. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 13th April 1840.

An Act concerning the signing of Awards by the Members of Punchayets.

It is hereby 'enacted, that in cases where the minority of the members of a punchayet, held under the provisions of the Madras code, may decline to sign the award of the punchayet, the signature or mark of the majority shall be sufficient to give legal validity to the award : provided always, that in such cases it shall be incumbent on such majority to admit the minority to record and attest by their mark or signature their reasons for declining to sign or mark the award passed by the majority.

ACT No. IX. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 20th of April 1840.

An Act for amending the Law administered in Her Majesty’s Courts of Justice with reference to Arbitrations, Damages and interested Witnesses.

I. Whereas it is expedient to extend to the territories of the East India Company certain provisions of the Statute 3 & 4 Will. 4, c. 42, whereby remedies have been applied for the uncertainty and imperfections heretofore incident to arbitrations, for the insufficient damages to which injured parties were limited by

the

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

15

the technical forms of certain actions, and for the obstruction to justice frequently ACTS of 1840.. occasioned by reason of the legal incompetency of witnesses to give evidence in — — — —

consequence of having some interest in the event of the suit to which their testimony relates;

It is hereby enacted, that, in order to render the rejection of witnesses on the 3*4 Will. 4» ground of interest less frequent, if any witness shall be objected to in any of Her c'*’ 3b‘ Majesty’s courts of justice as incompetent on the ground that the verdict or judgment in the action on which it shall be proposed to examine him would be admissible in evidence for or against him, such witness shall nevertheless be examined; but in that case a verdict or judgment in that action in favour of the party on whose behalf he shall have been examined shall not be admissible in evidence for him or any one claiming under him, nor shall a verdict or judgment against the party on whose behalf he shall have been examined be admissible in evidence against him or any one claiming under him.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the court on the trial of any issue, or on any 3*4 Will. 4, inquiry of damages, in any suit before any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice may, c‘ *’ *9' if it shall ihink fit, give damages in the nature of interest over and above the value

of the goods at the time of the conversion or seizure, in all actions of trover or trespass de bonis asportatis, and over and above the money recoverable in all actions on policies of assurance made after the passing of this Act.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the power and authority of any arbitrator 3*4 Will. 4, or umpire appointed by or in pursuance of any rule of court, or judge's order, or c> * 39‘ order of reference, in any action now brought or which shall be hereafter brought,

or by or in pursuance of any submission to reference containing an agreement that such submission shall be made a rule of any of Her Majesty's courts, shall not be revocable by any party to such reference without the leave of the court by which such rule or order shall be made, or which shall be mentioned in such submission, or by leave of a judge; and the arbitrator or umpire shall and may and is hereby required to proceed with the reference, notwithstanding any such revocation, and to make such award, although the person making such revocation shall not afterwards attend the reference, and that the court or any judge thereof may from time to time enlarge the term for any such arbitrator making his award.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that when any reference shall have been made by 3 & 4 Will. 4, any such rule or order as aforesaid, or by any submission containing such agree- «. 4*» • 4°* ment as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the court by which such rule or order

shall be made, or which shall be mentioned in such agreement, or for any judge, by rule or order to be made for that purpose, to command the attendance and examination of any person to be named, or the production of any documents to be mentioned, in such rule or order ; and the disobedience to any such rule or order shall be deemed a contempt of court, if, in addition to the service of such rule or order, an appointment of the time and place of attendance in obedience thereto, signed by one at least of the arbitrators, or by the umpire, before whom the attendance is required, shall also be served either together with or after the service of such rule or order : provided always, that every person whose attendance shall be so required shall be entitled to the like conduct money, and payment of expenses and for loss of time, as for and upon attendance at any trial: provided also, that the application made to such court or judge for such rule or order shall set forth the place where such witness is residing at the time, or satisfy such court or judge that such person cannot be found; provided also, that no person shall be compelled to produce under any such rule or order any writing or other document that he would not be compelled to produce at a trial, or to attend at more than two consecutive days to be named in such order.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that when in any rule or order of reference, or in 3 * 4 Will. 4, any submission to arbitration containing an agreement that the submission shall c* 4*> •*

be ordered or agreed that the witnesses upon such reference shall be examined upon oath, it shall be lawful for the arbitrators or umpire, or any one arbitrator, and he or they are hereby authorized and required to administer an oath to such witnesses, or to take their affirmation in cases where affirmation is allowed by law instead of oath ; and if upon such oath or affirmation any person making the same shall wilfully and corruptly give any false evidence, every person so offending

58. B4 shall

i6 ACTS OF THE

of 1840. shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of perjury, and shall be prosecuted and- — — punished accordingly.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that this Act shall take effect in Calcutta from the day of its passing, and at Madras and Bombay after the expiration of 30 days from such day, and in the Straits’ Settlements after the expiration of 60 days from such day.

ACT No. X. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 20th April 1840.

An Act for the Abolition of certain Pilgrim Taxes, and for the Superintendence

of the Temple of Juggernath.

I. Whereas it is considered proper to abolish the exaction of all taxes or fees upon pilgrims resorting to Allahabad, Gya and Juggernath, and to transfer the charge of the affairs of the Juggernath Temple exclusively to a competent Hindoo, superintendent, under a full responsibility to the established courts of justice, for the redress of any violence or wrong, upon the application of any party interested

It is hereby enacted, that so much of Sect. XXXI., Reg. XU., of 1805, as provides for the continuance of the duties levied from pilgrims at Juggernath ; so, much of Sect. IV., Reg. XXVII., of 1793, as provides for the continuance of the duties levied on pilgrims at Gya and other places of pilgrimage; Reg. IV. of 1806; Reg. V. of 1806 ; Sec. IX., Reg. VI., of 1808 ; Reg. IV. of 1809; Sec. IV., Reg. IV., of 1810; Reg. XI. of 1810; and Reg. XVIII. of 1810, are repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the superintendence of the temple of Juggernath, and its interior economy, the conduct and management of its affairs, and the control over the priests, officers and servants attached to the temple, shall continue vested in the rajah of Khoorda for the time being : provided always, that the said rajah and all persons connected with the said temple shall on all occasions be guided by the recorded rules and institutions of the temple, or by ancient, and established usage, so far as the same may be consistent with the provisions of this Act.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the said rajah of Khoorda shall not receive, or allow to be received by any person connected with the said temple, any payment, other than such voluntary donations as may be freely offered, from any person resorting to the said temple, for the performance of religious ceremonies.

IV. And it is hereby declared and enacted, that the said rajah, and all priests, officers and servants attached to the said temple, are and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, by any party interested, in any civil or criminal court of competent jurisdiction, for any breach of trust or official misfeasance committed in the conduct of their duties, or for any extortion or illegal violence exercised upon pilgrims or others under colour of the authority conveyed by this Act.

ACT No. XI. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 20th April 1840.

An Act for the Presidency of Bombay, amending the Law concerning Prisoners

sentenced to Labour or Solitude.

I. It is hereby enacted, in modification of Clause 2, Section XLV., Regulation XIII., of 1827, of the Bombay code, that no prisoner confined in any part of the provinces under the presidency of Bombay shall be forced to labour in any manner, or be confined solitarily, unless such labour or solitary confinement be expressly directed by the sentence of the court under whose warrant he is confined ; and no prisoner shall be forced to labour or be confined solitarily otherwise than according to his sentence.

II. And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

17

II. And it is hereby enacted, in modification of Clause 1, Section VII., Regulation ACTS of 1840.

XIV., of 1829, of the Bombay code, that wherever under the laws in force under - -

that presidency a prisoner may be sentenced to imprisonment with labour, it shall

be lawful for the court pronouncing such sentence to direct that solitary confine* ment be combined with the punishment of imprisonment with labour.

III. And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to be applicable to convicts undergoing the punishment of transportation, or to legal restraint or punishment for breaches of prison discipline.

ACT No. XII. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 8th of June 1840.

An Act for extending Act XII. of 1839 (relating to the Assessment of Dwelling-

houses and Buildings within and beyond the Limits of the Towns of George

Town, Singapore and Malacca) to Grounds not covered with Houses or

Buildings.

I. It is hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of January in the year of our Lord 1841, an assessment shall be levied on all lands not covered with houses or buildings within the limits of the towns of George Town, Singapore and Malacca, according to the real annual values thereof, at a rate not exceeding 10 per cent* of such annual values.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that from the day aforesaid an assessment shall be levied on all property of the nature described in the foregoing section, but which shall be situated beyond the limits of the aforesaid towns, at a rate not exceeding five per cent, on the annual rent or value thereof.

III. And it is hereby enacted and provided, that any property which would be subject to assessment as aforesaid, of which the real annual value shall be less than 10 Spanish dollars, shall be exempted from such assessment, if it be the sole assessable property of the owner.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that all the provisions of Act No. XII. of 1839, applicable to the assessment of houses and buildings, shall be applied to the assessment of grounds not covered by houses or buildings, and which are subjected to assessment by this Act.

ACT No. XIII. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 29th of June 1840.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law regarding Factors, by extending to the Territories of the East India Company, in cases governed by English Law, the Provisions of the Statute Geo. 4, c. 83, as altered and amended by the Statute 6 Geo. 4, c. 94.

It is hereby enacted, that the Statute of the Geo. 4, c. 83, as altered and amended by the Statute of 6 Geo. 4, c. 94, shall be extended to the territories of the East India Company : provided always, that this Act shall not be construed to affect any case which would not have been governed by the law of England, before the passing of the aforesaid Statutes, if this Act had not passed, or to extend or alter the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

The Statutes hereby extended to the territories of the East India Company are as follows: —

4 Geo. IV., c. 83.

An Act for the better Protection of the Property of Merchants and Others, who may hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes intrusted to Factors or Agents. (18th July 1823.)

Whereas it has been found that the law, as it now stands, relating to goods shipped in the names of persons who are not the actual proprietors thereof, 58. c and

ACTS of 1840.

Persons in whose names goods shall be shipped shall be deemed the owners, so as to entitle consignees to a lien thereon, as herein mentioned.

Any person may take goods or bill * of lading in deposit from consignee, but shall not acquire any further rig)it than consignee possessed.

Right of owner to follow his goods while in the hands of his agent, or of his assignees iu case of bankruptcy, or to recover them from assignees, &c« upon paying his advances secured upon them, &c.

18 ACTS OF THE

and to the deposit or pledge of goods, affords great facility to fraud, prodaces frequent litigation, and proves in its effects highly injurious to the interests of commerce in general; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the passing of this Act, any person or persons intrusted, for the purpose of sale, with any goods, wares or merchandize, and by whom such goods, wares or merchandize shall be shipped, in his, her or their own name or names, or in whose name or names any goods, wares or merchandize shall be shipped by other person or persons, shall be deemed and taken to be the true owner or owners thereof, so far as to entitle the consignee or consignees of such goods, wares and merchandize to a lien thereon, in respect of any money or negotiable security or securities advanced or given by such consignee or consignees to or for the use of the person or persons in whose name or names such goods, wares or merchandize shall be shipped, or in respect of any money or negotiable security or securities received by him, her or them to the use of such consignee or consignees, in the like manner to all intents and purposes as if such person or persons was or were the true owner or owners of such goods, wares and merchandize: provided such consignee or consignees shall not have notice, by the bill of lading for the delivery of such goods, wares or merchandize, or otherwise, at or before the time of any advance of such money or negotiable security, or of such receipt of money or negotiable security, in respect of which such lien is claimed, that such person or persons so shipping in his, her or their own name or names, or in whose name or names any goods, wares or merchandize shall be shipped by any person or persons, is or are not the actual and Jide owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such goods, wares and merchandize so shipped as aforesaid, any law, usage or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: provided also, that the person or persons in whose name or names any such goods, wares or merchandize are so shipped as aforesaid, shall be taken for the purposes of this Act to have been intrusted therewith, unless the contrary thereof shall appear 6r be shown in evidence by any person disputing such fact.

II. And be it further enacted, that it shall be lawful to and for any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, to accept and take any goods, wares or merchandize, or the bill or bills of lading for the delivery thereof, in deposit or pledge from any consignee or consignees thereof; but then and in that case such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, shall acquire no further or other right, title or interest in or upon or to the said goods, wares or merchandize, or any bill of lading for the delivery thereof, than was possessed or could or might have been enforced by the said consignee or consignees at the time of such deposit or pledge as a security as aforesaid ; but such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, shall and may acquire, possess and enforce such right, title or interest as was possessed and might have been enforced by such consignee or consignees at the time of such deposit or pledge as aforesaid, any rule of law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, that nothing herein container] shall be deemed, construed or taken to deprive or prevent the true owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such goods, wares or merchandize from demanding and recovering the same from his, her or their factor or factors, agent or agents, before the same shall have been so deposited or pledged, or from the assignee or assignees of such factor or factors, agent or agents, in the event of his, her or their bankruptcy; nor to prevent any such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, from demanding or recovering of and from any person or persons, or of or from the assignees of any person or persons, in case of his or her bankruptcy, or of or from any body or bodies politic or corporate, such goods, wares or merchandize so consigned, deposited or pledged, upon repayment of the money or on restoration of the negotiable security or securities, or on payment of a sum of money equal to the amount of such security or securities, for which money or negotiable security or securities such person or persons, his, her or their assignee or assignees, or such body or bodies politic or corporate, may be entitled to any lien upon such goods, wares or merchandize, nor to prevent the said owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, from recovering of and from such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, any balance or sum of money remaining in his, her or their

hands,

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

19

ACTS of 1P40.

Factors or agents having goods or merchandize in their possession shall be deemed to be true owners, so as to give validity to contracts with persons dealing bon&Jide upon the faith of such property.

hands, as the produce of the sale of such goods, wares or merchandize, after deducting thereout the amount of the money or negotiable security or securities so advanced or given upon the security thereof as aforesaid : provided always, Proviso as to bank-that in case of the bankruptcy of such factor or agent, the owner of the goods so ruPtc7 factor, pledged and redeemed as aforesaid shall be held to hav§ discharged, pro tanto% the debt due by him to the bankrupt’s estate.

6 Geo. IV., c. 94.

An Act to alter and amend an Act for the better Protection of the Property of Merchants and Others, who may hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to Goods, Wares or Merchandizes intrusted to Factors or Agents.

Whereas an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, 4 Geo. 4, c. 83. intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of the Property of Merchants and Others, who may hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to Goods,

Wares or Merchandize intrusted to Factors or Agents:" and whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the said Act, and to make further provisions in relation to such contracts or agreements, as hereinafter provided ; be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the passing of this Act, any person or persons intrusted, for the purpose of consignment or of sale, with any goods, wares or merchandize, and who shall have shipped such goods, wares or merchandize in his, her or their own name or names, and any person or persons in whose name or names any goods, wares or merchandize shall be shipped by any other person or persons, shall be deemed and taken to be the true owner or owners thereof, so far as to entitle the consignee or consignees of such goods, wares and merchandize to a lien thereon, in respect of any money or negotiable security or securities advanced or given by such consignee or consignees to or for the use of the person or persons in whose name or names such goods, wares or merchandize shall be shipped, or in respect of any money or negotiable security or securities received by him, her or them, to the use of such consignee or consignees, in the like manner to all intents and purposes as if such person or persons was or were the true owner or owners of such goods, wares and merchandize: provided such consignee or consignees shall not have notice, by the bill of lading for the delivery of such goods, wares or merchandize, or otherwise, at or before the time of any advance of such money or negotiable security, or of such receipt of money or negotiable security in respect of which such lien is claimed, that such person or persons so shipping in his, her or their own name or names, or in whose name or names any goods, wares or merchandize shall be shipped by any person or persons, is or are not the actual and b owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such goods, wares and merchandize so shipped as aforesaid, any law, usage or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding : provided also, that the person or persons in whose name or names any such goods, wares or merchandize are so shipped as aforesaid, shall be taken, for the purpose of this Act, to have been intrusted therewith for the purpose of consignment or of sale, unless the contrary thereof shall be made to appear by bill of discovery or otherwise, or be made to appear or be shown in evidence by any person disputing such fact.

II. And be it further enacted, that from and after the 1st day of October 1826, Persons in-posses-any person or persons intrusted with and in possession of any bill of lading, India sion of bills of warrant, dock warrant, warehouse-keeper’s certificate, wharfinger’s certificate, war- ^"8* *c-,0 b* rant or order for delivery of goods, shall be deemed and taken to be the true owner as^o nmke vaLid^ or owners of the goods, wares and merchandize described and mentioned in the said contracts, several documents hereinbefore stated respectively, or either of them, so far as to give validity to any contract or agreement thereafter to be made or entered into by such person or persons so intrusted and in possession as aforesaid with any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, for the sale or disposition of the said goods, wares and merchandize, or any part thereof, or for the deposit or pledge thereof, or any part thereof, as a security for any money or negotiable instrument or instruments advanced or given by such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, upon the faith of such several documents or either of them: provided such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, shall not have 58. c 2 notice,

20

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840.

No person to acquire a security ppon goods in the hands of an agent for an antecedent debt beyond the amount of the agent's interest in the goods.

Persons may contract with known agents in the ordinary course of business, or out of that course, if within the agent’s authority.

Persons may accept and take goods, &c. in pledge from known agents, but in that case shall acquire no further interest than was possessed by such agent at the time of such pledge.

Right of the true owner to follow his goods while in the hands of his agent, or of his assignee in case of bankruptcy, or to recover

notice, by such documents or either of them, or otherwise, that such person or persons so intrusted as aforesaid is or are not the actual and fide owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such goods, wares or merchandize so sold or deposited or pledged as aforesaid, any law, usage or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that in case any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, shall, after the passing of this Act, accept and take any such goods, wares or merchandize in deposit or pledge from any such person or persons so in possession and intrusted as aforesaid, without notice as aforesaid, as a security for any debt or demand due and owing from such person or persons so intrusted and in possession as aforesaid, to such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, before the time of such deposit or pledge, then and in that case such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, so accepting or taking such goods, wares or merchandize in deposit or pledge, shall acquire no further or other right, title or interest in or upon or to the said goods, wares or merchandize, or any such document as aforesaid, than was possessed or could or might have been enforced by the said person or persons so possessed and intrusted as aforesaid, at the time of such deposit or pledge, as a security as last aforesaid ; but such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, so accepting or taking such goods, wares or merchandize in deposit or pledge, shall and may acquire, possess and enforce such right, title or interest as was possessed and might have been enforced by such person or persons so possessed and intrusted as aforesaid, any rule of law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, that from and after the 1st day of October 1826, it shall be lawful to and for any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, to contract with any agent or agents intrusted with any goods, wares or merchandize, or to whom the same maybe consigned, for the purchase of any such goods, wares and merchandize, and to receive the same of and pay for the same to such agent or agents; and such coutract and payment shall be binding upon and good against the owner of such goods, wares and merchandize, notwithstanding such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, shall have notice that the person or persons making and entering into such contract, or on whose behalf such contract is made or entered into, is an agent or agents : provided such contract and payment be made in the usual and ordinary course of business, and that such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, shall not, when such contract is entered into or payment made, have notice that such agent or agents is or are not authQrized to sell the said goods, wares and merchandize, or to receive the said purchase-money.

V. And be it further enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, to accept and take any such goods, wares or merchandize, or any such document as aforesaid, in deposit or pledge from any such factor or factors, agent or agents, notwithstanding such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, shall have such notice as aforesaid, that the person or persons making such deposit or pledge is or are a factor or factors, agent or agents ; but then and in that case such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, shall acquire no further or other right, title or interest in or upon or to the said goods, wares or merchandize, or any such document as aforesaid, for the delivery thereof, than was possessed or could or might have been enforced by the said factor or factors, agent or agents, at the time of such deposit or pledge as a security as last aforesaid; but such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, shall and may acquire, possess and enforce such right, title or interest as was possessed and might have been enforced by such factor or factors, agent or agents, at the time of such deposit or pledge as aforesaid, any rule of law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed or taken to deprive or prevent the true owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of such goods, wares or merchandize from demanding and recovering the same from his, her or their factor or factors, agent or agents, before the same shall have been so sold, deposited or pledged, or from the assignee or assignees of such factor or factors, agent or agents, in the event of his, her or their

bankruptcy;

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

21

bankruptcy; nor to prevent such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors from demanding or recovering of and from any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, the price or sum agreed to be paid for the purchase of such goods, wares or merchandize, subject to any right of set-off on the part of such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, against such factor or factors, agent or agents; nor to prevent such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, from demanding or recovering of and from such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, such goods, wares or merchandize so deposited or pledged, upon repayment of the money, or on restoration of the negotiable instrument or instruments so advanced or given on the security of such goods, wares or merchandize as aforesaid, by such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, t 6such factor or factors, agent or agents; and upon payment of such further sum of money, or on restoration of such other negotiable instrument or instruments (if any) as may have been advanced or given by such factor or factors, agent or agents, to such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or on payment of a sum of money equal to the amount of such instrument or instruments; nor to prevent the said owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, from recovering of and from such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, any balance or sum of money remaining in his, her or their hands, as the produce of the sale of such goods, wares or merchandize, after deducting thereout the amount of the money or negotiable instrument or instruments so advanced or given upon the security thereof as aforesaid: provided always, that in case of the bankruptcy of any such factor or agent, the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of the goods, wares and merchandize so pledged and redeemed as aforesaid, shall be Held to have discharged, pro tanto, the debt due by him, her or them to the estate of such bankrupt.

VII. And whereas it is expedient to prevent the improper deposit or pledge of goods, wares or merchandize, or the documents relating to such goods, wares or merchandize, intrusted or consigned as aforesaid to factors or agents ; be it therefore enacted, that if any such factors or agents, at any time from and after the said 1st day of October 1826, shall deposit or pledge any goods, wares or merchandize intrusted or consigned as aforesaid to his or her care or management, or any of the said several documents so possessed or intrusted as aforesaid with any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, as a security for any money or negotiable instrument or instruments borrowed or received by such factor or agent, and shall apply or dispose thereof to his or her own use, in violation of good faith, and with intent to defraud the owner or owners of any such goods, wares or merchandize, everj' person so offending, in any part of the United Kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, being convicted thereof according to law, shall be sentenced to transportation for any term not exceeding 14 years, or to receive such other punishment as may by law be inflicted on persons guilty of a misdemeanor, and as the court before whom such offender may be tried and convicted shall adjudge.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any person or persons to prosecution for having deposited or pledged any goods, wares or merchandize so intrusted or consigned to him, her or them, provided the same shall not be made a security for or subject to the payment of any greater sum or sums of money than at the time of such deposit or pledge was justly due and owing to such person or persons from his, ner or their principal or principals : provided nevertheless, that the acceptances of bills of exchange by such person or persons, drawn by or on account of such principal or principals, shall not be considered as constituting any part of such debt so due and owing from such principal or principals, within the true intent and meaning of this Act, so as to excuse the consequence of such a deposit or pledge, unless such bills shall be paid when the same shall respectively become due.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, that the penalty by this Act annexed to the commission of any offence intended to be guarded against by this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to any partner or partners or other person or persons of or belonging to any partnership, society or firm, except only such partner or partners, person or persons, as shall be accessory or privy to the commission of such offence, any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

58; c 3 X. Provided

them from a third person, upon paying his advances secured upon them.

In case of bankruptcy of factor^ the owner of goods so pledged and redeemed shall be held to have discharged, pro tanto, the debt due from him to bankrupt.

Agents fraudulently pledging the goods of their principals deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.

May be transported not exceeding 14 years, &c.

Not to extend to cases in which the agent has not made the goods a security for any sum beyond the extent of his own lien.

Acceptances of bills by an agent not to create a lieu so as to excuse the pledge, unless the bills are paid when due.

Act not to extend to partners not being privy to the ode nee.

22

ACTS OF THE

Act not to lessen any remedy at law or equity which th< party aggrieved may be entitled to adopt.

English Act, 21 Jas. i, c. 16.

Irish Act, 10 Car, i,Se8s. 2, c. 6.

In actions of debt or upon the case, no acknowledgment shall be deemed sufficient, unless it be in

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, that nothing in this Act contained, nor any proceeding, conviction or judgment to be had or taken thereupon, shall hinder, prevent, lessen or impeach any remedy at law or in equity which any party or parties aggrieved by any offence against this Act might or would have had or have been entitled to against any such offender if this Act had not been made, nor any proceeding, conviction or judgment had been had or taken thereupon; but nevertheless the conviction of any offender against this Act shall not be received in evidence in any action at law or suit in equity against such offender; and further, that no person shall be liable to be convicted, by any ' evidence whatever, as an offender against this Act, in respect of any act, matter or thing done by him, if he shall, at any time previously to his being indicted for such offence, have disclosed any such matter or thing on oath, under or in consequence of any compulsory process of any court of law or equity, in any action, suit or proceeding, in or to which he shall have been a party, and which shall have been bond Jide instituted by the party aggrieved by the act, matter or ihing which shall have been committed by such offender aforesaid.

ACT No. XIV. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 29th of June 1840.

An Act for rendering a written Memorandum necessary to the Validity of certain Promises and Engagements, by extending to the Territories of the East India Company, in cases governed by English Law, the Provisions of the Statute 9 Geo. 4, c. 14.

It is hereby enacted, that the Statute 9 Geo. 4, c. 14, shall be extended to the territories of the East India Company: provided always, that this Act shall not be construed to affect any case which would not have been governed by the law of England before the passing of the aforesaid Statute, if this Act had not passed; or to extend or alter the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

The Statute hereby extended to the territories of the East India Company is as follows (the sum of 10/. mentioned therein to be deemed 100 rupees in the application of the Statute to the aforesaid territories) : —

9 Geo. IV. c. 14.

An Act for rendering a written Memorandum necessary to the Validity of certain Promises and Engagements. (9th May 1828.)

Whereas by an Act passed in England in the 21st year of the reign of King James I., it was among other things enacted, that all actions of account and upon the case, other than such accounts as concern the trade of merchandize between merchant and merchant, their factors or servants, all actions of debt grounded upon any lending or contract without specialty, and all actions of debt for arrearages of rent, should be commenced within three years after the end of the then present Session of Parliament, or within six years next after the cause of such actions or suits, and not after: and whereas a similar enactment is contained in an Act passed in Ireland in the 10th year of the reign of King Charles I. : and whereas various questions have arisen in actions founded on simple contract, as to the proof and effect of acknowledgments and promises offered in evidence for the purpose of taking cases out of the operation of the said enactments, and it is expedient to prevent such questions, and to make provision for giving effect to the said enactments and to the intention thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that in actions of debt or upon the case grounded upon any simple contract, no acknowledgment or promise by words only shall be deemed sufficient evidence of a new or continuing contract, whereby to take any case out of the operation of the said enactments, or either of them, or to deprive any party of the benefit thereof, unless suph acknowledgment

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

ment or promise shall be made or contained by or in some writing to be signed writing or by part by the party chargeable thereby; and that where there shall be two or more joint Payment-contractors, or executors or administrators of any contractor, no such joint con- Joint contractors, tractor, executor or administrator shall lose the benefit of the said enactments, or either of them, so as to be chargeable in respect or by reason only of any written acknowledgment or promise made and signed by any other or others of them: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall alter or take away or lessen the effect of any payment of any principal or interest made by any person whatsoever : provided also, that in actions to be commenced against two or more such Proviso for the joint contractors, or executors or administrators, if it shall appear at the trial or CMe of Joint otherwise that the plaintiff, though barred by either of the said recited Acts or contractor#* this Act, as to one or more of such joint contractors, or executors or administrators, shall nevertheless be entitled to recover against any other or others of the defendants, by virtue of a new acknowledgment or promise, or otherwise, judgment may be given and costs allowed for the plaintiff as to such defendant or defendants against whom he shall recover, and for the other defendant or defendants against the plaintiff.

TI. And be it further enacted, that if any defendant or defendants in any Pleas in abatement, action or any simple contract shall plead any matter in abatement, to the effect that any other person or persons ought to be jointly sued, and issue be joined on such plea, and it shall appear at the trial that the action could not, by reason of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or of either of them, be maintained against the other person or persons named in such plea, or any of them, the issue joined on such plea shall be found against the party pleading the same.

III. And be it further enacted, that no indorsement or memorandum of any indorsement of payment written or made after the time appointed for this Act to take effect, upon payment, any promissory note, bill of exchange, or other writing, by or on the behalf of the

party to whom such payment shall be made, shall be deemed sufficient proof of such payment, so as to take the case out of the operation of either of the said Statutes.

IV. And be it further enacted, that the said recited Acts and this Act shall Simple contract

be deemed and taken to apply to the case of any debt on simple contract, deb*» alleged by alleged by way of set-off on the part of any defendant, either by plea, notice or of aet-off.

otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, that no action shall be maintained whereby to Confirmation of charge any person upon any promise made after full age to pay any debt con- promises made by traded during infancy, or upon any ratification after full age of any promise or

simple contract made during infancy, unless such promise or ratification shall be made by some writing signed by the party to be charged therewith.

VI. And be it further enacted, that no action shall be brought whereby to Representations of charge any person upon or by reason of any representation or assurance made or character, given concerning or relating to the character, conduct, credit, ability, trade or

dealings of any other person, to the intent or purpose that such other person may obtain credit, money or goods thereupon, unless such representation or assurance be made in writing, signed by the party to be charged therewith.

VII. And whereas by an Act passed in England in the 29th year of the reign 39 car. a, c. 3. of King Charles II., intituled, "An Act for the Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries," it is among other things enacted, that from and after the 24th day of June 1677,

no contract for the sale of any goods, wares and merchandizes for the price of 10/. sterling or upwards, shall be allowed to be good except the buyer shall accept part 01 the goods so sold, and actually receive the same, or give something in earnest to bind the bargain, or in part of payment; or that some note or memorandum in writing of the said bargain be made and signed by the parties to be charged by such contract, or their agents thereunto lawfully authorized: and Irish Act, 7 Will. 3, whereas a similar enactment is contained in an Act passed in Ireland, in c. 12. the 7th year of the reign of King William III.: and whereas it has been held that the said recited enactments do not extend to certain executory contracts for the sale of goods, which nevertheless are within the mischief thereby intended to be remedied, and it is expedient to extend the said enactments to such executory contracts ; be it enacted, that the said enactments shall extend to Towers of recited all contracts for the sale of goods of the value of 10/. sterling and upwards, Acts extended to

58. c 4 notwithstanding

24

ACTS OF THE

contracts for goods notwithstanding the goods may be intended to be delivered at some future time, of 10/. or upwards, 0j» may not at the time of such contract be actually made, procured or provided, although the deli- or gj. or rea(jy for delivery, or some Act may be requisite for the making or com-wy be not made. pletirlg or nndaiag the same fit for delivery.

Memorandum VIII. And be it further enacted, that no memorandum or other writing made

stamps*6* *°m necessary by this Act shall be deemed to be an agreement within the meaning of " * any Statute relating to the duties of stamps.

ACT No. XV. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 29th of June 1840.

An Act for extending Regulations XV. of 1827 and XIII. of 1830, of the Bombay Code, to the Agents of Foreign Sovereigns.

It is hereby enacted, that the provisions of Regulations XV.Jof 1827 and XIII. of 1830, of the Bombay code, be made applicable to the agents of foreign sovereigns having lands and possessions in the British territory of the Bombay presidency, and to guardians and such other individuals as the Governor in Council of Bombay may consider it expedient to invest with the powers contained in the aforesaid Regulations : provided, that in all cases the authority conferred shall be revocable at the discretion of the Governor in Council of Bombay.

ACT No. XVI. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 3d of August 1840.

An Act concerning the Management of Convicts transported to Places within the Territories of the East India Company.

I. Whereas doubts have arisen touching the legal mode of treating convicts transported to places within the territories of the East India Company, and it is expedient to modify the rules which have heretofore been followed with regard to the management of such convicts:

It is hereby declared and enacted, that as soon as any offender shall be delivered to the person or persons to be appointed by the Governor-General in Council, on that behalf, at the place to which he is transported, the property in the service of such offender shall be vested in such person or persons during the term of transportation.

II And it is hereby declared and enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor-General in Council to appoint the Governor or other authority at any place within the territories of the East India Company, or to appoint one or more superintendents at any such place as the persons to whom convicts undergoing transportation shall be delivered, and in whom the property in the service of such convicts shall be vested as aforesaid.

III And it is hereby declared and enacted, that it shall be lawful for the GovernoT-General in Council to issue orders from time to time to any such Governor authority or superintendent, and which orders are hereby required to be duly executed, and to frame rules touching the classification of convicts, their confinement, treatment and discipline, and touching such moderate correction as may be necessary in cases of misbehaviour and disorderly conduct, and of neglect or disobedience in the service of those persons in whom the property of such service may be vested as aforesaid.

IV And it is hereby declared and enacted, that all persons who have hereto-

fore been transported to any place within the territories of the East India Company and whose terms of transportation are not yet expired, shall be subject to the provisions contained in this Act; and nothing heretofore done with respect to offenders who have been so transported in conformity with the provisions of this Act, or by the orders or with the sanction of Government, shall be called in question in any court of law. /

ACT

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

25

ACT No. XVII. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council ACTS of 1840.

on the 10th August 1840. • -

An Act for amending Regulation V. of 1831 of the Madras Code, as far as the same regards Penalties for certain Breaches of the Salt Laws.

Whereas great inconvenience has been experienced in consequence of sending persons accused of petty offences against the salt laws for trial in the criminal courts, who might be more conveniently tried by magistrates, as in the case of other offences subject to the same amount of punishment:

It is hereby enacted, in modification of Regulation V. of 1831 of the Madras code, that all penalties prescribed by the Madras code for any breaches of the salt laws shall be recoverable before the magistrate of the district: provided always, that it shall be lawful for any such magistrate before whom any person shall be charged with the commission of any offence against the salt laws, at his discretion, to proceed against such person in the same manner as against persons charged with offences the punishment of which rests with the criminal court: provided also, that no magistrate shall, under the authority of this Act, punish any offender by a fine exceeding 50 rupees, or by imprisonment with or without labour for a longer period than 30 days.

ACT No. XVIII. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 10th August 1840.

To regulate the granting and withholding Licenses for the Sale of Liquors within the Islands of Bombay and Colaba.

I. It is hereby enacted, that all powers and duties now vested by law in Her Majesty’s justices of the peace in Bombay with respect to granting and withholding licenses for the sale of arrack, toddy and other spirituous and fermented liquors, within the Islands of Bombay and Colaba, shall from and after the passing of this Act be vested in and discharged by the collector of land revenue, and the senior magistrate of police in Bombay jointly ; but the said justices, at quarter sessions assembled, shall have power in their discretion to quash such licenses or to withdraw the same on the breach of any of the conditions thereof.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the Honourable the Governor in Council shall have authority at all times to regulate the form of licenses to be granted for the sale of arrack and other liquors aforesaid in Bombay, and to vary and add to the terms and conditions thereof.

III. And it is further enacted, that nothing herein contained shall have the effect of repealing or altering any laws now in force touching the sale of spirituous liquors in Bombay or Colaba otherwise than as such laws are hereby repealed or altered.

ACT No. XIX. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 14th September 1840.

Act for amending the Procedure in Cases of Appeals made forma pauperis, within the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

It is hereby enacted, that the proviso contained in Clause 1, Section V., Regular tion XXVIII. 1814, of the Bengal Code, in regard to females of rank, shall be applicable, at the discretion of the Courts of Sudder Dewanny Adawlut of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal respectively, to any party desirous of appealing in formd pauperis to either of those courts.

D

ACT

58.

26

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840.

ACT No. XX. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 19th October 1840.

An Act for declaring the Law touching the Liability of Auction Purchasers of permanently assessed Estates under Section XXI, Regulation XI. of 1822, of the Bengal Code.

I. Whereas doubts have arisen whether the liability of auction-purchasers, under the provisions of Section XXI., Regulation XI. of 1822, Bengal Code, to make good the difference between the sums bid at a first and second sale of lands sold for the realization of arrears of revenue, has been affected by the provisions of Section VII., Regulation VII. of 1830 of the same code:

It is hereby declared and enacted, that the said liability provided for and, imposed by Section XXL, Regulation XI. of 1822 aforesaid, has in nowise been altered or affected by Section VII., Regulation VII. of 1830 aforesaid, and that, such liability shall be considered in full force and virtue, as if such last-mentioned. Regulation had not been passed.

ACT No. XXL of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 19th of October 1840.

An Act concerning Suits instituted under the Provisions of Regulation XLIX.of 1793, prior to and pending at the Date of the Enactment of Act IV. of 1840.

It is hereby enacted, that Act IV. of 1840 shall not affect the trial of suits under Regulation XLIX. 1793, which were pending originally or in appeal at the time of the passing of that Act, and that all such suits shall be tried and decided in the same manner as if Act IV. of 1840 had not been passed.

ACT No. XXII. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 23d November 1840.

An Act for the Punishment of Vagrants within the Towns of Calcutta and of

Madras, and the Islands of Bombay and Colaba, extorting Alms by offensive

and disgusting Exhibitions and Practices.

I. Whereas great inconvenience is experienced in the towns of Caleuttar and of Madras, and in the Islands of Bombay and Colaba, from mendicants who endeavour to extort alms by offensive and disgusting exhibitions and practices :

It is hereby enacted, that persons within the town of Calcutta or of Madras, or within the Islands of Bombay and Colaba, who shall seek to extort alms by offensively exhibiting any bodily ailment or deformity, or by any offensive or indecent practices, or by inflicting, or threatening to inflict, bodily injury on themselves, shall be liable, on conviction before any justice of the peace, to imprison-' ment, with or ivithout labour, for a term not exceeding one calendar month.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that all persons guilty a second time of any of the above offences shall be liable, on conviction before a justice of the peace, to imprisonment with hard labour for a term not exceeding twice the period assigned for the first offence, and for the same term upon any subsequent conviction.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that, persons guilty of any of the offences above mentioned who shall violently resist any peace officer attempting to apprehend

them,

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

27

them, shall be liable, on conviction before a justice of the peace, to imprison* ment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding three calendar months.

, IV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor-General in Council, from time to time, by notice in the Gazette, to extend the provisions of this Act to any towns or districts besides the places specified in this Act.

ACT No. XXIII. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 30th November 1840.

T

An Act for executing within the local Limits of the Jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s.

Courts legal Process issued by Authorities in the Mofussil.

I. Whereas great inconvenience has been experienced in consequence of* the difficulty of procuring the attendance as witnesses before the Mofnssil authorities of persons resident within the local limits of Her Majesty’s supreme courts,? and in consequence of justice being often frustrated by reason of persons and ptro-> perty within such limits being exempted from process issued by such authorities*! which has also occasioned inconvenience to the inhabitants within such limits, in: suits in the Mofussil courts to which they are parties:

It is hereby enacted, that any writ, warrant or other process issued by any Court, judge or magistrate in the territories beyond the local limits of the? supreme courts of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay respectively, may be executed) within those limits in manner following : — A copy of such writ, warrant on other process, authenticated as such by the attestation of the court, judge or magistrate signing or issuing the same, accompanied by a certified translation in; (he English language, shall be presented to any judge of Her Majesty’s courts, who may thereupon, under his hand and signature, indorse and direct the same to be executed within the local limits of any of Her Majesty’s courts by the sheriff,; or by any justice of the peace, according to the nature of such writ, warrant or Other process.

II. And it is hereby provided, that upon the delivery of every such writ, warrant or process so indorsed as aforesaid to any such sheriff as aforesaid, every such sheriff shall make a memorandum of the date of such delivery, and shall execute such writ, warrant or process in like manner as if the same had originally issued from any of Her Majesty’s courts, and had been delivered at the date as appearing by the memorandum ; and such sheriff shall make no distinction as to priority or otherwise between the execution of any writ, warrant or other process originally issued from any of Her Majesty’s courts, and the execution of any writ, warrant or other process under this Act; but every writ, warrant and other process, whether original or indorsed as aforesaid, shall, amongst each other, be subject to the same rules touching the mode and order of execution as are now established in respect of writs, warrants and other process originally issued from Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that every such sheriff shall be liable to be proceeded against in her Majesty’s courts of justice for all matters touching the execution of any writ, warrant or other process executed under this Act, in like manner as if the same had originally issued from any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice ; and all persons and property seized or detained under any writ, warrant or process executed by virtue of this Act shall be dealt with in like manner as if such persons or property had been seized or detained under the like writ, warrant or other process issued from any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that all persons disobeying or obstructing the execution of any writ, warrant or other process indorsed under this Act, shall be punishable in Her Majesty’s courts of justice, in like manner as if the same had issued from such courts: provided always, that in the case of process for the attendance of witnesses, Her Majesty’s courts shall be governed by the like rules* touching expenses and other matters, as are established in regard to subpoenas issued from such courts.

58! d 2 V. And

ACTS W 1840.

*8

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that in the case of persons seized or detained by virtue of any writ, warrant or other process executed under the authority of this Act by any justice of the peace or by any sheriff, it shall be the duty of every such sheriff or justice of the peace, if so required by the indorsement of the judge, to deliver the party in custody to such authority or persons as shall be particularly specified in such indorsement, and who shall have been charged with the execution of the writ, warrant or other process by the authority originally issuing the same, and for that purpose to cause the party in custody to be conveyed to any place within the Company’s territories beyond the local limits of the jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s courts.

VI. And it is hereby provided, that in the case of any writ, warrant or other process required to be indorsed under the authority of this Act, it shall be lawful for the judge who shall be required to indorse the same to remit the same for amendment to the authority issuing the same, if the same shall appear to be defective in any matter of form.

VII. And it is hereby provided, that in the case of any writ, warrant or other process required to be indorsed under the authority of this Act, for the seizure or detention of any person, it shall be lawful for the judge who shall be required to indorse the same to direct by indorsement that bail (the amount and number of sureties to be specified in such indorsement) may be taken, and for this purpose to call for such documents and to make such inquiry as he shall think proper.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that offenders sentenced by the Mofussil authorities to imprisonment with or without hard labour should be subjected to the most improved rules of prison discipline, which cannot in all cases be conveniently done except in the prisons locally situate within the jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s supreme courts, it is hereby enacted, that all civil and criminal gaols and houses of correction within the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s supreme courts shall, according to the nature of the case, be liable to be used by the sheriff for the purposes of this Act; and the parties imprisoned therein under the authority of this Act shall be liable to the prison discipline thereof; and all sentences of imprisonment passed by any judge, court or magistrate in the territories of the East India Company beyond the local limits of Her Majesty’s supreme courts may be executed in whole or in part within any of the gaols or houses of correction aforesaid, provided that a copy of the warrant of commitment or other process authorizing the imprisonment be so indorsed as aforesaid, and such indorsement contain the necessary directions.

ACT No. XXIV. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 7th December 1840.

For amending the Law with respect to Rates for municipal purposes within

the Town of Calcutta.

I. Whereas it is expedient to specify the particular purposes to which rates assessed on houses, buildings and grounds in Calcutta shall be applied; and abolish the practice which has hitherto prevailed of levying five per cent, on the annual value of all houses, buildings and grounds, without reference to the amount necessary for accomplishing the purposes of the rates ; such percentage being inadequate for the purposes to which the rates have hitherto been deemed applicable: and whereas it is expedient to make the percentage leviable by quarterly rates on the annual value of property to depend entirely on the expenditure necessary for accomplishing in an efficient manner the purposes to which the rates shall henceforth be applicable, and providing for all incidental expenses and casual deficiencies or defaults : and whereas it is expedient to subject the collection and administration of the funds raised for municipal purposes in the various districts of the town to the management of the rate-payers themselves within such districts respectively, whenever they are desirous of undertaking the same, and are willing to enter into proper arrangements for the purpose: and whereas it is expedient to modify the provisions of the Statute 33 Geo. 3, c. 62, in regard to assessments for the town of Calcutta, in order for the better

collection

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

29

collection of the same, reserving all the authority of such statute in matters not ACTS of '*$40. inconsistent with this Act: .......

It is hereby enacted, that the assessments which by the Statute 33 Geo. 3, c. 52, are authorized to be made for the town of Calcutta, shall be applicable to the following purposes only; viz., lighting and watering the roads and streets, and cleansing and repairing the same, and the drains of the said town.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the assessments and rates made under the authority of the said statute shall be sufficient for accomplishing, in an efficient manner, the purposes mentioned in the last section, for discharging all incidental expenses, and for making up deficiencies and defaults of every kind whatsoever : provided always, that no rate shall be made exceeding the amount of five per cent, on the assessed value of property, without the sanction of the Governor of Fort William in Bengal.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that, for the encouragement of the control and supervision of the assessment and collection of the rates and the management thereof within particular divisions being undertaken by the rate-payers themselves, the justices at their quarter sessions shall publish quarterly the particulars of all sums laid out, and of all the expenses of collection and deficiencies during the preceding quarter within the following divisions of the town, or such other divisions as the Governor of Fort William in Bengal may from time to time direct, so long as the assessment, collection or management of the rates for such divisions shall remain under their jurisdiction; viz., the First or Upper North Division, bounded as follows:

North, by the Mahratta Ditch.

South, by the Mutchooa Bazar-road and Cotton-street to Meerbhur’s Ghaut.

East, by the Circular-road.

West, by the River Hooghly.

Second or Lower North Division, bounded as follows :

North, by Mutchooa Bazar-road and Cotton-street to Meerbhur’s Ghaut.

South, by the Boitakhanna and Bow Bazar-road and Hare-street to Police Ghaut

East, by the Circular-road.

West, by the River Hooghly.

Third or Upper South Division, bounded as follows:

North, Boitakhanna, Bow Bazar-road and Hare-street to Police Ghaut.

South, Durrumtollah-street and Esplanade-row to Chandpaul Ghaut.

East, Circular-road.

West, River Hooghly.

Fourth or Lower South Division, bounded as follows :

r

North, by the Durrumtollah-street and Esplanade-row, to Chandpaul Ghaut.

South, by the Lower Circular-road to Kidderpore-bridge and Tolly’s Nullah to River Hooghly, including the Fort and Cooly Bazar.

East, by the Circular-road.

West, by the River Hooghly.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever two-thirds in number and value of the rate-payers of any of such respective divisions shall apply to the Governor of Fort William in Bengal to undertake themselves the assessment, collection and management of the rates of such division, or any or either of these trusts, it

58, d 3 shall

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1840.

3*>

shall be lawful for the Governor of Fort William in Bengal to ai)thori2e the same accordingly, at his discretion : provided always, that such majority of rate*-payers shall present a scheme which shall obtain his full approbation for the safe and efficient execution of the trusts, the transfer of which from the present authorities is sought for: provided always, that in any such arrangement, the amount to be levied in any particular division shall not be considered as necessarily limited by the amount expanded within such division, but shall be adjusted by the Governor of Fort William in Bengal upon reference to all local eifeumstanaes.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that, for the better assessment and collection of rates under this Act, it shall be lawful for the Governor of Fort William in Bengal to appoint such assessor or assessors, collector or collectors, and to make such, union of the offices of assessor and collector, and to prescribe such rules and take such securities for the due execution of this Act by the person or persons employed in assessments and collections and in the management of the rates collected, as he shall deem expedient.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be necessary in any assessment, rate or warrant of distress under this Act to specify the names of the owners or occupiers of houses, buildings and grounds; but it shall be sufficient if every property rated be identified, and in the case of houses numbered in any street^ that the name of the street and number of the house rated be particularly, specified.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that the goods and chattels of the owner of any property rated shall be seizable any where (except where property is concealed as hereinafter mentioned) for deficiency in the payment of .rates; and that all property which shall be found upon any premises rated shall be seizable for any arrears which may be due for a period of one year immediately preceding such seizure; and in the case of the seizure of the property of a tenant under such circumstances, he may deduct the amount of the levy from the next payment of his rent.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that where there is ground to suspect that property liable to distress under this Act is concealed in any zenana, the officer charged with the execution of the warrant shall make a special report to the justice granting the same, who shall thereupon follow, as closely as is practicable, the rules for the seizure of property in like cases adopted by Her Majesty’s Supreme Court.

ACT No. XXV. of 1840.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 28th of December 1840.

For the better Protection of the Abkaree Revenue within the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal. /'

I. Whereas it has been found necessary, with a view to make better provision for the protection of the Abkaree revenue than is afforded by the existing system of management, to place the superintendence of certain districts in a separate commissioner, acting under the direction and control of the board of customs, salt and opium: and whereas it is required to make provision by law for the extension and improvement of this system of management within the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal:

It is hereby enacted, that whenever a commissioner or commissioners shall be appointed by the Governor of Bengal, or by the Governor or Lieutenant-Governor of the north-western provinces, with the sanction of the Government of India, for the superintendence of the Abkaree revenue, such commissioner or commissioners shall exercise, within such districts as may be assigned and prescribed from time to time by the said Governors or Lieutenant-Governor, the powers, authority and. jurisdiction vested by the Regulations and Acts of the Government in commis-. sioners of the land revenue in all matters appertaining to the Abkaree revenue.

II. And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

3«.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that within the districts so assigned to such com-, missioner or commissioners, the Governor of Bengal or Governor or Lieutenant-* Governor of the north-western provinces may appoint any duly-qualified persons,not being of the description specially provided for in Section XXXI., Regulation X~ 1813, to be superintendents of the Abkaree revenue, and to vest them with the charge and management of the Abkaree revenue under the orders of the said commissioner, within such local limits as to him may seem fit, and the persons so appointed shall exercise all the powers of collectors in regard to this revenue, excepting the adjudication of cases of contravention of the laws relating to Abkaree.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent for the Governor of Bengal to vest any person appointed under the foregoing clause to the charge and superintendence of the Abkaree revenue, with the power of ad judicating cases of; contravention of the Abkaree laws, in addition to the powers attaching to the office of superintendent of Abkaree revenue in the district or districts assigned to him: provided, that no such superintendent, when so vested with the powers of adjudication, shall sentence any person to a fine exceeding 200 rupees, whether commutable or otherwise, or to imprisonment for a term exceeding three months, except for a second offence under Section XVII. of this Act.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that the warrant of any officer authorized or especially appointed to adjudicate cases of contravention of the Abkaree laws, certifying the conviction of any individual, with a specification of the offence proved and penalty adjudged, shall be authority for the levying of any fine imposed, as therein specified, and for the detention of the person therein described' in the civil gaol of the district as may be therein prescribed: provided always,' that it shall be competent to the commissioner, upon appeal by the parties concerned, or of his own motion, to call for the papers and revise the proceedings in any case decided by such superintendent, and to alter or reverse the judgment passed thereon ; and a like power shall be possessed and exercised by the board of customs, salt and opium, or by any other board possessing like authority, whenever they think proper.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that any officer employed in the Abkaree department above the rank of jemadar of peons, who shall receive information that any person without a license is engaged in the manufacture of fermented or spirituous liquors, or in the preparation of intoxicating drugs, or has on his premises fermented or spirituous liquors or intoxicating drugs in such quantity as may render such person liable to the suspicion of secretly and illicitly trafficking in such articles, shall and is hereby authorized and required to take the deposition of the informer in writing; and if the information so given shall appear credible, so as to justify such proceeding, it shall further be competent to such officer to enter and search such premises as may be declared by the informer to contain the illicit articles specified in his deposition, and to seize all illicit stills and materials of the> kind used in manufacturing liquors and preparing drugs, as well as all fermented or spirituous liquors or intoxicating drugs, and to arrest the owner or occupant of the premises, together with all parties concerned in the transaction who may be found on the premises.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that, except in cases already provided for by Section XVIII., Regulation VI1. of 1824, if any person or persons shall by threats or violence prevent the lawful arrest of any person by an officer duly authorized to seize illicit stills, fermented or spirituous liquors or intoxicating drugs, and materials for the manufacture of the same, or shall procure by unlawful means his release after arrest, or shall obstruct any officer duly authorized in making search for or seizure of any of the above-mentioned illicit articles, or shall rescue such articles after seizure, or if the party found with any such illicit articles in possession, or any other person or persons shall resist such officer in the execution of a legal process, such person or persons shall severally and respectively be liable, on conviction before a magistrate, to be sentenced for the same to pay a fine not exceeding 500 rupees, commutable, if not paid, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months : provided, that such person or persons shall be further liable, in the event of an affray or breach of the peace occurring in consequence of hitf or their resistance, on conviction of the same before a competent tribunal, to such punishment as is prescribed in the general rules applicable to cases of affray and

5^- . i> 4 breach

ACTS of 1840/

32

ACTS OF THE

ACT3 of 1840. breach of the peace, in addition to the penalties above prescribed for the resistance ----of process.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, in modification of Clause 6, Section XXII., Regulation X. of 1813 of the Bengal Code, that if any person shall wilfully and maliciously give false information in respect to there being an illicit still or illicit stills, or fermented or spirituous liquors or intoxicating drugs, or materials prepared for the manufacture of spirituous liquors and drugs, in any premises, and so procure that such premises shall be searched to the injury and vexation of the owners thereof, or of any other person or persons whatsoever, such false informer shall, besides being subject to any other penalties or damages to which he would be subject under the general law, be liable to imprisonment with or without labour for a term not exceeding two years, and to fine not exceeding 500 rupees, commutable to a further term of imprisonment for six months if not paid.

VIII. And it is, hereby enacted, that whenever any officer of the Abkaree department, duly authorized under Section V. of this Act, shall arrest any person charged with an infraction of the laws for the protection of the Abkaree revenue, or shall seize any still, or fermented or spirituous liquors or intoxicating dtugs, or enter any premises for the purpose of searching for such illicit articles, he shall make a full report of all the particulars of such arrest or seizure or search to his official superior within 24 hours after the transaction has occurred.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever any person may be arrested by an officer employed in the Abkaree department, or by any other officer of other departments, duly empowered to make seizure of illicit stills or spirituous liquors or intoxicating drugs, or materials prepared for the purpose of manufacturing spirituous liquors or intoxicating drugs, the person making the arrest shall be bound to carry the party arrested with all convenient despatch to the officer of the department who may be competent to try the case; and no person so arrested shall be released until the case shall have been brought to judgment in the manner provided by law.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that any officer who shall neglect to report all the particulars of an arrest, seizure or search within 24 hours after the transaction has occurred, or who shall delay carrying the person arrested to the proper officer with all convenient despatch, or who shall release or connive at the escape of the person arrested, shall be liable, on conviction, to dismissal from his situation, and to pay a fine not exceeding 200 rupees, and to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, and in case of non-payment of the fine, to further imprisonment not exceeding three months; and the sentence shall be adjudged by any officer competent to adjudicate cases of contravention of the Abkaree laws.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for any officer employed in the Abkaree department to enter and inspect at any time, by day or by night, the shop or premises in which any licensed Abkar shall carry on the sale or manufacture of fermented or spirituous liquors, or intoxicating drugs or liquors, in order to satisfy himself that nothing is going on in contravention of the Abkaree laws, or of the conditions of the license.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that if any officer of the Abkaree department be convicted before the magistrate of any district of having vexatiously and unnecessarily seized the goods of any person on the pretence of seizing or searching for illicit stills, spirituous liquors, intoxicating drugs, or the materials for manufacturing the same, or of having vexatiously and unnecessarily arrested any person, or of committing any other excess not required for the execution of his duty, every such officer shall, besides dismissal, be punished with imprisonment not exceeding six months, and with fine not exceeding 200 rupees, commutable, if not paid, to a further imprisonment not exceeding six months.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever in this Act or in any other law the terms " officers employed in the Abkaree department" are used, they shall be deemed and construed to apply to such officers as receive salary from and are appointed by the persons in charge of the Abkaree department in the district, or such officers as the commissioner of the Abkaree revenue may by special delegation or appointment empower to act in relation to this branch of the revenue.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

33

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that event person holding a license for the manufacture or sale of fermented or spirituous liquors or intoxicating drugs, shall preserve such license at the shop or premises specified in the body of the license, and shall exhibit the license on the demand of any Abkaree officer who shall desire to inspect the same; and any such licensed manufacturer or vender who shall refuse or be unable to produce his license on the demand of any Abkaree officer, shall be liable, on conviction before a magistrate, to a fine not exceeding 200 rupees, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, and in case of non-payment of the fine, to further imprisonment not exceeding a like term.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that one moiety of all fines realized from persons convicted of the illicit possession or manufacture or sale of fermented or spirituous liquors or intoxicating drugs, excepting opium, and of the proceeds from sale of articles confiscated, shall upon adjudication of the case be awarded to the officer or officers who may have apprehended the offender or seized the illicit articles, and the other half shall be given to the informer, as provided in Clause 8, Section XXII., Regulation X. of 1813; and if no fine be realized, the commissioner may recommend, through the board of customs, salt and opium, such reasonable reward, not exceeding the sum of 200 rupees in each case, as may appear to him fit: provided, however, that it shall be competent to the board of customs, salt and opium to prescribe by general order what classes of officers of the department shall receive reward, and what classes shall have no title to participate therein.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that any officer employed in the Abkaree department who shall be convicted of conniving at the manufacture or sale of fermented or spirituous liquors without license, or by any licensed manufacturer or vender contrary to the terms of such license, shall be liable to the same penalties that would be incurred by the offender at whose act in contravention of the law he so connived.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever any person shall be convicted of an infraction of the laws for protection of the Abkaree revenue, after having been previously convicted of a like offence, he shall be liable, in addition to the penalty attached to such offence, to imprisonment in the Dewanny gaol for a period of six months; and a like punishment of six months’ imprisonment shall be incurred, in addition to the punishment which may be inflicted for a first offence, upon every subsequent conviction after the second; and the warrant of the officer adjudicating any case under the provisions of this section shall be authority for the judge or other officer in charge of the Dewanny gaol to hold the person described therein in confinement in such gaol, and for such time as may be specified and required in the said warrant.

t

58*

E

INDEX

ACTS of 1840.

34

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

INDEX TO THE ACTS

op

THE SUPREME GOVERNMENT OF INDIA,

Foe the Yeae 1840.

ACT. SECTION. CLAUSE.

Abkaree Revenue, arrangements for the better protection of the; degree of authority vested in the commissioner or commissioners that may be appointed by the Governor of Bengal or Lieutenant-Governor of the north-western provinces - XXV. I.

- appointment of superintendents, who shall be subordinate to the commissioners ; degree of authority to be exercised by them ---- yy II.

Governor of Bengal competent to vest super- intendents with the power of adjudicating cases of contravention of the Abkaree laws, and of fining to the extent of 200 rupees ---- yy III.

superintendent’s warrant shall be authority for the levying of any fine imposed or of imprisonment; the commissioner or the board of customs, salt and opium, being competent, upon appeal, to revise proceedings and reverse judgment yy IV.

premises of persons suspected of being en- gaged, without license, in the manufacture of fermented or spirituous liquors or other intoxicating drugs, and of illicitly trafficking in such articles, liable to search and their persons to arrest - -- -- -- -- yy V.

- — penalty to which persons obstructing by violence the lawful arrest by an officer duly authorized to seize illicit stills, &c. or otherwise resisting the execution of legal process, shall be subject ---- yy VI.

" penalty to which false informers are liable - yy VII.

person charged with an infraction of the Abkaree laws, required within 24 hours to report the transaction to their official superiors - -- -- -- - yy VIII.

the officer arresting bound to carry the party arrested to such authority as shall be competent to try the case - -- -- -- -- - yy IX.

— — any infringement of the two preceding clauses shall subject the officer so acting to dismissal from his situation, besides fine or imprisonment ---- yy X.

officers empowered to enter and inspect, at any time, the shops, &c. of licensed Abkars, to sqe that nothing is going on in contravention of the Abkaree laws - yy XI.

officers proved to have unjustly seized goods or persons of Abkars, or of having committed any other excess, subject to dismissal and other punishment yy XII.

construction of the terms " officers employed in the Abkaree department" ---- yy XIII.

licensed Abkars to produce their licenses when required ; if not, subject to fine or imprisonment yy XIV.

mode of appropriating fines and proceeds from sale of confiscated articles ---- yy XV.

officers of the department conniving at the manufacture or sale of liquors without license subject to the same penalty as the party acting in contravention of the Abkaree law ---- yy XVI.

— punishment for repeated infractions of the Abkaree law - - - - - - yy XVII.

j

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1840.

35

Acceptances. See Bills of Exchange.

Advances. See Bank of Bombay.

Affirmations ; penalty attendant on false affirmations by witnesses before arbitrators ----

Affrays ; amendment of the law for preventing affrays concerning the possession of land, and for giving relief in cases of forcible dispossession ----

----course which shall be adopted by a magistrate when

certified that a dispute, likely to cause a breach of the peace, exists concerning any land, premises, &c.

— magistrate authorized to attach the subject of dispute

until the rights of parties be determined by a competent court

----how a magistrate is to act in cases of complaints of

forcible dispossession of any land, premises, &c.

----on what principle award shall be based when the subject

of dispute be new-formed land, and never before in the possession of any party ----

----mode of adjusting disputes concerning the right of use of

any land or water ----

— penalty attending any opposition to the execution of

magistrate’s orders ----

----orders open to appeal ----

----arbitration may be resorted to when all parties agree

— nothing in this Act shall affect the legal exercise of any

right of attachment or seizure vested by law in any parties -

----limitation of jurisdiction - - -

Appeal, orders of a magistrate in cases of land disputes open to. See Affrays ----

Appeals in formct pauperis, amendment of the procedure in cases of Arbitration in cases of land disputes. See Affrays -

Arbitrations; extension of certain provisions of Statute 3 & 4 Will. IV. c. 42, to the territories of the East India Company ----

— mode of examining witnesses -

court empowered to give damages as here prescribed ----

----power of an arbitrator or umpire, duly appointed,

not revocable by any party, except with the sanction of the court by which such arbitrator or umpire is appointed

----rule regulating the attendance of witnesses and the

production of documents required by arbitrators

----penalty attendant on false oaths and affirmations

by witnesses - -- -- -- -

----date from which this Act is to take effect in

Calcutta, Madras, Bombay and the Straits -

Arrack. See Liquors.

Arrest for infractions of the Abkaree Law. See Abkaree Revenue.

Assessment of 10 per cent, levied on all lands not covered with houses or buildings within the limits of the towns of George Town, Singapore and Malacca, from 1st January 1841

----of 5 per cent, on property of the above description

situated beyond the limits of the aforesaid towns

----exemption from, of all property the valuation of

which shall be less than 10 Spanish dollars ...

----applicability of the provisions of Act XII. of 1839,

relating to assessment of houses and buildings, to the assessment authorized by this Act ----

---- rates of, on houses, buildings and grounds in

Calcutta; modification of the provisions of Statute 33 Geo. 111. c. 62 ; purposes to which assessments shall be applicable, viz. lighting and watering the roads and streets, and cleunsing and repairing the same and the drains of the town

— ----not to exceed 6 per cent, without the sanction of

the Governor of Bengal

ACT. SECTION. CLAUSE.

IX. V.

IV. i. I.

99 ii.

99 hi.

99 IV.

99 V.

99 VI.

99 VII.

99 VIII.

99 IX.

99 X.

99 XI.

99 VIII.

XIX.

IV. IX.

IX.

99 I.

99 II.

99 III.

99 IV.

99 V.

99 VI.

XII. I.

99 II.

99 III.

99 IV.

XXIV. I.

99 11.

5«.

F

(continued.)

36

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

Assessment; the justices at their quarter sessions shall publish quarterly the partibulars of all disbursements and deficiencies of collection in the different divisions of the town as herein described - - - -

---- — Governor of Bengal competent, whenever application shall be made, to authorize two-thirds in number and value of the rate-payers of any of such respective divisions to undertake themselves the assessment, collection and management of the rates of such division, under the provisions herein prescribed ----

---- Governor of Bengal shall appoint assessors or

collectors - - - - - -

---- — specification of the names of the owners or occupiers of houses, buildings and grounds not necessary in any assessment rate or warrant of distress, it being sufficient that the property rated is identified - - - - -

----goods and chattels of the owner of any property

liable to seizure for deficiency in the payment of rates; and any property found on the premises seizable for arrears. If property of a tenant, he may deduct the amount of the levy from the next payment of his rent ----

----course of proceeding when property liable to distress

is suspected of being concealed in the zenana - - -

Attachment in Land disputes. See Affrays -Auction-purchasers of permanently assessed estates. See Estates. Awards, competency of the majority of members composing punchayets to sign ----

XXIV.

11

VIII.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII. III.

Bank of Bombay, corporation from 1st April 1840 ; rights and privileges of the proprietors ----

----limitation of the capital stock to 50 lacs. Share of the

Bombay Government disposal of lapsed shares arising from the non-payment by proprietors of the full amount of their shares ----

----Government of India shall have the power of increasing

the capital stock - -- -- -- -

----capital stock shall be divided into shares of 1,000 rupees

each; 800 shares shall be the property of Government of Bombay; no share shall be of less amount than 1,000 rupees ----

----transaction of business shall commence on the 1st April

1840, after official notification; bank shall sue and be sued by its corporate name - - - -

----payment of the amount of subscription to the capital stock

shall be made for the time being to the Bombay sub-treasurer, who will grant receipts until the publication of the notifi* cation, when the amount shall be delivered to such directors of the bank as shall be appointed -

----after the delivery of the amount of capital stock to the

directors as aforesaid, sub-treasurer’s receipts shall be cancelled, and a certificate signed by the directors given to each proprietor - -- -- -- -

----no proprietor shall be allowed to increase his share to the

capital stock beyond 1,60,000, unless the capital stock itself is increased --- ----

----shares transferable by indorsement of certificates, such

indorsement being first registered at the bank - - -

----corporate body of the bank shall be composed only of the

registered proprietors for the time being - - - -

----business of the bank shall be conducted by nine directors,

three of whom shall be appointed and removable by the Government of Bombay, and the remainder by the general body of proprietors ----

— - - rule by which the election of directors shall be regulated

----two directors shall in rotation go out of office annually,

when a general meeting of proprietors shall be held for supplying their place ----

----provision in case of casualties, &c. occurring in the direction ----

----no person who shall not be a proprietor of 12 shares, or who

shall be a director of any other bank at Bombay, shall be eligible as a director ----

----all questions concerning the bank shall be decided by a

majority of votes at a general meeting - - - -

----scale regulating t)ie votes of proprietors - - - -

----Government of Bcmbay entitled to vote by proxy,such proxy

having seven votes ----

individual proprietors also entitled to vote by proxy in the manner herein prescribed ----

III.

ii

ii

n

ii

ii

ii

if

ii

ii

if

ii

ii

ii

if

ii

ii

if

if

I.

II.

III.

IT.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

GOVERNMENT OF fNDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1840.

Bank of Bombay ; directors shall elect a president from among themselves, who shall have a casting vote in all cases of equal division ----

— not less than three directors competent to form a board for the transaction of business ......

— invalidity of all accounts and executed instruments unless signed by three directors and sealed in their presence

----establishment for conducting the business of the bank placed

under the control of the directors; expenses not to exceed 60,000 rupees ^annually, except by special authority of the general proprietary - - ----

— certain of the officers employed by the bank shall be required

not to engage in any commercial business, and to give security to the extent of 60,000 rupees .... ----kinds of business in which the bank shall engage

— no negotiable security shall be discounted, nor any loans made‘s unless funds to a certain extent are available -

----terms on which loans and advances shall be made ; limitation of period and amount ......

— ---nature of the security to be taken on loans ... ----shall not be in advance at any time to Government more

than seven lacs and a half of Company’s rupees ...

----no overdrawals to be permitted .....

----may issue promissory notes to the extent herein specified -

----such notes as well as all other transactions to be confined

within the limits of India - -

----deposit of goods not of a perishable kind receivable -

— books shall be balanced on the 80th June and 31st December every year ; Government of Bombay entitled to demand any information it may require touching the bank from the directors ----

— rule regarding dividends ----

----general meeting of proprietors shall be held on the first

Monday of August every year .....

----three directors or ten proprietors competent to convene a

meeting upon giving 15 days’ previous notice ... ----branch banks may be established, subject to the rules prescribed by this Act for the bank itself .... — ----mode of recovering payment from proprietors who may be

in debt to the bank ----

----shall continue under its present constitution till the 1st

April 1847 ...........................................

----Schedule of the names of shareholders - - - -

Bills of Exchange, amendment of the law for the negotiation of, from 1st May 1840 ----

----specification of the nature of acceptancej liability of acceptors defined, &a &c. ----

----indorseable, except under circumstances specified

----jurisdiction of the Act ----

Bombay Code, modification of clause 2, Section XLV. of Regulation XIII. of 1827, of the, regarding confinement of prisoners. See Prisoners.

----extension of certain regulations to the agents of foreign

sovereigns having lands in Bombay. See Regulations.

Calcutta, rates of assessment for the town of. See Assessments. Commissioners in the Abkaree Department. See Abkaree Revenue.

Complaints of forcible dispossession of Land. See Affrays. Convicts, modification of the former rules regarding management of, transported within the Company’s territories ; mode in which their property shall be invested - - - -

----Governor-General in Council competent to appoint superintendents at such places where convicts are delivered

----Governor-general in Council competent to issue orders with

regard to their classification,confinement, treatment, &c.

----transported before, and whose terms of transportation are

not yet expired, subject to the provision of this Act -Courts Martial, execution of sentences passed by, under Act XXIII. of 1839 ......................- -

Damages, arbitrators empowered to levy. See Arbitrations. Debts. See Bank of Bombay. ----

Declarations and Oaths of Hindoos and Mahomedans. See Form.

----made under the authority of Act No. XXI. of 1837, or

any declaration or affirmation made in Her Majesty’s courts of justice not affected by Act V. of 1840 ...

5«.

III.

tt

tt

tt

tt

tt

tt

It

VI.

It

tt

XVI.

tt

II.

IX.

III.

V.

SECTION.

XX.

XXL

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

XXV.

XXVI.

XXVII.

XXVIII.

XXIX.

XXX.

XXXI.

XXXII.

XXXIII.

XXXIV.

XXXV.

XXXVI.

xxxvii.

XXXVIII.

XXXIX. XL.

tt

I.

II. to IV.

V.

VI.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

II.

XXXIX.

IV.

S7

CLAUSE.

(continued.)

38

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

Deposits. See Bank of Bombay -Directors, election of. ! See Bank of Bombay -Dispossession of lands, &c. See Affrays. ... Disputes in taking possession of lands, &c. See Affrays -Dividends. See Bank of Bombay -

ACT.

III.

IV.*

III.

SECTION.

XXXIII.

XII.

IV.

III.

XXXV.

CLAUSE.

Engagements. See Memorandum.

Establishment allowed to the Bombay Bank. See Bank of Bombay ----

Estates (permanently assessed), liability of auction-purchasers of such lands defined ----

99

XX.

XXIII.

I.

Factors, amendment of the law relating to; extension to the territories of the East India Company, in cases governed by English law, of the provisions of the statute (cited) 4th Geo. IV. c. 83, as altered and amended by statute (also cited) 6th Geo. IV. c. 94 - - - -- -- -

False Informers. See Abkaree Revenue.

Fine for breaches of the Salt Laws. See Salt Laws.

Fines in the Abkaree Department. See Abkaree Revenue.

Form of affirmation to be made by Hindoos and Mahomedans in lieu of oaths and declarations ----

----penalty attendant on false affirmations -

----any declaration or affirmation made under the authority of

Act No. XXL of 1837, not affected by the above. See Declarations -

Futwa, dispensed with in cases referred to the Foujdaree Adaw-lut at Madras - -- -- -- -

Gaols (civil and criminal) within the jurisdiction of Her Majesty^ courts. See Writs and Warrants.

George Town. See Assessment.

Houses of Correction within the jurisdiction of Her Majesty's courts. See Writs, Warrants, &c.

Informers in the Abkaree Department. See Abkaree Revenue.

XIII.

V.

99

99

I.

Juggemauth, abolition of pilgrim taxes at. See Taxes.

— > temple of, superintendence and management of

its affairs, &c. &c., vested in the Rajah of Khorda

... ....none but voluntary donations to be received from

pilgrims - -- -- -- --

----liability of the Khorda Rajah to prosecution in the

event of breach of trust or extortion being established against him, or the priests and officers under him. See Khorda Rajah ----

Jurisdiction of Act IV. of 1840, concerning affrays about land, &c.

- of Act VI. of 1840, concerning bills of exchange

X.

99

99

X.

IV.

VI.

Khorda Rajah, superintendence and management of the affairs, &c. of the temple of Juggernauth, vested in the - — none but voluntary donations to be received from pilgrims ----

----liability to prosecution in the event of breach of trust or

extortion being established against him, or the priests and officers under him ----

X.

99

99

Land, disputes regarding. See Affrays.

----(new! farmed) ditto.

Licenses. See Abkaree Revenue.

----for the sale of liquors within the islands of Bombay and

Col aba. See Liquors.

Liquors (spirituous and fermented), sale of, in Bombay and Colaba; collector of land revenue and senior magistrate of police in Bombay, conjointly vested with powers to grant or withhold licenses ----

— 1----Governor in Council authorized to regulate the form of

licenses - -- -- -- --

— ----this Act not to interfere with the laws now in force touch-

ing the sale of ----

Liquors. See Abkaree Revenue.

Loans. See Bank of Bombay.

XVIII.

99

99

Malacca. See Assessment.

Memorandum (written) rendered necessary to the validity of certain promises and engagements by the extension of Statute 9 Geo. IV. c. 14, to the territories of the East India Company ...........................

XIV.

I.

111.

IV.

I.

I.

IL

IV.

V. XI.

VI.

III.

IV.

V.

I.

II.

III.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1840.

39

Mendicants, in Calcutta, Madras and the islands of Bombay and Colaba, extorting alms by offensive and disgusting exhibitions, liable to imprisonment for one month

-repetition of offence, how punishable -

----punishment where resistance is offered to any peace-

officer attempting to apprehend them when guilty of the offences above named ----

Governor-General in Council empowered to extend

this Act to other places besides those named above Mofussil Writs and Wwrants. See Writs, Warrants, &c. Municipal Act. See Assessment.

Notes (promissory). See Bank of Bombay ----(ditto). See Bills of Exchange -

See

Oaths and Declarations of Hindoos and Mahomedans.

Form.

---- penalty attendant on false oaths made by witnesses before

arbitrators. See Arbitrations.

Penalty attending opposition to the execution of magistrate’s orders in land affrays. See Affrays -

to which persons making false affirmations shall be sub-

ject

---- to which persons convicted of causing another to make

false affirmations shall be subject -

---- for breaches of the Salt Laws. See Salt Laws.

for disobeying or obstructing the execution of writs, war-

rants, &c. issued by the Mofussil authorities. See Writs, Warrants, &c.

----for infractions of the Abkaree Laws. See Abkaree Revenue.

Pilgrim Taxes. See Taxes.

Prisoners, confined in any part of the provinces of Bombay, shall not be forced to labour or solitary confinement, unless expressly directed by the sentence of the court under whose warrant confined ----

---- court sentencing to imprisonment with labour, qualified to combine solitary confinement with it -Promises and Engagements. See Memorandum.

Promissory Notes. See Bank of Bombay -

----See Bills of Exchange -

Proprietors of the Bombay Bank. See Bank of Bombay -Punchayets; majority of members competent to sign awards

Regulations XV. of 1827, and XIII. of 1830, of the Bombay code, extended to the agents of foreign sovereigns having lands and possessions in the British territory of the Bombay presidency - -- -- -- --

V. of 1831, of the Madras code amended. See Salt

Laws.

XLIX. of 1793. See Suits.

Repeal of certain Regulations affecting the law for preventing affrays concerning the possession of land -

— ---- providing for the continuance of

duties levied on pilgrims at Gyah, and other places of pilgrimage ----

Revenue (Abkaree). See Abkaree Revenue.

Salt Laws, amendment of Regulation V. of 1831, of the Madras code, as far as regards penalties for breaches of the ; penalties recoverable before a magistrate ; restriction of fine to 50 rupees, and if imprisonment, to one month -Security for loans given from the Bombay Bank. See Bank of Bombay - -- -- -- --

Shareholders of the Bombay Bank. See Bank of Bombay Sheriffs, course of proceeding to be observed by, touching the execution of legal process issued by Mofussil authorities within the jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s courts. See Writs, Wrarrants, &c.

Singapore and Malacca. See Assessment.

Solitary Confinement See Prisoners.

Statute 9 Geo. IV. cap. 14, extended to the Company’s territories. See Memorandum.

Suits ; Act IV. of 1840, not to affect the trial of suits under Regulation XLIX. of 1793, which were pending before the passing of that Act ----

Superintendents in the Abkaree Department. See Abkaree Revenue.

58.

r 3

XXII.

III.

VI.

IX.

IV.

V.

XI.

III.

VI.

III.

VIII.

XV.

IV.

X.

XVII.

III.

SECTION.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

XXXI.

V.

VII.

II.

III.

I.

II.

XXXI.

V.

after XL.

XXI.

CLAUSE.

XXVIII. after XL.

(continued.)

4o

INDEX TO ACTS OF GOVERNMENT OF INDIA : 1840.

ACT. SECTION. CLAUSE.

Taxes (pilgrim), abolition of, upon pilgrims resorting to Allahabad, Gyah and Juggernaut!) ..... X. i.

Temple of Juggemauth. See Juggernauth. Toddy. See Liquors. Transported Convicts. See Convicts.

Trial of cases referred to the Court of Foujdaree Adawlut at Madras. See Futwa.

Uncovenanted Servants, eligibility of, to the offices of deputy-register and assistant-register to the Sudder Courts in Bengal and the north-western provinces - VII.

Vagrants* See Mendicants.

Warrant of Distress. See Assessments.

Warrants' issued by officers in the Abkaree department. See Abkaree Revenue.

Witnesses, rule with regard to the examination ofj in cases of arbitration. See Arbitration ---- IX. i.

rule regulating the attendance of, before arbitrators - 99 IV.

" penalty attendant on false oaths and affirmations V.

attendance of, by process issued by the Mofussil authorities. See Writs, Warrants, &c.

Writs, warrants, or other legal process issued by authorities in the Mofussil, how to be executed within the local limits of the jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s courts at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay ---- XXIII. I.

course prescribed for the guidance of sheriffs in the execution - -- -- -- -- 99 II.

liability of such sheriffs to be proceeded against in all matters touching their execution, in like manner as if they had originally issued from Her Majesty’s courts XXIII. III.

penalty to which all persons disobeying or obstructing their execution shall be subject ---- 99 IV.

duty of the sheriff to deliver the party seized or detained by virtue of such writs, Ac., either to the authority issuing the writs, or to the person charged with the execution of the same - - - - -- -- 99 V.

competency of a judge of Her Majesty’s courts indorsing such writs or warrants, previous to execution, to remit the same for amendment, if found defective, to the authority by whom they are issued ---- 99 VI.

persons seized under this Act bailable - - - - 99 VII.

- civil and criminal gaols and houses of correction within the jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s supreme courts shall be liable to be used by the sheriff for the purposes of this Act - XXIII. VIII.

EAST INDIA.

COPY of the ACTS passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council, for the Year 1840; with Index.

(Pursuant to Act.)

_Q

"O

CD

N

D)

Q

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to be Printed 25 February 1842.

58.

Under 8 oz,

