EAST INDIA.

ACTS passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of , in Council, for 1841 and 1842 ; with Indexes. — (Pursuant to Act.)

East India House, 3 June 1844. J

JAMES C. MELVILL.

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to be Printed, 4 £ 5 June 1844.

ACTS of the Government of India ; 1841.

ACT No. I. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 12th April 1841.

An Act for facilitating the Collection of the Revenue of Government and defining the Interest intended to be conveyed by Public Sales for the Realization of Arrears of the Public Revenue in Putteedarree Estates.

I. npHE Regulations in force authorize the application of duress for enforcing A the payment of arrears of the public revenue, only against the person and property of the contracting Lumberdar, leaving him to proceed against the Putteedars by suit or distraint. But with reference to the peculiar nature of these coparcenaries the existing enactments appear to be insufficient on the one hand for the protection of the rights of the Putteedars, and on the other hand for the punctual realization of the dues of government. The Regulations are also deficient in not authorizing with sufficient distinctness the sale or transfer of the Puttees of defaulting Putteedars in Putteedarree estates, and in not defining the interest intended to be conveyed by public sales of such estates.

II. A Putteedarree estate in this Act is held to be an estate which consists of two or more separate portions or Puttees, or of which there may be proprietors, possessed of separate properties and holding direct of the government, but not parties in their own names to the contract with the government for payment of the public revenue. The proprietor who is a party in his ow n name is called a Lumberdar, and the proprietor who is not a party in his own name is called a Putteedar.

III. It is hereby enacted, that the following modes of duress may be enforced against all Putteedars whose tenure and interest may have been defined by a settlement formed according to Regulation VII. of 1822 as modified by Regulation IX. of 1833, whether every such Putteedar be in sole occupation of his Puttee, or hold it common with others.

1st. Issue of Dustucks in the same manner, and under the same limitation, as authorized by the rules in force for Lumberdars.

2d. Arrest, detention, imprisonment, distraint and sale of personal property as now authorized to be enforced against Lumberdars.

3d. Transfer of the defaulting Puttee in perpetuity to the members of any other Puttee which may not be in arrear.

344. A 4th.

ACTS of 1841.

Preamble.

EAST INDIA.

ACTS passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of , in Council, for 1841 and 1842; with Indexes. — (Pursuant to Act.)

East India House,! 3 June 1844. J

JAMES C. MELVILL.

Ordered, by The House of Commons, be Printed, 4^5 1844.

ACTS of the Government of India ; 1841.

ACT No. I. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 12th April 1841.

An Act for facilitating the Collection of the Revenue of Government and defining the Interest intended to be conveyed by Public Sales for the Realization of Arrears of the Public Revenue m Putteedarree Estates.

I. fT'HE Regulations in force authorize the application of duress for enforcing A the payment of arrears of the public revenue, only against the person and property oi the contracting Lumberdar, leaving him to proceed against the Putteedars by suit or distraint. But with reference to the peculiar nature of these coparcenaries the existing enactments appear to be insufficient on the one hand for the protection of the rights of the Putteedars, and on the other hand for the punctual realization of the dues of government. The Regulations are also deficient in not authorizing with sufficient distinctness the sale or transfer of the Puttees of defaulting Putteedars in Putteedarree estates, and in not defining the interest intended to be conveyed by public sales of such estates.

II. A Putteedarree estate in this Act is held to be an estate which consists of two or more separate portions or Puttees, or of which there may be proprietors, possessed of separate properties and holding direct of the government, but not parties in their own names to the contract with the government for payment of the public revenue. The proprietor who is a party in his own name is called a Lumberdar, and the proprietor who is not a party in his own name is called a Putteedar.

III. It is hereby enacted, that the following modes of duress may be enforced against all Putteedars whose tenure and interest may have been defined by a settlement formed according to Regulation VII. of 1822 as modified by Regulation IX. of 1833, whether every 6uch Putteedar be in sole occupation of his Puttee, or hold it common with others.

1st. Issue of Dustucks in the same manner, and under the same limitation, as authorized by the rules in force for Lumberdars.

2d. Arrest, detention, imprisonment, distraint and sale of personal property as now authorized to be enforced against Lumberdars.

3d. Transfer of the defaulting Puttee in perpetuity to the members of any other Puttee which may not be in arrear.

344. A 4th.

ACTS of 1841.

Preamble.

ACTS of 1841.

a ACTS OF THE

4th. Annulment of the settlement as regards the defaulting Puttee, and lease thereof to the members of any other Puttee which may not be in arrear, or to a stranger for any term not exceeding fifteen years.

5th. Sale of the defaulting Puttee by public auction, in which case the members of the remaining Puttees who may not be in arrear are authorized to bid.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that on occasion of the sale by public auction of any Puttee, if the lot shall have been knocked down to a stranger, any Putteedar or other member of the coparcenary not being himself in arrear, may claim to take the said Puttee at the sum last bid, provided that the said demand of pre-emption be made on the day of sale and before the collector shall have left the office, and provided that the claimant fulfil all the other conditions of the sale.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the above methods be employed by the collector or other officers vested with the powers of collector, under such limitation and control as government or other superior revenue authorities shall see fit to prescribe or enforce.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that the sale of any Puttee by public auction, shall be effected in respect to the notice to be issued, the authority to be obtained, and the mode of conducting the sale according to the rules prescribed by law, from time to time, for the sale of. an entire mehal; and the Puttee after the sale shall have been duly confirmed, shall be the absolute property of the purchaser, save and except the rights of those ryots whose right to the permanent occupancy of their lands may have been recognized, and the rates of rent payable by whom may have been adjusted and recorded at the last settlement.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that in case of the lease or other temporary transfer of any Puttee as abovesaid, no member of that Puttee shall be entitled to cultivate any land therein during the term of such transfer, or in case of absolute sale no member of the Puttee shall be entitled to hold or cultivate any land therein from and after the month of Bysack next succeeding such sale, unless the said member of such sold or transferred Puttee shall first execute a written engagement to pay rent to the purchaser or transferee at the rate demanded by the purchaser or transferree : Provided that it shall be competent to the collector, subject to the orders of the commissioner and the Sudder Board of Revenue, if the rate cannot be fixed by private bargain between the parties, to cause the same to be fixed by a jury of the vicinage in the mode directed by Sections V. to X., Regulation IX. of 1833.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that a copy of the Jumma Wasil Bakee, and detailed Kuteonee of the Tehsildar, signed and sealed by him, and countersigned by the Canoongoes and Putwarry, exhibiting in detail the amount paid by, and arrear due from each Puttee, shall be taken to be sufficient evidence of the arrear due from that Puttee, and these papers shall invariably be filed with the collector’s proceedings.

IX. And be it enacted, that the collector be empowered to give possession to all purchasers and transferrees under this Act in the mode authorized by Clause III., Section XXIII. of Regulation VII. of 1822.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that nothing contained in this Act shall bar the indefeasible right of government to hold the entire body of proprietors and the entire estate responsible for the amount of the whole jumma, and to enforce the existing regulations for the transfer or sale of the whole estate whenever it shall appear to them just and expedient. In every such case it is hereby declared, in modification of Regulation XI. of 1822, that the entire proprietary rights of every member of the coparcenary shall be annulled and forfeited, and the provision of Section VII. of this Act shall be applicable to every member of the coparcenary.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that the Governor-General in Council may extend the provisions of this Act to any district to which, with reference to the nature of the tenures prevalent therein, its extension may be expedient, although

no

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

3

no settlement of such district may have been made under Regulations VII. of 1822, and IX. of 1833, and the order of government shall be sufficient authority for such extension.

ACT No. II. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 10th of May 1841.

An Act for regulating the Sale of Ganja and Bhang within the Presidency

of Bombay.

I. It is hereby enacted, that any person who shall sell by retail ganja, or bhang, within the territories subject to the Presidency of Bombay, without having obtained a licence from the collector of land revenue, in the manner hereinafter provided, shall be punishable by fine, not exceeding 30 rupees, or by imprisonment for one month.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the collector of land revenue in each zilla shall grant to all persons applying for them, licences in the form of Appendix (A.), to be in force for one year, and shall charge for the same a fee of such amount as the Governor of Bombay in Council shall from time to time determine.

Appendix (A.)

Form of Licence to Retail Bhang or Ganja.

I, A. B., collector of , hereby licence C. D., by caste

inhabitant of , to sell by retail ganja and bhang within the village

(town or district) of , for one year from the date hereof.

(signed) A. B. Collector.

Collector’s Office, day of

ACT No. III. op 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 10th of May 1841.

An Act for the Trial of Prisoners charged with the commission of certain

Offences within the Islands of Bombay and Colaba, and the Harbour of

Bombay.

I. Whereas it is expedient to extend the jurisdiction conferred upon the Court of Petty Sessions in Bombay by Rule, Ordinance and Regulation II. of 1827, Article I., Title IV., and to give the power of summary conviction to single magistrates of police in certain cases; it is hereby enacted, that all persons charged with the commission of simple larceny, or with receiving goods or property knowing the same to have been stolen within the Islands of Bombay and Colaba, and the Harbour of Bombay, may be tried summarily by the Court of Petty Sessions in Bombay, provided the value of the property the prisoner is charged with having stolen or received as aforesaid, does not, according to the belief of the said court, exceed 20 rupees.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the said Court of Petty Sessions shall not have power to sentence any such person to be imprisoned with or without hard labour for a longer period than 12 calendar months, or to be transported.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Petty Sessions, when any person is charged before them with either of the offences aforesaid, at its discretion, instead of trying such person, to commit for trial before Her Majesty’s Supreme Court of Justice in Bombay.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for a single magistrate of police in Bombay to exercise the power of summary conviction in all cases

344* a 2 described

ACTS of 18+1.

4

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

described in the following Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations, provided that in cases of simple larceny the value of the property the prisoner is charged with having stolen does not, according to the belief of the said magistrate, exceed 10 rupees.

Rule, Ordinance, and Regulation I. of 1814.

Articles I. II. and III. of Title IV. of Rule, Ordinance and Regulation II. of 1827.

Title VI. of the same.

Title VIII. of the same.

Title IX. of the same.

Title X. of the same.

Articles III. and IV. of Title XI. of the same.

Such police magistrate to have full power of summoning to appear before him all persons whose presence is necessary to promote the purposes of justice, and to have the same power of apprehending and punishing any person so summoned under the same circumstances as the Court of Petty Sessions is empowered under Act XVIII., Rule, Ordinance, and Regulation III. of 1815.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the said magistrate of police shall not have power to sentence any person to be imprisoned with or without hard labour for a longer period than three calendar months.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the magistrate of police when any person is charged before him under this Act, in his discretion either to try such person or to commit him for trial before the Court of Petty Sessions or Her Majesty’s said Supreme Court of Justice.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that the magistrate of police, after trying any offender charged before him by virtue of this Act, shall cause his judgment to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in such other form of words to the same effect as the case shall require, that is to say,

Be it remembered, that on the day of in the year

of our Lord before me magistrate of police in and

for the said town and presidency, E. F. was duly convicted (here specify the alleged offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case may be), and I the said magistrate of police believe the value of the property stolen to amount to a sum not exceeding 10 rupees, that is to say, rupees and I adjudge the said E. F. (here state

the punishment the prisoner is to suffer, as the case may be). Given under my hand the day and year first above named.

(signed) * ----

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that upon any conviction for simple larceny or for receiving stolen goods, the authority before which such conviction shall have taken place, shall have power to order the restitution of the property stolen, if forthcoming, to the owner or his representative, and in case of its not being restored pursuant to such order, to impose on any person refusing or neglecting to restore the same, a fine not exceeding 20 rupees, and in default of payment, to adjudge the person guilty of such neglect or refusal to be imprisoned for the space of one calendar month, unless the property be sooner restored.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that Article I., Title XIV., and Article III., Title XV. of Rule, Ordinance and Regulation II. of 1827 are hereby repealed. And it is enacted, that whenever any offender is convicted of any second or repeated offence, it shall be lawful for the Court of Petty Sessions to award a double punishment: Provided always, that in no case shall corporal punishment extend beyond 24 lashes, or imprisonment beyond 12 months.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that all fines and penalties hereafter to be awarded by the Court of Petty Sessions or the police magistrates in Bombay, or either of them, under this Act or otherwise, shall be levied in the manner provided in Act II. of 1839.

XI. And it is hereby declared, that nothing in this Act contained shall be’

construed

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

5

construed to affect the remedy of any person aggrieved by the conviction of the said Court of Petty Sessions or a magistrate of police, through the means of the writ of certiorari.

ACT No. IV. op 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 17th May 1841.

An Act for regulating Public Conveyances in the Islands of Bombay and

Colaba, and the Harbour of Bombay.

I. It is hereby enacted, that all hackney carriages, carts, palankeens, and other vehicles let to hire for the purpose of conveying persons or goods within the Islands of Bombay and Colaba, and all boats let to hire for such purpose within the Harbour of Bombay, shall bear upon them, in manner as directed by the superintendent of police, on each side, in large English and native figures or characters, a certain number, to be indicated for every such public conveyance in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and every person who shall let out to hire any such public conveyance after the expiration of two months from the day of passing this Act, which shall not bear such number in manner aforesaid, or which shall bear any number not indicated as aforesaid, or after notice as hereinafter mentioned to withdraw the same, shall be liable, on conviction before a magistrate of police, to a fine not exceeding 30 rupees.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the numbers to be used for public conveyances shall be indicated by the superintendent of police on application of the owners of such conveyances, and it shall be lawful for the Court of Petty Sessions, on proof of the breach of any provision of this Act by the owner of any such conveyance as aforesaid, to give such owner notice to withdraw the number which may theretofore have been indicated to him in manner aforesaid.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that every teekabearer, boatman, or other person employed in the conveyance of persons or goods as aforesaid by the owner of any such public conveyance, shall wear, in manner a9 directed by the superintendent of police, a badge on the upper part of his right arm, with the number of the public conveyance to which he belongs, which badge shall be indicated by the said superintendent; in default whereof every person so employed and not having such badge as aforesaid, shall be liable, on conviction before a magistrate of police, to a fine not exceeding 20 rupees.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Petty Sessions from time to time to settle the rates for the hire of such public conveyances as aforesaid, and the rates so settled, if sanctioned by the Governor of Bombay in Council, shall be published twice in the Government Gazette ; and after such publication, if the owner or other person in charge of any such public conveyance as aforesaid shall receive or require any higher rate for the hire thereof, or shall refuse a fare upon tender of the prescribed rate, the person or persons on whose application the number of such public conveyance shall have been indicated as aforesaid, or the person receiving or requiring such higher rate or refusing such fare, shall be liable, on conviction before a magistrate of police, to a fine not exceeding 20 rupees: Provided always, that no person shall be deemed to be liable to the penalty in this section, unless the settled rate of hire shall have been duly tendered; and any person refusing to pay the money due from him for the hire of any such conveyance according to the rate settled as aforesaid, shall be liable, on conviction before a magistrate of police, to a fine not exceeding 20 rupees ; and no contract for hire under the settled rate shall be valid or binding on any owner of a public conveyance.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the superintendent of police shall keep a register containing a full description of applicants receiving numbers under this Act, and of every conveyance for which any number is obtained, and of every person for whom any badge is obtained; and every offender using or authorizing the use of any number or badge otherwise than for such particular conveyance or person, shall be liable, on summary conviction before the Court of Petty Sessions, to a fine not exceeding 100 rupees.

344* . 43 VI. And

ACTS of 1841.

6

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Petty Sessions from time to time to appoint stands for public carriages and palkees ; and every person in charge of any carriage or palkee found loitering off any such stand for the purpose of hire, shall be liable, on conviction before a magistrate of police, to a fine not exceeding 10 rupees.

VII. And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any person from letting to hire any conveyance for a month or longer period without any such number being applied for as aforesaid.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that all fines imposed by virtue of this Act shall be recoverable in manner provided for by Act II. of 1839.

ACT No. V. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 31st May 1841.

An Act for the greater uniformity of the Process upon Trials for State Offences, and the amendment of such Process in certain cases.

I. Whereas it is expedient that the rules of process for the trials of state offences should be modified, with a view to uniformity at the different presidencies ; and whereas some of the rules heretofore in force at particular presidencies require amendment; —

It is hereby enacted, in modification of all Regulations and parts of Regulations affecting process upon trials for state offences, that it shall be competent for the ordinary tribunals to try charges of treason, rebellion, or other crime against the state.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent for the government of any presidency to issue a commission for the trial of any offences of treason, rebellion, or crime against the state, by one or more judges, together with such law officers as shall be required, or without any such officer, according as it may be deemed expedient.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the courts convened under such commissions are to try the prisoners brought before them in the same manner as in trials before the ordinary courts; and shall exercise all powers and authorities vested in such courts, except that their sentence, whether of acquittal or punishment, shall in every instance be reported with their proceedings to the highest court of the East India Company for criminal matters of the presidency, previous to carrying the same into execution ; and they are to be guided as to the place where they are to assemble, the persons to be tried by them, and all other particulars not provided by any Regulation of the respective presidencies, or by any Act of the Governor-General of India in Council, by the special orders which they may receive from the executive government, or from the highest court of the East India Company for criminal matters in the presidency.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that in case of the death, or of the absence from indisposition or other cause, of any of the judges, or law officers of the courts which may be appointed to try offenders under this Regulation, the remaining judge or judges, or law officer or officers, shall be competent to form a court and proceed with the trial or trials, until provision can be made by the government of the presidency for supplying the place of such judge or judges, or law officer or officers, if any such provision shall be deemed necessary; or, if no such provision be made, the powers and proceedings of the said courts shall not be affected by the death or absence of such judge or judges, or law officer or officers.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the highest courts of the East India Company for criminal matters of the respective presidencies, on the receipt of any trials referred to them under this Act, are to proceed thereupon according to the rules in force with respect to other trials referred to them; except that they are in every instance to report their sentences to the executive government of the

presidency

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

T

presidency for the time being; and are to wait the orders of government for the period of three calendar months before they direct their sentence to be carried into execution.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that the magistrates of the several zillahs and cities, where any person or persons shall be charged with the crimes mentioned in this Act, shall give immediate notice thereof to the government of the presidency to which their several districts or cities belong, and shall pay immediate and strict attention to all orders which may be transmitted to them by their respective governments for the apprehension of persons charged as aforesaid, or for making any inquiry respecting such persons, or for committing them to take their trials before the ordinary courts, or before the special courts described in this Act.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that this Act shall not be construed to alter or affect the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts of Justice.

ACT No. VI. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 7th June 1841.

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Rum and Rum Shrub into the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

I. It is hereby enacted, that if any person, after the passing of this Act, lands or attempts to land, or shall introduce by land in any part of the territories subject to the government of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, any rum or rum shrub which is the produce of any foreign country, or of any British possession into which foreign sugar or rum can be legally imported, such rum or rum shrub shall be seized by the collector of the customs, or by any other officer authorized to seize and detain contraband goods, and shall be brought to-confiscation according to the rules in force for confiscating such goods, unless the district in which such rum or rum shrub is landed, or in which an attempt has been made to land such rum or rum shTub, be a district in which the Governor-General of India in Council has authorized the importation of such rum or rum shrub, and it shall be lawful for the Governor-General of India in Council to authorize the importation of such rum and rum shrub into any district of the territories aforesaid by an order in the official Gazette.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that if any owner of rum or rum shrub, the produce of the said territories, or the duly authorized agent of such owner, be desirous to obtain a certificate of origin from the collector or assistant collector of the land or customs revenue of any district within the said territories, or from any other officer appointed by the Governor-General of India in Council to give such certificates, such owner or agent shall, in the presence of the officer from whom he desires to obtain such certificate, make and subscribe a declaration in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A), and to the said declaration shall be appended a certificate to its verity from any government officer who may be attached to the distillery where such rum or rum shrub is declared to have been manufactured, in the form prescribed in the said Schedule (A).

III. And it is hereby enacted, that if the district be one into which the Governor-General of India in Council has not by any order authorized the importation of foreign sugar or rum, or of sugar or rum the growth or produce of any British possession into which foreign sugar or rum can be legally imported, then the officer before whom such a declaration as is aforesaid shall have been made, shall grant under his hand and seal to the declarant a certificate in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (B).

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that every person who intends to ship rum or rum shrub from any place within the said territories for any part of the United Kingdom, shall be entitled to produce to the collector of customs at that place, or to any other officer who may have been appointed by the governments of the respective presidencies to act on that behalf in place of the collector of customs,.

344. a 4 a certificate

ACTS of 1841.

8

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

a certificate such as is above described, and also, in the presence of the officer to whom he has so produced such certificate, to make and subscribe a declaration in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (C).

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the officer to whom such a certificate shall have been so produced, and before whom a declaration in the last-mentioned form shall have been so made and subscribed, shall, unless he see cause to deem such declaration fraudulent and untrue, grant to the person who has made the last-mentioned declaration a certificate in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (D).

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that the owner of rum or rum shrub intended for exportation under this Act, or the duly authorized agent of such owner, shall not be entitled to any of the certificates described in this Act, unless such rum or rum shrub shall be the produce of a distillery worked according to law, in the European method, under licence from the Board or other authority vested witti the management of the revenue derived from the abkarry or tax on spirits.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that the rum and rum shrub manufactured for exportation to the United Kingdom under this Act at any licensed distillery, shall be manufactured pure, without admixture of spirits made from rice, grains, or any other substance or substances not being the produce of the sugar cane or of the date or palm tree, and shall be so declared and verified at the time of application for a certificate of origin, according to the form of Schedule (A).

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that if any rum or rum shrub that may be brought to any custom-house for exportation under this Act shall be found to be adulterated or mixed contrary to the above prohibition, the same, with the casks or materials in which it is contained, shall be seized and confiscated, and the party or parties upon whose declaration certificate of manufacture free from adulteration or mixture may have been granted for the admission of such rum or rum shrub to the privilege of exportation under this Act, as well as the party or parties who may have verified such declaration, shall be proceeded against for the false and fraudulent declaration as hereinunder prescribed.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that any person who shall, in making any declaration under the authority of this Act, knowingly affirm an untruth, shall, on conviction thereof before such court as would be competent to try such person for perjury, be punished as in cases of perjury; and every person procuring another person to affirm such untruth, shall be liable to be punished as in cases of subornation of perjury; and any officer of government subscribing an attestation to the verity of such declaration, knowing the same to be untrue, shall be subject to a like penalty as the false declarant, besides dismissal from the employment of government.

Schedule (A.)

I, A. B., solemnly declare that all the rum or rum shrub hereinunder described, is the produce of the licensed distillery, named in the

district of ; and that the said rum or rum shrub is the produce of the

sugar cane, date, or palm tree, and wholly free from any admixture of spirits manufactured from rice, grains, or any other substance whatever.

The day of 18 (signed) B.

* I, B. B., government officer in charge on the part of government of the distillery, do hereby certify that the above is a true and correct

declaration.

(signed) B. B., government officer

attached to the Distillery.

* This declaration must be drawn out before the rum leaves the distillery, in order that the attestation of the government officer may be attached.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

ft

Description of the to which the above Declaration relates.

Quantity in Gallons. Quality. Average Strength by Sykes's Hydrometer. Number and Denomination of Packages. Marks on Packages.

The day of 18 (signed. ) A. B.

Collector’s number

Collector’s date of 18 Seal of the Collector.

(signed) Y. Z., Collector.

Schedule (B.)

I, C. D., collector of land revenue (or collector of custom revenue, or being an officer appointed by the Governor-General of India in Council to act in this behalf) for the district of do hereby, in conformity with the provisions of Act

, grant this certificate under my hand and seal, that the rum or rum shrub described in the declaration hereunto annexed, which is sealed with the seal of this office, numbered of 18 , dated

the of 18 , and signed by , manager or owner

of the licensed distillery called , is the produce of the district

of , and is declared to be free from any admixture of spirits

manufactured from other substance than the sugar cane, date, or palm tree; and that the importation of foreign sugar and rum, and of sugar and rum the growth or produce of any British possessions into which foreign sugar and rum can be legally imported, is prohibited in the said district of

(L. S.)

This day of 18 . (signed) C. D.

Schedule (C.)

I, JE. F., shipper of the rum or rum shrub, hereinunder described, solemnly declare that all the rum or rum shrub hereinunder described, is, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the same rum or rum shrub to which the certificate now produced by me relates.

(signed) F.

Description of to which this Declaration relates.

Quantity in Gallons. Quality. Average Strength by Sykes's Hydrometer. Number and Denomination of Packages. Name of Ship or Vessel. Name of Master of Ship or Vessel.

The day of 18 (signed) E. F.

344- B

ACTS of 1841.

ACTS of 1841.

10

ACTS OF THE

Schedule (D.)

I, R. IV., collector of customs (or being an officer appointed by the Governor-General of India in Council to act in this behalf), for the port of ,

certify under my hand and seal, that there has been produced to me by F., the shipper of the rum or rum shrub hereinunder described, a certificate under the hand and seal of C. D., collector of land revenue (or collector of custom revenue, or being an officer appointed by the Governor-General of India in Council to act in this behalf), for the district of , in the territories

forming part of the presidency of Fort William or Agra, which certificate certifies that the said rum or rum shrub is of the produce of the said district, and is declared to be free from any admixture of spirits manufactured from other substance than the sugar cane, date, or palm tree, and that the importation of foreign sugar and rum, or sugar and rum the growth or produce of any British possession into which foreign sugar and rum can be legally imported, is prohibited in the said district.

(l. s.)

The day of 18

(signed) R. IF.,

Collector of Customs.

Description of the to which the Certificate relates.

Quantity inr Gallons. Quality. Average Strength by Sykes’s Hydrometer. N umber and Denomination, of Packages. Name of Ship or Vessel. Name of Master of Ship or Vessel.

(signed) R. IV.,

Collector of Customs.

ACT No. VII. of 1841.

Passed by the Right honourable the Governor-general of India in Council on

the 14th June 1841.

An Act for a more uniform and an improved Process for taking the Examination

of Absent Witnesses.

I. It is hereby enacted, that all Regulations and parts of Regulations for taking the examination of absent witnesses in any presidency, are hereby repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for any court within the territories under the government of the East India Company, and the several judges thereof, in every civil proceeding depending in such court, upon the application of any of the parties to such proceeding, to order the examination, upon interrogatories or otherwise, before any officer of such court, or other person or persons named in such order, of any witnesses within the jurisdiction of the court where the proceeding shall be depending, or to order a commission to issue to any subordinate court for the examination of such witnesses upon interrogatories or otherwise, or to order a commission to issue to any other court for the examination of witnesses at any place or places out of such jurisdiction, upon interrogatories or otherwise, and by the same or any subsequent order or orders to give all such directions for taking such examinations, as well within the jurisdiction of the court wherein the proceeding shall be depending as without, as nrnv appear reasonable and just: Provided always, that any court to

whom

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

ll

whom any such commission, shall be directed shall take the examination in open court, in all cases where witnesses are able to attend in court and are not exempted from attendance by law, absolutely, or at the discretion of the court; provided also, that such commissions as aforesaid for the examination of witnesses out of such jurisdiction may be directed otherwise than to some court under special circumstances which may appear to the court issuing the commission to render such special direction expedient; provided also, that all commissions issued and orders made by any court of the East India Company, and which are required to be executed within the local limits of any of Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts, shall be directed in manner hereinafter mentioned.;

III. And it is hereby enacted, that when any order shall be made for the examination of witnesses within the jurisdiction of the court wherein any such proceeding as aforesaid shall be depending by the authority of this Act, it shall be lawful for the court or any judge thereof, in and by the first order to be made in the matter, or any subsequent order to command the attendance of any person to be named in such order, and to direct the attendance of any such person to be at his own place of residence or elsewhere, if necessary or convenient so to do, and to produce all necessary documents and papers; and the wilful disobedience to any such order shall be deemed a contempt of court, and punishable as in other cases of refusing or neglecting to give testimony: Provided always, that every person whose attendance shall be required under this Act shall be entitled to the like payment for expenses and loss of time, as upon attendance in court in cases where such expenses are now allowed.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for every court or person authorized to take the examination of witnesses by any order or commission issued in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required to take all such examinations upon oath or affirmation where an affirmation is admissible or required upon a trial; and if upon such oath or affirmation any person making the same shall wilfully and corruptly give any false evidence, every person so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of perjury, and every person causing or procuring another person to commit the offence of perjury hereby defined shall be guilty of subornation of perjury.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that before any order or commission for the examination of any witness under this Act shall be issued, the court or judge issuing the same shall be satisfied that there is good reason for believing that the witness will be unable to attend at the usual time for examination by reason of absence from the jurisdiction, sickness, or other cause allowed by law. And before granting any such commission, the court granting the same shall make particular inquiry as to the present residence of the witness whose deposition is to be taken under such commission, and as to the court of the same degree as the court granting such commission, or of inferior degree to such court which may be nearest to the place of residence of the witness; and the commission shall ordinarily be directed to such court of equal or inferior degree as may. most conveniently execute the same : Provided, however, that if there be doubt as to which is the most convenient court of equal or inferior jurisdiction, such commission may be directed to the judge having jurisdiction within the district within which the commission is to be executed; and the judge shall at his discretion execute the commission in his own court, or direct it to any subordinate court within his district, which shall have the same effect for all the purposes of this Act as if the commission had in the first instance been directed to such subordinate court; and no deposition taken under this Act, except as hereinafter mentioned, shall be read in evidence without the consent of the party against whom the same may be offered, unless it be proved that the deponent is beyond the jurisdiction of the court, or dead, or unable from sickness or infirmity to attend to be personally examined, or distant without collusion more than 50 coss from the place where the court is held, or exempted by law, absolutely or at the discretion of the court, from personal appearance iu court, or unless the court shall at its discretion dispense with the proof of any of the above circumstances, or shall authorize the deposition of any witness being read in evidence, notwithstanding proof that the causes for taking such deposition have ceased at the time of reading the same; and after the witness' shall be produced, and shall have delivered his testimony, it shall he lawful for

344* b 2 the

ACTS of 1B44.

12

ACTS OF THE

AQTS of 1841.. tjie court at its discretion to authorize the reading of the deposition ; and all---- depositions taken under this Act, being duly certified, may be read, at the discretion of the court, without proof of the signature to such certificate.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that any court other than one of Her Majesty’s courts, or any judge thereof, may issue such commissions as aforesaid, and such orders as are indicated in the second and third sections of this Act to be executed within the local limits of the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s courts; and all such commissions and orders, except when directed otherwise than to a court, shall be directed to a court of requests having jurisdiction within such limits, or any part thereof.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that such commissions and orders as aforesaid may be issued for execution under this Act within the territories of princes and states in alliance with the East India Company; and all persons within such last-mentioned territories, being in the service of the East India Company, are hereby required to pay obedience thereto; and for disobedience thereof shall, on being found within the jurisdiction of the court or judge issuing any such commission or order, be punishable in like manner as it such offence had been committed within such jurisdiction ; and for giving false testimony under the same shall be punishable by any court of justice within the territories of the East India Company.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever the evidence of any absent witness shall be required out of the jurisdiction of the court in which the proceedings for which the evidence is wanted may be pending, and the commission shall be directed to any court, such court may punish the wilful disobedience of any such order as aforesaid as a contempt, notwithstanding it shall not itself have made such order, with the same amount of punishment as in other cases of refusing or neglecting to give testimony.

ACT No. VIII. of 1841.

Passed by the Right honourable the Governor-general of India in Council on

the 21st June 1841.

An Act to enable Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts within the Territories of the East India Company to give Relief against Adverse Claims made upon persons having no Interest in the subject of such Claims.

I. Whereas it often happens that a person sued at law for the recovery of money or goods wherein he has no interest, and which are also claimed of him by some third party, lias no means of relieving himself from such adverse claims but by a suit in equity against the plaintiff and such third party, usually called a bill of interpleader, which is attended with expense and delay;

It is hereby enacted, that upon application made by or on the behalf of any defendant sued in any of Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts in any action of assumpsit, debt, detinue, or trover, such application being made after declaration and before plea by affidavit or otherwise, showing that such defendant does not claim any interest in the subject matter of the suit, but that the right thereto is claimed or supposed to belong to some third party who has sued or is expected to sue for the same, and that such defendant does not in any manner collude with such third party, but is ready to bring into court or to pay or dispose of the subject matter of the action in such manner as the court (or any judge thereof) may order or direct, it shall be lawful for the court, or any judge thereof, to make rules and orders calling upon such third party to appear and to state the nature and particulars of his claim, and maintain or relinquish his claim ; and upon such rule or order to hear the allegations as well of such third party as of the plaintiff, and in the meantime to stay the proceedings in such action, and finally to order such third party to make himself defendant in the same or some other action, or to proceed to trial on one or more feigned issue or issues, and also to direct which of the parties shall be plaintiff or defendant on such trial; or, with the consent of the plaintiff and such third party, their

counsel

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

13

counsel or attornies to dispose of the merits of their claims, and determine the jACTSof 1841.

same in a summary manner, and to make such other rules and orders therein ----

as to cost and all other matters as may appear to be just and reasonable.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the judgment in any such action or issue as may be directed by the court or judge, and the decision of the court or judge in a summary manner, shall be final and conclusive against the parties and all persons claiming by, from, or under them.

I

III. And it is hereby enacted, that if such third party shall not appear upon such rule or order to maintain or relinquish his claim, being duly served therewith, or shall neglect or refuse to comply with any rule or order to be made after appearance, it shall be lawful for the court or judge to declare such third party, and all persons claiming by, from, or under him to be for ever barred from prosecuting his claim against the original defendant, his executors or administrators ; saving, nevertheless, the right or claim of such third party against the plaintiff; and thereupon to make such order between such defendant and the plaintiff, as to costs or other matters, as may appear just and reasonable.

IV. And it is hereby provided, that every order to be made in pursuance of this Act by a single judge, not sitting in open court, shall be liable to be rescinded or altered by the court in like manner as other orders made by a single judge.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that if, upon application to a judge, in the first instance or in any later stage of the proceedings, he shall think the matter more fit for the decision of the court, it shall be lawful for him to refer the matter to the court, and thereupon the court shall and may hear and dispose of the same in the same manner as if the proceeding had generally commenced by the rule of court instead of the order of a judge.

VI. And whereas difficulties sometimes arise in the execution of process against goods and chattels issued by or under the authority of the said courts, by reason of claims made to such goods and chattels by assignees of bankrupts and other persons, not being the parties against whom such process has issued, whereby sheriffs and other officers are exposed to the hazard and expense of actions; and it is reasonable to afford relief and protection in such cases to such sheriffs and other officers, it is therefore hereby further enacted, that when any such claim shall be made to any goods or chattels taken or intended to be taken in the execution under any such process, or to the proceeds or value thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the court from which such process issued, upon application of such sheriff or other officers, made before or after the return of such process, and as well before as after any action brought against such sheriff or other officer, to call before them, by rule of court, as well the party issuing such process as the party making such claim, and thereupon to exercise for the adjustment of such claims and the relief and protection of the sheriff or other officer, all or any of the powers and authorities hereinbefore contained, and make such rules and decisions as shall appear to be just, according to the circumstances of the case, and the costs of all such proceedings shall be in the discretion of the court.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that all rules, orders, matters, and decisions to be made and done in pursuance of this Act, except only the affidavits to be filed, may, together with declaration in the cause, if any, be entered of record with a note in the margin, expressing the true date of such entry, to the end that the same may be evidence in future times if required, and to secure and enforce the payment of costs directed by any such rule or order, and every such rule or order so entered shall have the force and effect of a judgment, except only as to becoming a charge on any lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and in case any costs shall not be paid within 15 days after notice of the taxation and the amount thereof given to the party ordered to pay the same, his agent or attorney, execution may issue for the same by fieri facias, or capias ad satisfaciendum, adapted to the case, together with the costs of such entry, and of the execution if by facias, and such writ or writs may bear teste on the day of issuing the same, whether in term or vacation, and the sheriff or other officer executing any such writ shall be entitled to the same fees, and no more, as upon any similar writ grounded upon a judgment of the court.

344. b 3

ACTS of 1841.

Preamble.

14

ACTS OF THE

ACT No. IX. of 1841.

Passed by the Right honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 28th of June 1841.

An Act concerning the Adjudication of certain Penalties imposed by Act XXV. of 1840, for the better Protection of the Abkaree Revenue within the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal.

I. It is hereby enacted, in modification of Section XIV. Act XXV. of 1840, that offenders punishable under the said section of the said Act, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding 200 rupees, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, and in case of non-payment of the fine, to imprisonment not exceeding the same term ; and the sentence shall in every case be adjudged by a superintendent of abkaree revenue, indicated in Section II. of the said Act.

ACT No. X. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 5th July 1841.

An Act for prescribing the Rules to be observed, in order that ships or vessels belonging to ports within the territories, under the Government of the East India Company, or belonging to Native Princes or States, or their subjects, may become entitled to the privileges of British ships under a proclamation of the Governor-General of India in Council, made in pursuance of the statute 3 & 4 Vict., c. 56.

I. Whereas, by a statute passed in the 3d and 4th years of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, entitled “ An Act to regulate the trade of ships built and trading . within the limits of the East India Company’s Charter,” it is enacted “ that it shall be lawful for the Governor-General of India in Council, by proclamation, to declare that all ships or vessels built or to be built within the limits of the charter of the East India Company, being owned by Her Majesty’s subjects for whom the said Governor-General in Council has power to legislate, and belonging, under the regulations hereinafter provided for, to any ports in the territories under the government of the said Company, shall be deemed to be British ships for all the purposes of trade within the said limits, including the Cape of Good Hope, and the territories and dependencies thereof: provided that upon such declaration being made, the said Governor-General in Council shall, and the said Governor-General in Council is hereby accordingly empowered to make regulations, to be enforced by suitable penalties, concerning the registering, licensing, and ascertaining the admeasurement of the tonnage and burden, and generally for the trading within the limits aforesaid of such ships or vessels.” And whereas it is further enacted in the same statute as follows, that is to say, “ And whereas it may be expedient to admit to similar privileges and advantages, any ships or vessels belonging to native princes or states in subordinate alliance with, or having subsidiary treaties with the East India Company, or owned by subjects of any such princes or states, be it therefore enacted, that the Governor-General of India in Council may by such regulations as aforesaid, such regulations being subject as aforesaid, admit to the privileges and advantages of British ships, for the purposes of trade within the limits of the charter of the said Company, in* eluding the Cape of Good Hope, and the territories and dependencies thereof, or to any of such privileges and advantages, any ships or vessels belonging to such princes or states, or any of them, or owned by subjects of any such princes or states ; but any such regulations shall provide for the granting to such ships or vessels fit and convenient licences or passes, and generally for the trading within the limits aforesaid of such ships or vessels ” And whereas, in pursuance of such enactments, it is expedient to frame such regulations as are mentioned therein, the compliance with which shall be required in order that ships or vessels mav In: deemed British ships, or be admitted to the privileges and advantages of British ships umlr such proclamation as aforesaid;

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

15

It is hereby enacted, that no ship or vessel shall be deemed a British ship under such proclamation as aforesaid (except as regards ships or vessels registered before the passing of this Act, or having a pass at the time of passing thereof), unless the person or persons claiming property therein shall have caused the same to have been registered at some one of the ports hereinafter mentioned, within the territories of the East India Company, and shall have obtained a certificate of such registry from the person or persons authorized to make such registry and grant such certificate as hereinafter directed ; the form of which certificate shall be as follows:

“ This is to certify, that in pursuance of the Act No. X of 1841, of the Governor-General of India in Council, (here insert the names and occupation and residence of subscribing owners) having made and subscribed the declaration required by the said Act, and having declared that (he or they), together with (names, occupations, and residence of non-subscribing owners), (is or are) sole owner or owners, in the proportions specified on the back hereof, of the ship or vessel called the (ship’s name) of (place at which the vessel shall be registered), which is of the burthen of (number of tons), and whereof (master’s name) is master, and that the said ship or vessel was (when and where built), and (name and employment of surveying officer) having certified to us that the said ship or vessel has (number) decks and (number) masts, that her (here insert the measurement as ascertained by the rules hereinafter mentioned), that she is (how rigged) rigged with a (standing or running) bowsprit, is (description of stern) sterned, (carvel or clincher) built, has (whether any or no) gallery, and (kind of head, if any) head: and the said subscribing owners having consented and agreed to the above description, the said ship or vessel called the (name) has been duly registered at the port of (name of port), certified under our hands at the Custom House, in the said port of (name of port), this (date) day of (name of month) in the year (words at length).

(signed)----

Collector or Registrar of Shipping.

. And on the back of such certificate of registry, there shall be an account of the parts or shares held by each of the owners mentioned and described in such certificate, in the form and manner following:

Names of several Owners within Number of Shares held by each

mentioned. Owner.

Name - - - - 32

Name - - - - 16

Name (signed) 8 &C. Collector.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the ports at which registration shall be made, shall be the ports of Calcutta, Madras, Bombay, Singapore, and such other places subordinate to the local governments of India, as such governments respectively may, from time to time, declare to be registering ports under this Act: Provided, that ships or vessels built at any place other than any of such ports, shall be allowed to make their first voyage to any of such ports, being the ports at which it is intended they shall be registered under a certificate to be granted by the principal British officer at the place where the ship is built, or if there be no British officer in authority there, then by three merchants of such place, which certificate shall contain all the particulars with regard to the ownership and description of the ships or vessels contained in a certificate of registry, and shall specify the ports at which it is intended that they shall respectively be registered, and which certificate shall have all the effect of a certificate of registry under this Act, during the first voyage from the place of building to the ports at which the ships or vessels respectively shall be afterwards registered: Provided that such ships or vessels so proceeding on their first voyage as aforesaid, shall be deemed British ships only whilst duly prosecuting such first voyage for the purpose of registry, and if they be not registered witliip a reasonable time after 344- n 4 their

ACTS of 1841.

Ships to be registered.

Certificate of registry.

Ports of registry.

16

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of j 841.

Registrars.

Book of registry.

Declaration.

Measurement to be made.

their arrival at the port of registry, the owner or owners, or master or other jerson having or taking the command or charge of such ship or vessel, shall be iable, on information in any Court of Her Majesty or the East India Company >y the advocates-general of the respective presidencies, to a penalty not exceeding 5,000 rupees.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the persons authorized to make such registry, and to grant such certificates as aforesaid, shall be the persons now authorized to make registry of ships or vessels under the statute 3 & 4 W. 4, c. 55, and such other or different persons as the local governments may from time to time appoint for the ports under their respective presidencies.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that at every port where registry shall be made in pursuance of this Act, a book shall be kept by the registering officer in which all the particulars contained in the form of the certificate of the registry hereinbefore directed to be used shall be duly entered; and every registry shall be numbered in progression, beginning such progressive numeration at the commencement of each and every year; and such registering officer shall forthwith, or within one month at the furthest, send to the government of the presidency to which he is subordinate a true and exact cop)', together with the number of every certificate which shall be by him so granted.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that no registry shall henceforth be made or certificate be granted, until the following declaration be made or subscribed before the registering officer, by the owner or major part of the owners of the ship or vessel required to be registered.

I, A. B.of (place of residence and occupation) do truly declare that the ship

or vessel (name) of (port or place) whereof (master’s name) is at present master being (kind of build, burthen, &c. as described in the certificate of the surveyin g officer) was (when and where) built, and that I the said (A. B.) and the other owners (names and occupations, if any, and where they respectively reside) am (or are) sole owner (or owners) of the said vessel, and that no other person or persons whatever hath or have any right, title, interest, share, or property therein or thereto ; and that I the said (A. B.) and the said other owners (if any) am (or are) truly and bond fide a subject (or subjects) of Her Majesty for whom the Governor-General of India in Council has power to legislate, and that no person not being subject as aforesaid, directly or indirectly, hath any share or part interest in the said ship or vessel. Provided that if the registering officer shall see occasion to doubt the truth of any of the facts contained in the above declaration, he shall not deem such declaration to be conclusive, but may refuse the registry or certificate, and his discretion exercised in this behalf shall be subject only to an appeal to the local government to which he is subordinate.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that in case the required number of joint owners of any ship or vessel shall not personally attend to make and subscribe the declaration hereinbefore directed to be made and subscribed, then and in such case such owner or owners as shall personally attend and make and subscribe the declarations aforesaid, shall further declare that the part owner or part owners of such ship or vessel then absent, is or are not resident within twenty miles of such port or place, and hath or have not, to the best of his or their knowledge or belief, wilfully absented himself or themselves in order to avoid the making the declaration hereinbefore directed to be made and subscribed, or is or are prevented by illness from attending to make and subscribe the said declaration.

VII. And in order to enable the registering officer to grant a certificate truly and accurately describing every ship or vessel toe e registered in pursuance of this Act, and also to enable all other officers of customs on due examination, to discover whether any such ship or vessel is the same with that for which a certificate is alleged to have been granted, it is hereby enacted, that previous to the registering or granting of any certificate of registry as aforesaid, some one or more person or persons appointed by the local governments respectively, taking to his or their assistance, if he or they shall judge it necessary, one or more person or persons skilled in the building and admeasurement of ships, shall go on board of every such ship or vessel that is to be registered, and shall strictly and accurately examine and admeasure every such ship or vessel as to all and every particular contained in the form of the certificate hereinbefore directed in the presence of

the

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

17

the master, or of any other person who shall be appointed for that purpose on ACTS of 1841.

the part of the owner or owners, or in his or their absence by the said master, ----

and shall deliver a true and just account in writing of all such particulars of the built, description, and admeasurement of every such ship or vessel as are specified in the form of the certificate above recited to the officer authorized to make such registry and grant such certificate of registry as aforesaid ; and the said master or other person attending on the part of the owner or owners is hereby required to sign his name also to the certificate of such surveying or examining officer, in testimony of the truth thereof, provided such master or other person shall consent and agree to the several particulars set forth and described therein.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that from and after the commencement of ^u,es of measure-this Act the tonnage of every ship or vessel required by law to be registered ment

shall, previous to her being registered, be measured and ascertained while her hold is clear, and according to the following rule; (that is to say), divide the length of the upper deck between the afterpart of the stem and the forepart of the stern post into six equal parts. Depths: at the foremost, the middle, and the aftermost of those points of division, measure in feet and decimal parts of a foot the depths from the underside of the upper deck to the ceiling at the limber strake. In the case of a break in the upper deck, the depths are to be measured from a line stretched in a continuation of the deck. Breadths: divide each of those three depths into five equal parts and measure the inside breadths at the following points, videlicet, at one-fifth and at four-fifths from the upper deck of the foremost and aftermost depths, and at two-fifths and four-fifths from the upper deck of the midship depth. Length : at half the midship depth measure the length of the vessel from the afterpart of the stem to the forepart of the stempost, then to twice the midship depth add the foremost and the aftermost depths for the sum of the depths; add together the upper and lower breadths at the foremost division, three times the upper breadth and the lower breadth at the midship division, and the upper and twice the lower breadth at the after division, for the sum of the breadths; then multiply the sum of the depths by the sum of the breadths, and this product by the length, and divide the final product by 3,500, which will give the number of tons for register. If the vessel have a poop or half deck, or a break in the upper deck, measure the inside mean length, breadth and height of such part thereof as may be included within the bulk head ; multiply these three measurements together, and dividing the product by 92.4 the quotient will be the number of tons to be added to the result as above found.

In order to ascertain the tonnage of open vessels, the depths are to be measured from the upper edge of the upper strake.

IX. And it is hereby provided, that in each of the several rules hereinbefore Meaaurement of prescribed, when applied for the purpose of ascertaining the'tonnage of any ship 8team‘ve:,S€l8' or vessel propelled by steam, the tonnage due to the cubical contents of the

engine room shall be deducted from the total tonnage of the vessel as determined by either of the rules aforesaid, and the remainder shall be deemed the true register tonnage of the said ship or vessel. The tonnage due to the cubical contents of the engine room shall be determined in the following manner; (that is to say), measure the inside length of the engine room in feet and decimal parts of a foot from the foremost to the aftermost bulk-head, then multiply the said length by the depth of the ship or vessel at the midship division as aforesaid, and the product by the inside breadth at the same division at [two-fifths of the depth from the deck taken as aforesaid, and divide the last product by 92.4, and the quotient shall be deemed the tonnage due to the cubical contents of the engine room.

X. And it is hereby provided, that the tonnage due to the cubical contents Alterations in of the engine room and also the length of the engine room shall be set forth in steam-vessels the certificate of registry as part of the description of the ship or vessel, and r9umng new re‘ that any alteration of such tonnage due to the cubical contents of the engine °8 room, or of such length of the engine room, after registry, shall be deemed to be an alteration requiring registry de novo within the meaning of the said Act for the registering of ships or vessels.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that for the purpose of ascertaining the tonnage Measurement of of all such ships, whether belonging to the United Kingdom or otherwise, as ,aden vessel3-there shall be occasion £0 measure while their cargoes are on board, the following 344- C rule

18

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

Registered tonnage to be marked.

Country craft not exceeding 200 tons.

Registered tonnage to be repeated in every subsequent register.

Fraudulent use of certificate.

Change of master.

rule shall be observed and is hereby established ; (that is to say), measure, first, the length of the upper deck between the afterpart of the stem and the forepart of the stern-post; secondly, the inside breadth on the underside of the upper deck at the middle point of the length; and, thirdly, the depth from the under side of the upper deck down the pump-well to the skin; multiply these three dimensions together, and divide the product by 130, and the quotient will be the amount of the register tonnage of such ships.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that the true amount of the register tonnage of every merchant ship or vessel belong to the United Kingdom, to be ascertained according to the rule by this Act established in respect of such ships, shall be deeply carved or cut in figures of at least three inches in length on the main beam of every such ship or vessel, prior to her being registered.

XIII. And it is hereby provided, that country craft employed in coasting voyages not exceeding the burden of 200 tons, may be registered and the tonnage marked according to rules to be prescribed from time to time by the respective local governments.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever the tonnage of any ship or vessel shall have been ascertained according to the rules herein prescribed, such account of tonnage shall ever after be deemed the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and shall be repeated in every subsequent registry of such ship or vessel, unless it shall happen that any alteration has been made in the form or burthen of such ship or vessel, or it shall be discovered that the tonnage of such ship or vessel had been erroneously taken and computed.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that if such certificate as aforesaid shall be sold, lent, or otherwise disposed of to any person or persons whatever than those for whose use it is granted, or shall be made use of for the service of any other ship or vessel than the ship or vessel for which it is granted, such certificate shall thenceforth be utterly void, and the master or any owner of the ship or vessel who shall be proved to have sold, lent, or disposed of 6uch certificate or made use of the same as aforesaid, or shall have concurred in or been privy to the committing any such offence, shall be liable upon conviction by information as aforesaid to a penalty not exceeding 10,000 rupees; and in case such ship or vessel shall be lost or taken by the enemy, burnt, or broken up, or otherwise prevented from returning to the port at which she is registered, or shall on any account have lost and forfeited the privileges of a British ship, or shall have been seized and legally condemned for illicit trading, or shall have been taken in execution for debt and sold by due process of law, or shall have been sold to the Crown or the East India Company, or shall under any circumstances have been registered de novo, the certificate, if preserved, shall be delivered up, within one month after the arrival of the master in any port or place in the territories of the East India Company to the registering officer at such port, in default whereof the master or any of the owners shall be liable on conviction by information as aforesaid in a penalty not exceeding 5,000 rupees; and if any person not being such subject as aforesaid shall purchase or otherwise become entitled to the whole or to any part or share of or any interest in such ship or vessel, and the same shall be within the limits of any port of the territories of the East India Company, then and in such case the certificate of registry shall within seven days after such purchase or transfer of property in such ship or vessel, be delivered up to the registering officer at such port, and if such ship or vessel shall be in any place not within the territories of the East India Company when such purchase or transfer of property shall take place, then the certificate shall be delivered up within 14 days after the arrival of such ship or vessel, or of the master thereof, in any port of the territories of the East India Company to the registering officer at such port, in default whereof the master or any of the owners shall be liable, on conviction before any justice of the peace, in a penalty not exceeding 5,000 rupees, recoverable in manner provided by Act No. II. of 1839.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that when and so often as the master of any ship or vessel registered in manner hereinbefore directed shall be changed, the master or owner of such ship or vessel shall deliver to the person or persons hereinbefore authorized to make such registry and grant such certificates of registry at the port where such change shall take place, if it be a port within the territories of the East India Company, the certificate 6f registry belonging to

such

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

19

such ship or vessel, who shall thereupon indorse and subscribe a memorandum of such change, and shall forthwith give notice of the same to the proper officer of the port or place where such ship or vessel was last registered pursuant to this Act, who shall likewise make a memorandum of the same in the book of registers which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and shall forthwith give notice thereof in like manner as of the original entry; but if the change do not take place in any port within the territories of the East India Company, then such delivery, memorandum, and indorsement shall be made, and notice given at the first port within the territories of the East India Company at which the new master shall arrive after such change; in default of which delivery of the certificate, such new master or any of the owners shall be liable, on conviction before a justice of the peace, to a penalty not exceeding 5,000 rupees, recoverable as aforesaid.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any owner or owners of any ship or vessel to give any name to such ship or vessel other than that by which she was first registered in pursuance of this Act, and that the owner or owners of all and every ship or vessel which shall be so registered shall, before such ship or vessel, after such registry, shall begin to take in any cargo, paint or cause to be painted, in white or yellow letters of a length of not less than four inches, upon a black ground on some conspicuous part of the stern, the name by which such ship or vessel shall have been registered pursuant to this Act, and the port to which she belongs, in a distinct and legible manner, and shall so keep and preserve the same, and that if such owner or owners, or master or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall permit such ship or vessel to begin to take in cargo before the name of such ship or vessel has been so painted as aforesaid, or shall wilfully alter, erase, obliterate, or in anywise hide or conceal, or cause or procure or permit the same to be done, or shall in any written or printed paper or other document describe such ship or vessel by any name other than that by which she was first registered pursuant to this Act, or shall verbally describe, or cause or procure or permit such ship or vessel to be described by any other name to any officer or officers of revenue in the due execution of his or their duty, then and in every such case the certificate of registry shall thenceforth become utterly void; and such owner or owners, or master or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel shall be liable, on information as aforesaid, to a penalty not exceeding 10,000 rupees.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that all and every person and persons who shall apply for a certificate of the registry of any ship or vessel shall, and they are hereby required, to produce to the person or persons authorized to grant such certificate, a true and full particular under the hand of the builder of such ship or vessel; or in case the want of such certificate can be satisfactorily accounted for, then to produce other sufficient evidence of the proper denomination, and of the time when and the place where such ship or vessel was built, and also an exact account of the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and shall also make and subscribe a declaration before the person or persons hereinbefore authorized to grant such certificate, that the ship or vessel for which such certificate is required is the same with that which is so described by the builder as aforesaid.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, that if the certificate of registry of any ship or vessel shall be lost or mislaid, so that the same cannot be found or obtained for the use of such ship or vessel when needful, and proof thereof shall be made to the satisfaction of the registering officer of the port at which the ship is registered, such officer shall and may, where the certificate shall have been lost or mislaid, permit such ship or vessel to be registered de novo, and a certificate thereof to be granted: Provided always, that if such ship or vessel be absent and far distant from the port to which she belongs, or by reason of the absence of the owner or owners, or of any other impediment, registry of the same cannot then be made in sufficient time, such registering officer shall and may grant a license for the present use of such ship or vessel, which license shall for the time and to the extent specified therein, and no longer, be of the same force and virtue asa certificate of registry granted under this Act. Provided always, that if the certificate of registry shall at any time afterwards be found, the same shall

344* c 2 be

ACTS of 1841.

Name of ship.

Certificate of building.

Certificate lost or mislaid.

20

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

Detention of certificate.

Registration de

ttOT 0,

Testimony of regis* ter.ng officers.

be forthwith delivered to the proper officers of customs to be cancelled, and that no illegal use be made of the same, in default whereof the original certificate and the renewed certificate and license shall thenceforth become utterly void; and any person wilfully detaining the certificate so required to be cancelled, or making any illegal use thereof, shall be liable, on conviction before any justice, in a penalty not exceeding 5,000 rupees, recoverable as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas it is not proper that any person, under any pretence whatever, should detain the certificate of registry of any ship or vessel, or hold the same for any purpose other than the lawful use and navigation of the ship or vessel for which it was granted; it is therefore hereby enacted, that in case any person who shall have received or obtained, by any means or for any purpose whatever, the certificate of the registry of any such ship or vessel (whether such person shall claim to be the master or to be the owner or one of the owners of such ship or vessel or not), shall wilfully detain and refuse to deliver up the same to the proper officers of customs, for the purposes of such ship or vessel, as occasion shall require, or to the person or persons having the actual command, possession, and management of such ship or vessel as the ostensible and reputed master, or as the ostensible and reputed owner or owners thereof, it may and shall be lawful to and for any such last-mentioned person to make complaint on oath of such detainer and refusal to any justice of the peace residing near to the place where such detainer and refusal shall be; and on such complaint the said justice shall, and iB hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal to cause the person so complained against to be brought before him to be examined touching such detainer and refusal; and if it shall appear to the said justice, on examination of such person or otherwise, the said certificate of registry is not lost or mislaid, but is wilfully detained by the said person, such person shall be subject, on conviction before such justice, to a penalty not exceeding 1,000 rupees, recoverable as aforesaid; and the said justice shall, and he is hereby required to certify the aforesaid detainer, refusal, and conviction to the person or persons who granted such certificate of registry for such ship or vessel, who shall, on the terms and conditions of law being complied with, make registry of such ship or vessel de novo, and grant a certificate thereof conformably to law, notifying on the back of such certificate the ground upon which the ship or vessel was so registered de novo ; and if the person who shall have detained and refused to deliver up such certificate of registry as aforesaid, or shall be verily believed to have detained the same, shall have absconded so that the said warrant of the justice cannot be executed upon him, and proof thereof shall be made to the satisfaction of the registering officer of the port at which the ship or vessel was registered, it shall be lawful for the said officer to permit such ship or vessel to be registered de novo, or otherwise, in his discretion, to grant a license for the present use of such ship or vessel in like manner as is hereinbefore provided in the case wherein the certificate of registry is lost or mislaid.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, that if any ship or vessel after she shall have beeu registered pursuant to the directions of this Act, shall in any manner whatever be altered so as not to correspond with all the particulars contained in the certificate of her registry, or if any alteration shall take place in the ownership of any ship or vessel, or of any share or shares thereof, in such cases such ship or vessel shall be registered de novo in manner hereinbefore required, as soon as she returns to the port to which she belongs, or to any other port within the territories of the East India Company, on failure whereof such ship or vessel shall be deemed to be a ship or vessel not duly registered, and any person making use of a certificate for the purposes of any ship or vessel which has been granted in respect of the same, after the same ought to have been registered de novo, shall be liable on conviction before any justice to a penalty not exceeding 5,000 rupees, recoverable as aforesaid.

XXII. And whereas great inconvenience may arise from the registering officers being served with subpoenas requiring them to bring with them and produce, on trials in Courts of Law relative to the ownership of vessels, or otherwise, the declarations required to be taken by the owners thereof prior to the registering thereof, and the books of registry, or copies or extracts therefrom : And whereas it wottld tend much to the dispatch of business if the attendance of such registering officers with the same upon such trials were dispensed with, it is there-

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

21

fore hereby enacted, that the registering officer at any port or place, and the person or persons acting for them respectively, shall, upon every reasonable request by any person or persons whomsoever, produce and exhibit for his, her, or their inspection and examination any declaration made by any such owner or owners, and also any register or. entry in any book or books of registry required, and shall upon every reasonable request by any person or persons whomsoever, permit him, her, or them to take a copy or copies, or an extract or extracts thereof respectively, and that the copy or copies of any such oath or declaration, registry or entry, shall upon being proved to be true copy or copies thereof respectively, be allowed and received as evidence upon every trial at law, Nvith-out the production of the original or originals, and without the testimony or attendance of any registering officer, or other person or persons acting for them respectively, in all cases, as fully and to all intents and purposes as such original or originals if produced by any registering officer, or other person or persons acting for them, could or might legally be admitted or received in evidence.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that if any person or persons shall falsely make declaration to any of the matters hereinbefore required to be verified by declaration, or if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any certificate or other instrument in writing required or directed to be obtained, granted, or produced by this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any certificate or other instrument so counterfeited, erased, altered, falsified, or shall wilfully grant such certificate or other instrument in writing, knowing it to be false, such person or persons shall for every such offence be liable on conviction upon information as aforesaid to a penalty not exceeding 10,000 rupees. And if any such offence be committed by the owner of any ship or vessel, the certificate of such ship or vessel shall thenceforth be wholly void.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that when any ship or vessel duly registered under this Act, or sailing under the British Navigation Law, shall come to be owned by a native prince or state, or by any subject of such native prince or state as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Governor of Fort William in Bengal, or for the Governor in Council of any presidency, to continue to such ship or vessel the privileges and advantages of a British ship for the purposes aforesaid by a pass to be issued under the Company’s seal and subscribed by a secretary to government, stating the voyage or voyages for which the same is to have effect, and the period for which it is to last; and it shall be lawful for the Governor of Fort William in Bengal, or the Governor in Council of any presidency, to issue a similar pass conferring the privileges and advantages of a British ship, for the purposes aforesaid under this Act, to any ship or vessel built within the dominions of such native prince or state, and owned by such prince or state, or by any of their subjects, provided always, that the ships belonging to native princes or states, or their subjects, in respect of which passes may be granted under this Act shall, during the voyage or voyages, or the period for which any such pass shall be granted, be commanded by a subject of Her Majesty for whom the Governor-General in Council has power to legislate.

XXV. And it is hereby enacted, that the fees demandable in respect of the granting any certificate or pass under this Act shall be fixed from time to time according to the directions of the Governor-General in Council, but so that the same shall not exceed the amount of fees now payable for registering or granting passes to ships or vessels at the different presidencies.

XXVI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, that all ships or vessels registered under this Act shall be deemed to belong to the ports at which they shall be respectively registered; and all ships or vessels being registered or in respect of which passes may have been granted which are unexpired at the time of passing this Act, shall for the purpose of being deemed British ships be deemed to belong to the ports at which they may have been registered, or when passes shall have been granted which are unexpired, at which such passes may have been respectively granted; and such ships or vessels built and owned as required by the Statute 3 and Vict. c. 56, shall continue subject to all the rules in force at the respective presidencies before the passing of this Act, touching the registering, measurement, granting passes or other requisitions in respect of the same, and shall not be subject to the provisions of this Act, or any provisions of

• 344- c 3 the

ACTS of 1841.

False declaration.

Falsifying documents.

Ships of native States.

Fees.

Ports to which ships belong.

22

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841*

the statute law, a compliance with which may heretofore have been necessary in order that ships or vessels built and owned as aforesaid might be deemed British ships for the purposes of trade.

PROCLAMATION.

The Governor-General of India in Council hereby declares that all ships and vessels built or to be built within the limits of the charter of the East India Company (as those limits are defined by the statute 3d and 4th of Queen Victoria, c. 56, entitled “ An Act further to regulate the trade of ships built and trading within the limits of the East India Company’s Charter,”) being owned by Her Majesty’s subjects for whom the said Governor-General in Council has power to legislate, and belonging under the provisions of the Act passed by the Governor-General in Council No. X. of 1841, to any ports in the territories under the government of the East India Company, shall be deemed to be British ships for all purposes of trade within the said limits, including the Cape of Good Hope and the territories and dependencies thereof.

ACT No. XI. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 5 th of July 1841.

An Act for Consolidating and Amending the Regulations concerning Military Courts of Requests for Native Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company.

I. It is hereby enacted, that all Regulations and parts of Regulations concerning military courts of requests are repealed ; provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be held to alter or affect the jurisdiction of a single officer duly authorized and appointed under the rules in force in the Madras and Bombay presidencies for the trial of small suits in military bazars at cantonments and stations occupied by the troops of those presidencies respectively, or the trial by Punchayet of suits against military persons according to the rules in force under the Madras presidency.

. II. And it is hereby enacted, subject to the aforesaid proviso, that within the territories of the East India Company, actions of debt and other personal actions against native officers, soldiers, and other persons amenable to the articles of war for the native forces in the military service of the East India Company, or residing within any station or cantonment, and carrying on any trade or business in a military bazar, shall be cognizable before a military court and not elsewhere, provided the value in question shall not exceed 200 rupees, and the defendant was a person of the description above-mentioned, when the cause of action arose, and when the suit was instituted: Provided that no suit shall be brought before any military court under this Act to determine any dispute of caste, or concerning any right to real property.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the commanding officer of any station or cantonment, or officer commanding any portion of troops in the field, is authorized to convene such military courts ; and such courts shall be composed, according to the orders of the commander-in-chief for the time being of^he presidency within which the station or cantonment is situate, or, in the absence ofsuch orders, according to the discretion of the convening officer, either of not less than three European commissioned officers, or of not less than three native commissioned officers, and, in the latter case, with an European officer of not less than five years’ standing, to superintend and record the proceedings: Provided, that if there be not a sufficient number of officers to constitute a court at the station or cantonment where any cause of action may arise, or where the defendant may be residing, the suit shall be determined at the nearest station or cantonment where a military court can be duly constituted as aforesaid.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that such military courts shall be convened

monthly

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

23

monthly, and shall be holden on some convenient day before the issue of the pay for each month.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the forms of proceeding in every such court shall be conformable to the usages observed on trials before courts martial held for the native troops in the service of the East India Company as far as the same are applicable; and any such court shall have the like power of summoning witnesses as is possessed by courts martial: Provided always, that every such court shall have the power of examining the parties to any suit, and of requiring or dispensing with their attendance at its discretion ; and every such court shall have the like power of taking the examinations of absent parties and witnesses as is possessed by the civil courts of the East India Company; under Act No. VII. of 1841, provided that the depositions taken under a commission issued by any military court of requests shall be receivable in evidence before any such court subsequently held; provided also, that commissions may be issued by military courts of requests under this Act, pursuant to the provisions of Act No. VII. of 1841, notwithstanding the courts to which the commissions may be directed are not situate beyond the jurisdiction of such military courts.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that witnesses omitting to attend, refusing to give evidence, or committing perjury, and persons suborning witnesses to commit perjury shall be tried and punished, if amenable to articles of war, by a court martial, subject to all the rules contained in such articles of war for the punishment of such offences in regard to trials for military offences; and if not amenable to articles of war, they may be tried and punished in the nearest of the courts of the East India Company for the administration of criminal justice (whether such court have ordinarily jurisdiction over such person in criminal matters or not) in like manner as if such offences had been committed in regard to any trial before such nearest court.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that any person, civil or military, European or native, using menacing words, signs, or gestures, or otherwise interrupting (whether being personally present or not) the proceedings of any military court of requests, shall be punishable, if amenable to articles of war, by a court" martial, or if not amenable to articles of war, in the nearest of the courts of the East India Company for the administration of criminal justice (whether such court have ordinarily jurisdiction over such person in criminal matters or not), in like manner as if the offence had been committed in regard to any proceeding of the court to which it is so referred.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that a record shall be kept of proceedings in every case tried before any military court of requests ; and such record shall contain the substance of the evidence given, and the nature of such evidence as may have been rejected on the ground of its not being legally admissible, or relevant, or on other grounds, and the same shall be signed by the members of the said court; and such record or a copy thereof shall, with as little delay as is practicable, after the conclusion of the proceedings, be transmitted by the European President, or superintending officer of every such court, to the officer commanding the station or cantonment.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that where a demand shall exceed the amount of 200 rupees, or where several separate demands shall exceed such amount, no more shall be recoverable from any one defendant by the same plaintiff or plaintiffs than the sum of 200 rupees only; and the judgment in respect of any demand in a court of requests shall be a bar to the recovery of the same demand, or of any other or further demand for the same cause of action in any other court whatever, provided that the liability accrued before the time of instituting the suit in the military court; and it shall be competent for every such military court to investigate any counter claim alleged by any defendant; and it shall be competent for^very such military court to allow the interest for money agreed on between the parties, provided the same does not exceed the usage of the country in ordinary money transactions; and every contract made after the passing of this Act upon which a demand for debt exceeding 20 rupees is founded, not being money due for goods bought and delivered, shall be in writing and expressed in the language of the defendant

344* c 4 and

ACTS

24

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

and signed by him, or on his behalf by some other person than the plaintiff r provided that it shall not be competent to any court of requests to admit any suit for a debt which has accrued upwards of six years, unless a direct promise to pay made within six years of the commencement of the suit be proved.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that on failure of either of the parties to a suit to attend either personally or by representative, or to produce his witnesses according as he shall be required by any military court of requests, such court, on being satisfied that the party has been duly apprized of what is required of him, may proceed to the termination of the suit in his absence ; and it the decree in any such case shall be against the plaintiff, it shall not be competent for him to commence a new suit for the same cause of action.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the commanding officer, to whom the proceedings have been transmitted as aforesaid, to return the same for revision either by the same or another military court of requests; and in every such case the second decree shall be final, unless for error in points of law, when the same shall be transmitted to the Commander-in-Chief, who shall have power to annul the proceedings without prejudice to any future suit: Provided always, that in the case of any new trial the court may receive evidence which was not adduced at the first trial.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that every plaintiff shall prefer his claim in writing, and shall deliver the same to the station staff officer ; the claims shall be entered in a schedule by the station staff-officer, which schedule is to be sent to adjutants of corps or heads of departments two days at least before the assembly of the court, and the adjutants or heads of departments shall be responsible that the defendants belonging to their respective corps or establishments have been duly summoned.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that every decree of any military court of requests shall be published in the station orders before the same is executed.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that the execution of decrees of military courts of requests may be either general or special, according to the sentence of the court: Provided always, that the commanding officer may, notwithstanding the direction of the court, order that the execution shall be general or spe cial, at his discretion.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that in cases in which the execution is to be general, the debt if not paid forthwith, shall, under the authority of the commanding officer in writing to be signed by him, be levied by seizure and public sale of such of the debtor’s goods (under which term are included houses or other erection within the limits of stations and cantonments) as may be found within the limits of the station or cantonment, or elsewhere; and if sufficient goods are not to be found, the debtor, if not a soldier, shall be arrested and imprisoned in any civil gaol near to the station or cantonment, (for which purpose the provisions of Act No. II of 1840 shall be applicable) or in any other convenient place of confinement situate within the limits of the station or cantonment, for the space of two months, unless the debt be sooner paid ; and his goods, if found within the limits of the station or cantonments, or elsewhere, at any subsequent time, shall be liable to be seized and sold in satisfaction of the debt; and if the debtor be a soldier, and the debt be not liquidated by sale of his effects, accoutrements and necessaries excepted, an order may be issued for payment of the residue by monthly deduction from the pay issued to the debtor, under the rules which follow.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that where the execution is to be special, the debt shall be satisfied out of the pay and allowances of the debtor, and not otherwise ; and a certificate of the decree and direction or order thereon, certified under the hand of the commanding officer and signed by him, shall be a sufficient authority for making such stoppages: Provided always, that no more than one-half of the pay and allowances of any commissioned officer, or than one-fourth of the pay and allowances of any non-commissioned officer or soldier, shall be stopped in any one month.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, that in places beyond the frontier of the territories of the East India Company, actions of debt and other personal

actions

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

25

actions may be brought before such military courts as aforesaid, against persons ACTS of 1841.

so amenable as aforesaid, for any amount of demand: Provided, that such ----

military courts beyond the frontier shall be composed of European officers; and provided, that if the amount of claim shall exceed 200 rupees, an appeal shall lie to the Court of Sudder Adawlut of the nearest presidency, according to the rules in force with regard to appeals from subordinate civil courts.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that this Act shall not affect the proceedings upon any suit heretofore commenced, or which shall be commenced before the 10th day of August next.

ACT No. XII. of 1841.

Passed by the Right honourable the Governor-general of India in Council on

the 19th of July 1841.

An Act for Amending the Bengal Code in regard to Sales of Land for Arrears of Revenue.

I. Whereas it is deemed expedient, with a view to the benefit of the agri- Preamble, cultural community, to regulate the number of periodical sales of estates for arrears of revenue; to discontinue the levy of interest and penalty upon such arrears; to provide for the sale at fixed and known periods of mehals, the whole

of the land revenue due from which may not have been discharged on or by appointed days; and otherwise to amend the laws for the realization of the land revenue; —

It is hereby enacted, that section 2, Regulation XIV. 1793; section 2, Regu- Regulations relation III. 1794, Regulation XI. 1822, except sections 36 and 38, and Regula- 8C,nded* tion VII. 1830, are rescinded, except in so far as they rescind other Regulations or parts of Regulations.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that there shall be no demand of interest or Interest and penalty penalty upon any arrear of land revenue which shall fall due after the date alK)’'s^ed-specified in section XXXV. of this Act.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that upon the promulgation of this Act, the Days fixed for sale. Sudder Board of Revenue at Calcutta shall determine with regard to each permanently settled district or zillah under their jurisdiction, the fixed dates in

each year on which shall be commenced the process for realizing by sale of mehals the arrears of land revenue due thereupon; and the said Board shall give notice of the dates so fixed in the Calcutta Gazette, and shall direct corresponding publication to be made, as far as regards each district, in the language of that district, in the office of the collector or other officer duly authorized to hold sales under this Act, and in the courts of the judge, magistrate, principal sudder ameens, sudder ameens, and sudder moonsiffs; and the days so fixed shall not be changed until the same be changed by the said Board by advertisements and notifications in the manner above described ; such advertisements and notifications to be issued on every occasion after the first above provided for, at least three months before the close of the official year preceding that in which the new date or dates are to take effect; provided always, that another notice shall also be given for a period of not less than 15 clear days previous to each fixed date of sale, by advertisement, to be stuck up in each of the forenamed offices and courts, and the collector shall be bound to furnish, during this interval, to all inquirers full particulars as to what estates are in balance, and the amount due on each.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that in districts not permanently settled, and in Exception in unset-the province of Benares, no sale shall take place for arrears of land revenue or tied province* and other demand of government, without the special sanction of the Sudder Board eoare,‘

of Revenue previously obtained in each several case of sale.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that if the whole or a portion of a kist or instal- Definition of *n ment of any month of the year, according to which the settlement and kist- an-ear. bundee of any mehal have been regulated, be unpaid on the first of the following

344. D month

26

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

All estates in arrear to be sold.

Claims to abatement and set off.

Exceptions.

Payments by nonproprietors.

month of such year, the sum so remaining unpaid shall be considered an arrear of revenue.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that except as hereinafter excepted, all est ites from which, at sunset of the day preceding that fixed for a sale, an arrear of revenue may be due, shall, on the said fixed day, or on the day or days following, as hereinafter provided, be put up to public auction by and in the presence of the collector or other officer authorized by government to exercise the powers of collector in that behalf, and shall be sold to the highest bidder; and no payment or tender of payment made subsequent to sunset of the day preceding that fixed for a sale shall bar or interfere with the sale, either at or after its conclusion.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that no claim to abatement or remission of revenue, unless the same shall have been allowed by the authority of government, nor any private demand or cause of action whatever, held or supposed to be held by any defaulter against government shall bar a sale, or render a sale under this Act void or voidable ; nor shall the plea that money belonging to the defaulter, and sufficient to pay the balance or part of it, was in the collector’s hands, bar a sale or render a sale under this Act void or voidable, unless such money stand in the defaulter’s name alone and without dispute, and unless after application in due time, made by the defaulter, the collector shall have neglected, or refused on insufficient grounds, to transfer it to the credit of the estate.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, that no estate shall be sold for the recovery of arrears or demands of the description mentioned below, otherwise than after a notification in the language of the district, specifying the nature and amount of the arrear or demand, shall have been affixed, fora period of not less than 15 clear days preceding the day of sale, in the office of the collector, or other officer as aforesaid, by whom the sale is intended to be made, in the court of the judge within whose jurisdiction the land advertised lies, in the courts of all the principal sudder ameens, sudder arneens and moonsiffs of the district, and at the police thannah of the division in which the estate to which the notice relates, or part of it is situated, the same to be certified by the receipt of the officer at whose office such publication may have been made; and also at the cutcherry of the malgoozar of the estate, or at some conspicuous place upon the estate, the same to be certified by the peon or other person employed for the purpose : and it shall be declared in the said notification that no payment or tender of payment of the arrear or demand due, which may be made after sunset of the day preceding the fixed day of sale, will bar or interfere with the sale either at or after the transaction.

1st. Arrears due from or to be recovered by the sale of estates not permanently settled.

2d. Arrears, other than those of the current or of the preceding year.

3dly. Arrears due on account of estates other than that to be sold.

4thly. Arrears of estates under attachment by order of the judicial authorities.

5thly. Arrears due on account of tuccavy, poolbundee, or other demands, not being land revenue, but recoverable by the same process as arrears of land revenue.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that collectors shall, at any time before sunset of the day preceding the fixed day of sale, receive as a deposit, from any party not being a proprietor of the estate in arrear, the amount of the arrear of revenue due from it, to be carried to the credit of the said estate at sunset, as aforesaid, unless before that time the arrear shall have been liquidated by a proprietor of the estate; and in case the party so depositing, whose money shall have been credited to the estate in the manner aforesaid, shall be a plaintiff in a suit pending before a court of justice, for the possession of the same or any part thereof, it shall be competent to the judge of the zillah in which such estate is situated, to order the said party to be put into temporary possession of the said estate, subject to the rules in force lor taking security in the cases of appellants and defendants; and if the party depositing, whose money shall have been

credited

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

27

credited as aforesaid, shall prove, before a competent civil court, that the deposit was made in order to protect an interest of the said party, which would have been endangered or damaged by the sale of the estate, he shall be entitled to recover the amount of the deposit, with interest, from the proprietors of the said estate.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that no estate shall be liable to sale for the recovery of arrears which have accrued during the period of its being under the management of the Court of Wards, and no estate, the sole property of a minor or minors, and descended to him or them by the regular course of inheritance duly notified to the collector for the information of the Court of Wards, but of which the Court of Wards has not assumed the management under Regulation VI. 1822, shall be sold for arrears of revenue accruing subsequently to his or their succession to the same, until the minor or minors, or one of them, shall have attained the full age of 18 years; and no estate held under attachment by the revenue authorities, otherwise than by order of a judicial authority, shall be liable to sale for arrears accruing whilst it w-as so held under attachment; and no estate held under attachment by a revenue officer, in pursuance of an order of a judicial authority, shall be liable to sale for the recovery of arrears of revenue accruing during the period of such attachment, until after the end of the year in which such arrears accrued.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to the collector at any time before the sale of an estate shall have commenced, to exempt such estate from sale; and in like manner it shall be competent to the commissioner of revenue at any time before the sale of an estate shall have commenced, to exempt such estate from sale, by a special order to the collector to that effect in each case; and no sale of an estate shall be legal if held after the receipt of an order of exemption in respect to such estate: Provided, however, and it is hereby enacted, that the collector or commissioner shall duly record in a proceeding the reason for granting: such exemption ; and provided also, that an order for exemption so issued by the commissioner shall not affect the legality of a sale which may have taken place before the receipt by the collector of the order for exempting it from sale.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that sales shall ordinarily be made by the collector or other officer duly authorized by government in that behalf in the land revenue cutcherry at the Sudder station of the district; provided, however, that it shall be competent to the Sudder Board to prescribe a place for holding sales, other than 6uch cutcherry, whenever they shall consider it beneficial to the parties concerned.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that in case the collector, or other officer as aforesaid, shall be unable from sickness, from the occurrence of a holiday, or from any other cause, to commence the sale on the day of sale fixed as aforesaid, or if, having commenced it, he be unable from any cause to complete it, he shall be competent to adjourn it to the next day following, not being Sunday, or other close holiday, recording his reasons for such adjournment, forwarding a copy of such record to the commissioner of revenue, and announcing the adjournment by a written proclamation stuck up in his cutcherry ; and so on, from day to day, until he shall be able to commence upon, or to complete the sale, but with the exception of adjournments so made, recorded, and reported, each sale shall invariably be made on the day of sale fixed in the manner aforesaid.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that on the day of sale fixed according to Section III. of this Act, sales shall proceed in regular order; the estate to be sold bearing the lowest number on the towjee, or registers in use in the collector’s office of the district, being put up first, and so on, in regular sequence; and it shall not be lawful for the collector, or other officer as aforesaid, to put up any estate out of its regular order by number.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that the party who shall be declared the purchaser of an estate at any such public sale as aforesaid, shall be required to deposit immediately, or as soon after the conclusion of the sale as the collector may think necessary, either in cash, Bank of Bengal notes, or post bills, or Government securities duly indorsed, 25 per cent, on the amount of his bid, and in default of such deposit, the estate shall forthwith be put up again and sold.

344* n2 XVI. And

ACTS of 1841.

Ward’s estates and minor’s.

Attached by a revenue officer.

Attached by a Court.

Exemption from sale.

Proviso.

Adjournment.

Order of sale.

Deposit on purchase.

ACTS of 1841.

2S

ACTS OF THE

Balance of purchase-money.

Rents stopped after notice for sale.

Appeal.

Government may restore estate.

Sale when to be final.

Certificate of title.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that the full amount of purchase money shall be made good by the purchaser before sunset of the 30th day from that on which the sale of the estate bought by him took place, reckoning that day as one of the thirty: or, if the 30th day be a Sunday, or other close holiday, then on the first office day after the 30th: and in default of payment within the prescribed period as aforesaid, then and afterwards as often a3 such default shall occur, the deposit shall be forfeited to government, the estate shall be re-sold, and the defaulting purchaser shall forfeit all claim to the estate, or to any part of the sum for which it may subsequently be sold, and in the event of the proceeds of the sale, which may be eventually consummated, being less than the price bid by the defaulting bidder aforesaid, the difference shall be leviable from him by any process authorized for realizing an arrear of public revenue, and it shall be so levied and credited to the defaulting proprietor of the estate sold, and if default of payment of purchase money shall have occurred more than once, the defaulting bidders shall be held jointly and severally responsible for such difference to the extent of the amount of their respective bids : Provided always, that every such re-sale shall be made after notification and in the forms prescribed by Section VIII. of this Act.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever an estate shall have been sold as aforesaid, the collector, or other officer as aforesaid, shall affix a proclamation in the language of the district in his cutcherry ; and as soon thereafter as may be in the cutcherries of the moonsiffs, and of the darogahs of police, within whose jurisdiction or jurisdictions any part of such estate may be situated ; and also at the cutcherry of the malgoozar of such estate; or on some conspicuous place on such estate, forbidding the ryots and under-tenants of such estate to pay rent falling due subsequent to the date therein specified, and up to the date of the subsequent notice hereinafter prescribed by Section XXI. or this Act, on pain of not being entitled to credit in their accounts with the purchaser for any sums paid within the period aforesaid.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the commissioner of revenue to receive an appeal against any sale made under this Act, if preferred to him on or before the fifteenth day from the date of sale, reckoning as in Section XVI., or if preferred to the collector for transmission to the commissioner on or before the tenth day from the day of sale, and not otherwise ; and the commissioner shall be competent in every case of appeal so preferred, to annul any sale of an estate made under this Act, which shall appear to him not to have been conducted according to the provisions of this Act, awarding at the same time to the purchaser a payment from the proprietor of any moderate compensation for his loss, if the sale shall have been occasioned by neglect of the proprietor, such compensation not to exceed interest, at the current rate of Government securities, on the amount of deposit or balance of purchase money during the period of its being retained in the collector’s office, and the order of the commissioner shall, in such cases, be final.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to the commissioner of revenue, on the ground of hardship or injustice, to suspend the passing of final orders in any case of appeal from a sale, and to represent the case to the Sudder Board of Revenue, who, if they see cause, may recommend to the local government to annul the sale; and the local government in any such case may annul the sale, and cause the estate to be restored to the proprietor, on such conditions as may appear equitable and proper.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, that all sales of which the purchase-money has been paid up as prescribed in Section XVI. of this Act, and against which no appeal shall have been preferred, shall be final and conclusive at noon of the 30th day from the day of sale, reckoning the said day of sale, as the first of the said 30 days; and sales against which an appeal may have been preferred,and the appeal dismissed by the commissioner, shall be final and conclusive from the date of such dismissal, if more than 30 days from the day of sale, or if less, then at noon of the 30th day as above provided.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, that immediately upon a sale becoming final and conclusive, the collector or other officer as aforesaid, shall give to the purchaser a certificate of title in the following form :

I certify

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

29

I certify that A. B. has purchased at public auction under Act XII. of 1841, ACTS of 1841.

Mehal C., and that his purchase has taken effect on and since the day of ----

(being the date of sale).

(signed) D. E.t Collector.

And the said certificate shall be deemed in any court of justice sufficient evidence of the title to the estate sold being vested in the person or persons named from the date specified : and the collector shall also notify such transfer by written proclamation in his own cutcherry, and in those of the moonsiff and darogah of the jurisdictions within which any part of the estate sold shall be situated, and also at the cutcherry of the malgoozar of the estate, or on some conspicuous place on the estate; and shall apply the purchase-money first to the liquidation of all arrears due upon the day of sale, or upon the day of the original sale, if the sale finally consummated be a re-sale; and secondly, to the liquidation of all outstanding demands debited to the muhal in the public accounts of the district, holding the residue, if any, in deposit on account of the late recorded proprietor or proprietors of the estate sold, to be paid to their receipt on demand in the manner following: to wit, in shares proportioned to their recorded interest in the estate sold, if such distinction of shares were recorded, or if not, then as an aggregate sum to the whole body of proprietors upon their joint receipt: Provided that, if prior to payment of any surplus that may remain of the purchase-money after liquidation of all government arrears and dues to the proprietor of the estate sold, or his representative, the same may be claimed by creditors in satisfaction of debts due by him to them, or by any one creditor, such surplus shall not be payable to any such claimant, nor shall it be withheld from the proprietor by attachment, except under precept, and in satisfaction of decrees of court for such debts; and if the balance of purchase-money have in any such case been paid away in liquidation of the proprietor’s just debts by order of any court, and a decree shall afterwards pass for annulling the sale, the proprietor shall not be restored to possession until the amount so paid away be returned by him with interest.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, that any suit brought to oust the certified Benamee purchase, purchaser as aforesaid, on the ground that the purchase was made on behalf of

another person, not the certified purchaser, though by agreement the name of the certified purchaser was used, shall be dismissed with costs.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the annulment of a sale by a commis- Notice of annul-sioner shall be publicly notified by the collector or other officer as aforesaid in ment.

the same manner as the becoming final and conclusive of sales is required to be notified by Section XXI. of this Act, and the amount of deposit and balance of purchase-money shall be forthwith returned to the purchaser, with interest thereon, at the highest rate of the current public securities, from the dates on which they were respectively paid in, to the date on which the refund is actually made.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that the party certified as the proprietor of Purchaser liable for an estate by purchase at public sale for the recovery of arrears of revenue shall mesne revenue, be answerable for all instalments of the revenue of government which may fall

due subsequently to the day of sale: Provided, however, that in the case of re-sales the purchaser shall be answerable for all instalments of revenue which fell due subsequently to the day of the first sale.

XXV. And it is hereby enacted, that no sale for arrears of revenue or other Grounds and con-demands realizable in the same manner, made after the taking effect of this u'Ug"8;v°[court881 Act, shall be set aside by a court of justice, except upon the ground of its Jracm cour • having been made contrary to the provisions of this Act; and except the contravention thereto shall have been declared and specified in an appeal made to

the commissioner, under Section XVIII. of this Act, and except the action in the civil court be instituted within one year from the date of the sale becoming final and conclusive, as provided in Section XX. of this Act; and no person shall be entitled to contest the legality of a sale after having received any portion of the purchase-money: Provided, however, and it is hereby enacted, that nothing Proviso, in this Act contained shall be construed to debar any person considering himself wronged by any act or circumstance connected with a sale under this Act,

344* d 3 from

30

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

Refund on reversal of sale.

Enhancement of rents in Bengal, &c.

Under-tenures

elsewhere.

from his remedy in a personal action for damages against, the individual by whose act or omission he considers himself to have been wronged.

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted, that in the event of a sale being reversed by a final decree of a court of justice, the purchase-money shall be refunded to the purchaser by government, together with interest at the highest rate of the current public securities.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, that the purchaser of an estate sold under this Act, for the recovery of arrears due on account of the same, in the permanently settled districts of Bengal, Behar, Orissa, and Benares, shall acquire the estate free from all encumbrances which may have been imposed upon it after the time of settlement, and shall be entitled, after notice given under Section X. Regulation V. 1812, to enhance at discretion (anything in the existing Regulations to the contrary notwithstanding) the rents of all under-tenures in the said estate, and to eject all tenants thereof, with the following exceptions:

First. Tenures which were held as istemraree or mocurreree at a fixed rent, more than 12 years before the permanent settlement.

Secondly. Tenures existing at the time of the decennial settlement, which have not been, or may not be, proved to be liable to increase of assessment, on the grounds stated in Section LI. Regulation VIII. of 1793.

Thirdly. Lands held by Khood Kasht or Kudeemee Ryots having rights of occupancy at fixed rents or at rents assessable according to fixed rules under the Regulations in force.

Fourthly. Lands held under bond fide leases at fair rents, temporary or perpetual, for the erection of dwelling-houses or manufactories, or for mines, gardens, tanks, canals, places of worship, burying-grounds, clearing of jungle, or like beneficial purposes, such lands continuing to be used for the purposes specified in the leases.

Fifthly. Farms granted in good faith at fair rents and for specified areas by a former proprietor, for terms not exceeding twenty years, under \yritten leases, registered within a month from their date: Provided that a written notice, specifying full particulars of the position, rent, and area of the lands, the terms of the lease and the names of the parties, shall at the same time be given by the latter to the collector in every case, and the collector shall be at liberty to object to the same in the event of his seeing reason to believe that the security of the public revenue will be materially affected thereby. The exception declared in this clause shall not extend to leaser objected to by the collector, by a notification to be fixed up in his office, with the sanction of the commissioner, within three months of the date of the notice so made to him by the parties. Provided also, that a purchaser of an estate at a sale for arrears of revenue, shall be at liberty by suit in court to set aside all such farms, although the same be underwritten and duly registered leases, and although such notice may have been given as aforesaid, if the same shall not have been granted in good faith at fair rents.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the purchaser of an estate sold under this Act for the recovery of arrears due on account of the same in districts other than those mentioned in Section XXVII. shall acquire the estate free from all encumbrances which may have been imposed upon it after the time of settlement, and shall be competent to avoid and annul all tenures which may have originated with the defaulter or his predecessors, being representatives or assignees of the original engager, as well as all agreements with ryots or the like settled or credited by the first engager or his representatives, subsequently to the last settlement, as well as all tenures which the first engager may, under the conditions of his settlement, have been competent to set aside, alter, or renew, saving always and except bond fide leases of ground for the erection of dwelling-houses, or buildings, or for offices thereunto belonging, or for gardens, tanks, canals, water-courses, or the like purposes, which leases or engagements shall, so long as the land is duly appropriated to such purposes, and the stipulated rent paid, continue in force and effect: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to entitle any purchaser of land at a public sale to demand a higher rate of rent from any persons whose tenure or agreement may be annulled as aforesaid than was demandable by the former malgoo-

zar.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

31

zar, except in cases in which such persons may have held their lands under engagements, stipulating for a lower rate of rent than would have been justly demandable for the land, in consequence of abatements having been granted by the former malgoozars from the old established rates by special favour, or for a consideration, or the like, or in cases in which it may be proved that according to the custom of the pergunnah, Mouzah, or other local division, such persons are liable to be called upon for any new assessment or other demand not interdicted by the regulations of government.

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to the local government when it shall seem proper, at any time before a sale for arrear shall have been actually made, to direct it to be made, subject to the leases, assignments, or other incumbrances, with which a proprietor in possession, his ancestors or predecessors, may have burthened his assessed estate, or to such of them as shall appear proper: in all such cases, notice of the condition imposed by the local government shall be given by the collector at the time of calling up the lot for sale, and such further notification shall be made as the local government may direct: Provided, however, that in case the sale so restricted &hall not realize an amount equal to the arrear due at the time of sale, or there shall appear ground to apprehend, that by reason of the restriction the future realization of the revenue will be endangered, it shall be competent to the local government at any time before such restricted sale shall have become final and conclusive in the manner laid down in Section XX. of this Act, to direct the sale to be cancelled, and a new sale of the estate to be made, without other restrictions than those contained in the exceptions specified in Clauses 1 to 5 of Section

XXVII. of this Act. If after the sale has become final and conclusive, occasion should again arise to bring to sale for arrears an estate purchased with a restriction of the above description, it shall at all times be competent to the local government to direct that the muhal shall be sold without any other restriction than those contained in the exceptions specified in Clauses 1 to 5 of Section XXVII. of this Act, or with the reservation before reserved. In the former event, should the purchase money realized by the unrestricted sale exceed in a large amount the sum obtained at the restricted sale, it shall further be competent to the local government to direct a portion or the whole of the excess to be paid to persons whose interests having been reserved at the first, shall become void at the second sale.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted, that excepting copartners of estates under butwarrah who may have saved their shares from sale under Sections 33 and 34, Regulation XIX. 1814, any recorded or unrecorded proprietor or copartner who may purchase in his own name or in the name of another the estate of which he is proprietor or copartner; or who, by re-purchase or otherwise, may recover possession of the said estate after it has been sold for arrears under this Act; and likewise any purchaser of an estate sold for other arrears or demands than those accruing upon itself, shall by such purchase acquire the estate subject to all its incumbrances existing at the time of sale, and shall not acquire any rights in respect to ryots and under-tenants which were not possessed by the previous proprietor at the time of the sale of the said estate.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, that arrears of rent which at the date of sale may be due to the defaulter from his tenants, shall be recoverable by him after a sale by any process except distraint which might have been used by him for that purpose before the sale was made.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, that any collector or officer exercising the powers of collector, in respect to sales, shall be competent to punish any contempt committed in his presence in open cutcherry or office for the time being, by fine, to an extent not exceeding Co.’s its. 200, commutable, if not paid, to imprisonment in the civil jail for a period not exceeding one month; and the magistrate to whom such an offender may be sent by a collector as aforesaid, shall carry his sentence into effect: Provided that an appeal from any order passed under this Section shall lie to the revenue commissioner, whose decision shall be final.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that a default to make good a bid by making the deposit required by Section XV. of tins Act shall be held to be a contempt.

344. d 4 XXXIV. And

ACTS of 1841.

Local government may reserve all under-tenures.

Purchase by a recorded or unrecorded proprietor or co-partner, &c.

Arrears of rent.

Contempt.

Default.

ACTS of 1841.

32

ACTS OF THE

Operation of Act.

Date of effect.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that the operation of this Act shall be confined to the provinces of Bengal, Behar, Orissa, and Benares, now subject to the General Regulations, and to the ceded and conquered provinces similarly subject to the General Regulations under the government of the presidencies of Fort William in Bengal, and nothing in this Act contained shall affect land in the town of Calcutta, or the settlements of Singapore, Penang, or Malacca.

XXXV. And it is hereby enacted, that this Act shall have effect on and after the 1st day of January 1842.

ACT No. XIII. op 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor*General of India in Council on

the 16th August 1841.

An Act for Explaining the Provisions of Act No. XXV. of 1836.

I. It is hereby declared and enacted, that the import duty on wine and spirits in casks shall be settled on the quantities registered at the time of importation without any deduction whatsoever: Provided always, that the keeper of every warehouse indicated by Act No. XXV. of 1836, shall, in accounting with the Customs’ Department for the article so warehoused, be allowed ullage on such wine and spirits at the rate of 10 per cent, for one year, according to the time for which such wine and spirits shall have been lodged.

ACT No. XIV. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 23d August 1841.

An Act for the better Regulation of Markets in the Islands of Bombay and

Colaba.

I. It is hereby enacted, that whoever shall sell or expose for sale as good meat the flesh of animals that have died, or other noxious and unwholesome provisions of any kind, or shall use any false weights or measures for the purpose of fraud, or shall be guilty of any nuisance affecting the public health in any market within the islands of Bombay and Colaba, shall be liable on conviction before a magistrate of police to a fine not exceeding 200 rupees.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for any magistrate of police from time to time to examine all weights and measures used in any market within the said islands, and all provisions exposed for sale therein, and to cause such weights and measures as he shall find to be false, and such provisions as he shall find to be noxious and unwholesome, to be forthwith destroyed ; and every person obstructing any magistrate of police in the premises, shall be liable on summary conviction before the Petty Sessions to a fine not exceeding 200 rupees, or to imprisonment with or without hard labour for three months.

ACT No. XV. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 23d August 1841.

An Act for exempting Residents within Calcutta from giving Security in Suits in the Mofussil Courts on certain occasions.

I. Whereas great inconvenience has been experienced by residents within Calcutta, by reason of their being obliged to give security in suits in the Mofussil courts, under Regulation IX. of 1819, Section 7 ; and whereas there is no

occasion

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

33

occasion for requiring such security now that by Act No. XXIII. of 1840, pro-perty within Calcutta is liable to be seized under the process of the Mofussil courts; —

* It is hereby enacted, that Section 7, Regulation IX. of 1819, of the Bengal code, is hereby repealed.

ACT No. XVI. of 1841.

Passed by the Right honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 30th of August 1841.

An Act concerning the taking of Oaths of Qualification by Justices of

the Peace.

I. Whereas inconvenience has arisen in consequence of pursuing the course heretofore detuned necessary for taking of oaths by justices of peace, in order that they may be duly qualified to act under commissions of the peace; — It is hereby enacted, that all persons who are or shall be nominated and appointed in any commission of the peace, shall be capable of acting as justices of the peace in every respect, according to the tenor of such commission, upon taking and subscribing, in any civil or criminal court of justice within the places in and for which any such commission shall have issued, before the officer presiding in such court, whether such officer be a justice of the peace or not, the oaths appointed to be taken by justices of the peace; and the subscription of such persons to the said oaths shall be deposited and kept with the records of the courts of justice in which the said oaths shall have been administered.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that every justice of the peace who, before the passing of this Act, shall have had administered to him the oaths of qualification by any other justice of the peace, shall be deemed to have been duly qualified to act as a justice of the peace from the time of taking such oath, and shall continue so qualified notwithstanding such oath may not have been taken in a court of justice, as required by any previous law, or by this Act.

ACT No. XVII. of 1841.

Passed by the Right honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 30th of August 1841.

An Act for amending the Proceedings in Appeals before the Courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut in the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

I. It is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to either of the Courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, within the territories subject to the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, by an order, under the signature of the register of such court, to transfer to such register the duty of preparing appealed causes for trial, and of executing the decrees and orders of the said courts, and to authorize him to issue the necessary process, and to proceed thereupon agreeably to the rules prescribed by the general Regulations of government.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that in proceedings before the said courts it shall not be necessary to take any security for costs; and it shall be competent for the said Courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut to frame such rules of practice for the due exercise of the civil and criminal jurisdiction vested by the Regulations in those courts, as may from time to time be found requisite; and such rules, when so framed, shall be submitted to the Governor-General of India in Council; and after the same shall have been approved by the said Governor-General of India in Council, they shall be of the same force as if they were inserted in this Act.

344- E

ACTS of 1841.

34

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

ACT No. XVIII. of 1841.

Passed, by the Right honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 30th of August 1841.

An Act for consolidating and amending the Enactments concerning the

Exportation of Military Stores.

I. It is hereby enacted, that arms, ammunition, and military stores (with the exception of arms in the possession of individuals for private use) shall not be exported, or otherwise taken from the territories of the East India Company, without a license from a public officer or officers for each presidency, to be indicated by the governments of the respective presidencies, for the purpose of granting such licenses, and a full compliance with all such rules and conditions as may be prescribed for the guidance of such officer or officers in regard to such exports by the aforesaid governments respectively; and any arms, ammunition, or military stores which any person shall export, or attempt to export or take as. aforesaid, contrary to this Act, shall thereby become forfeited, on the award of the officer or officers authorized, as aforesaid, to grant licenses, or the collector of customs; and every person offending in the premises contrary to this Act shall be liable, on conviction before a magistrate, to a penalty not exceeding 600 rupees.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that any person who shall collect or keep in one place, or within places not exceeding three miles in distance from each other, any quantity of gunpowder exceeding 50 lbs., without a license from such officer as aforesaid, shall be liable, on conviction before a magistrate, to a penalty not exceeding 600 rupees; and such gunpowder shall become forfeited on the award of the officer or officers authorized to grant licenses as aforesaid, or the collector of customs.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for any of the governments aforesaid to allow at any port or ports the exportation of arms, ammunition, and military stores as aforesaid, without any such license as aforesaid, as they shall deem expedient.

ACT No. XIX. of 1841.

Passed by the Right honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 6th of September 1841.

Act for the protection of Moveable and Immoveable Property against Wrongful Possession in cases of Successions.

I. Whereas much inconvenience has been experienced where persons have died possessed of moveable and immoveable property, and the same has been taken upon pretended claims of right by gift or succession; the difficulty of ascertaining the precise nature of the moveable property in such cases, the opportunities for misappropriating such property, and also the profits of real property, the delays of a regular suit when vexatiously protracted, and the inability of heirs, when out of possession, to prosecute their rights, affording strong temptations for the employment of force or fraud in order to obtain possession : And whereas, from the above causes, the circumstance of actual possession, when taken upon a succession, does not afford an indication of rightful title equal to that of a decision by a judge after hearing all parties in a summary suit, though such summary suit may not be sufficient to prevent a party removed from possession thereby from instituting a regular suit: And whereas such summary suit, though it will take away many of the temptations which exist for assuming wrongful possession upon a succession, will be too tardy a remedy for obviating them all, especially as regards moveable property: And whereas it may be expedient, prior to the determination of the summary suit, to appoint a curator

to

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

35

to take charge of property upon a succession, where there is reason to apprehend ACTS of 1841.

danger of misappropriation, waste, or neglect, and where such appointment will, ----

in the opinion of the authority making the same, be beneficial under all the circumstances of the case: Ancl whereas it will be very inconvenient to interfere with successions to estates by the appointment of curators, or by summary suits, unless satisfactory grounds for such proceedings shall appear, and unless such proceedings shall be required by or on the behalf of parties giving satisfactory proof that they are likely to be materially prejudiced if left to the ordinary remedy of a regular suit: —

It is hereby enacted, that whenever a person dies leaving property, moveable or immoveable, it shall be lawful for any person claiming a right by succession thereto, or to any portion thereof, to make application to the judge of the court of the district where any part of the property is found or situate, for relief, either after actual possession has been taken by another person, or when forcible means of seizing possession are apprehended.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for any agent, relative, or near friend, or for the Court of Wards, in cases within their cognizance, in the event of any minor, disqualified, or absent person being entitled by succession to such property as aforesaid, to make the like application for relief,

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the judge to whom such application shall be made, shall, in the first place, inquire by the solemn declaration of the complainant, and by witnesses and documents at his discretion, whether there be strong reasons for believing that the party in possession, or taking forcible means for seizing possession, has no lawful title, and that the applicant, or the person on whose behalf he applies, is really entitled and is likely to be materially prejudiced if left to the ordinary remedy of a regular suit, and that the application is made bond fide.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that in case the judge shall be satisfied of the existence of such strong ground of belief, but not otherwise, he shall cite the party complained of, and give notice of vacant or disturbed possession by publication, and after the expiration of a reasonable time shall determine summarily the right to possession (subject to regular suit as hereinafter mentioned), and shall deliver possession accordingly: Provided always, that the judge shall have

• the power to appoint an officer who shall take an inventory of effects, and seal or otherwise secure the same, upon being applied to for the purpose, without delay, whether he shall have concluded the inquiry necessary for citing the party complained of or not.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that in case it shall further appear upon such

application and examination as aforesaid that danger is to be apprehended of the misappropriation or waste of the property before the summary suit can be determined, and that the delay in obtaining security from the party in possession, or the insufficiency thereof, is likely to expose the party out of possession to considerable risk, provided he be the lawful owner; it shall be lawful for the judge to appoint one or more curators with the powers hereinafter next mentioned, whose authority shall continue according to the terms of his or their respective appointments, and in no case beyond the determination of the summary suit and the confirmation or delivery of possession in consequence thereof: Provided

always, that, in the case of land, the judge may delegate to the collector or to his officer the powers of a curator, and also that every appointment of a curator in respect of any property be duly published.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that the judge shall have power to authorize such curator*, either to take possession of the property generally, or until security be given by the party in possession, or until inventories of the property shall have been made, or for any other purpose necessary for securing the property from misappropriation or waste by the party in possession: Provided always, that it shall be entirely discretionary with the judge whether he shall allow the party in possession to continue in such possession on giving security, or not; and any continuance in possession shall be subject to such orders as the judge may issue touching inventories, or the securing of deeds or other effects.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that the judge shall exact from the curator security for the faithful discharge of his trust, and for rendering satisfactory

3-14- e 2 accounts

36

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

accounts of the 9ame as hereinafter mentioned, and may authorize him to receive out of the property such remuneration as shall appear reasonable, but in no case exceeding five per centum on the personal property and on the annual profits of the real property: all surplus monies realized by the curator shall be paid into Court, and invested in public securities for the benefit of the persons entitled thereto upon adjudication of the summary suit: Provided always, that although security shall be required from the curator with all reasonable dispatch, and, where it is practicable, shall be taken generally to answer all cases for which the person may be afterwards appointed curator, yet no delay in the taking of security shall prevent the judge from immediately investing the curator with the powers of his^office.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that where the estate of the deceased person shall consist wholly or in part of land paying revenue to government, in all matters regarding the propriety of citing the party in possession, of appointing a curator, and of nominating individuals to that appointment, the judge shall demand a report from the collector, and the collector is hereby required to furnish the same. In cases of urgency the judge may proceed, in the first instance, without such report, and he shall not be obliged to act in conformity thereto; but, in case of his acting otherwise than according to such report, he shall immediately forward a statement of his reasons to the Court of Sudder Dewanny Adawlut; and the Court of Sudder Dewanny Adawlut, if they shall be dissatisfied with such reasons, shall direct the judge to proceed conformably to the report of the collector.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that the curator shall be subject to all orders of the judge regarding the institution or the defence of suits, and that all suits may be instituted or defended in the name of the curator on behalf of the estate: Provided, that an express authority shall be requisite in the sunnud of the curator’s appointment for the collection of debts or rents; but such express authority shall enable the curator to give a full acquittance for any sums of money received by virtue thereof.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that pending the custody of the property by the curator, it shall be lawful for the judge to make such allowances to parties having a prima facie right thereto as upon a summary investigation of the rights and circumstances of the parties interested, he shall consider that necessity may re- • quire ; taking, at his discretion, security for the repayment thereof with interest, in case the party shall, upon the adjudication of the summary suit, appear not

to be entitled thereto.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that the curator shall file monthly accounts in abstract, and at the period of every three months, if his administration last so long, and upon giving up the possession of the property file a detailed account of his administration to the satisfaction of the judge.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that the accounts of any such curator as is above described shall be open to the inspection of all parties interested; and it shall be competent for any such interested party to appoint a separate person to keep a duplicate account of all receipts and payments by such curator; and if it be found that the accounts of any such curator are in arrear, or if they shall be erroneous or incomplete, or if the curator shall not produce them whenever he shall be ordered to do so by the judge, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding 1,000 rupees for every such default.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that after the judge of any district shall have appointed any curator, such appointment shall preclude the judge of any other district within the same presidency from appointing any other curator, provided the first appointment be in respect of the whole of the property of the deceased; but if the appointment be only in respect of a portion of the property of the deceased, this shall not preclude the appointment within the same presidency of another curator in respect of the residue or any portion thereof: Provided always, that no judge shall appoint a curator or entertain a summary suit in respect of property which is the subject of a summary suit previously instituted under this Act before another judge; and provided further, that if two or more curators be appointed by different judges for several parts of an estate, it shall be lawful for

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

37

the Sudder Dewanny Adawlut to make such order as it shall think fit for the appointment of one curator of the whole property.

XIV. And it is hereby provided, that this Act shall not be put in force unless the aforesaid application to the judge be made within six months of the decease of the proprietor whose property is claimed by right in succession.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that this Act shall not be put in force to contravene any public act of settlement; neither in cases in which the deceased proprietor shall have given legal directions for the possession of his property after his decease in the event of minority or otherwise, in opposition to such directions; but in every such case, so soon as the judge having jurisdiction over the property of a deceased person, shall be satisfied of the existence of such directions, he shall give effect thereto.

XVI. And it is hereby provided, that this Act shall not be put in force for the purpose of disturbing the possession of the Court of Wards of any presidency; and in case a minor, or other disqualified person whose property shall be subject to the Court of Wards, shall be the party on whose behalf application is made under this Act, the judge, if he determines to cite the party in possession, and also appoint a curator, shall invest the Court of Wards w’ith the curatorship of the estate pending the suit, without taking such security as aforesaid; and in case the minor or other disqualified person shall, upon the adjudication of the summary suit, appear to be entitled to the property, possession shall be delivered to the Court of Wards.

XVII. And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall be any impediment to the bringing of a regular suit, either by the party whose application may have been rejected, before or after citing the party in possession, or by the party who may have been evicted from the possession under this Act.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the decision of the judge upon the summary suit under this Act shall have no other effect than that of settling the actual possession; but that for this purpose it shall be final, not subject to any appeal or order for review.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the governments of the respective presidencies to appoint public curators for any district or number of districts; and the judge having jurisdiction shall nominate such public curator or curators in all cases where the choice of a curator is left discretionary with him under preceding provisions of this Act.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever a person dies leaving moveable or immoveable property within the local limits of the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts, and such court shall be satisfied that danger is to be apprehended of the misappropriation and waste of the property before it can be ascertained who may be legally entitled to the succession to such property, it shall be lawful for the said court to authorize and enjoin the ecclesiastical registrar, or one or more curators, to collect such effects, and hold or deposit or invest the same in such manner and place, and upon such security, and subject to such orders and directions as the court may deem expedient.

ACT No. XX. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 6th September 1841.

An Act for facilitating the Collection of Debts on Successions, and for the security of Parties paying Debts to the Representatives of Deceased Persons.

I. Whereas it is expedient to provide greater security for persons paying to the representatives of deceased Hindoos, Mahomedans, and others not usually designated as British subjects, debts which are payable in respect of the estates of such deceased persons, and to facilitate the collection of such debts by removing all doubts as to the legal title to demand and receive the same:

344- e 3 It

ACTS of 184K

38

ACTS OF'THE

ACTS of 1841.

No debt recoverable without a certificate .

Manner of obtaining certificate.

Effect of certifi-cate.

Security taken from grantee of certificate.

Decision of Judge, how far final.

Local extent of power given by certificate.

Government notes and dividends.

Payments under certificate void by reason of previous certificate.

Certificate after previous grant of probate of letters void.

Bond fide payments protected.

It is hereby enacted, that no debtor of any deceased person shall be compelled in any court of law to pay his debt to any person claiming to be entitled to the effects of any deceased person, or any part thereof, except on the production of a certificate, to be obtained in manner hereinafter mentioned, or of a probate or letters of administration, unless the court shall be of opinion that payment of the debt is withheld from fraudulent or vexatious motives, and not from any reasonable doubt as to the party entitled.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the zillah or district court within the jurisdiction of which any part of the property of the deceased may be found, shall have authority to grant a certificate under this Act; the applicant in his petition shall set forth his title; the judge shall issue notice of application, inviting claimants, and fixing a day for hearing the petition, and upon the appointed day, or as soon after as may be convenient, shall determine the right to the certificate, and grant the same accordingly.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the certificate of the district or zillah judge shall be conclusive of the representative title against all debtors to the deceased, and shall afford full indemnity to all debtors paying their debts to the person in whose favour the certificate has been granted.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that the district or zillah judge may take such security as he shall think necessary from any person to whom he shall grant a certificate for rendering an account of debts received by him, and for indemnity of persons who may be entitled to the whole or any part of the monies received by virtue of such certificate, whose right to recover the same by regular suit against the holder of the certificate is not affected by this Act.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the granting of such certificate may be suspended by an appeal to the Court of Sudder Dewanny Adawlut, which court may declare the party to whom the certificate should be granted, or may direct such further proceedings for the investigation of the title as it shall think fit. The court may also upon petition, after a certificate shall have been granted by the district or zillah judge, grant a fresh certificate in supersession of the certificate granted by the district or zillah judge ; and such fresh certificate shall not affect any payments made to the person to whom any former certificate may have been granted without notice that the same has been superseded, but shall entitle the person named therein to receive all monies that may have been recovered under the first certificate from the person to whom the same may have been granted.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that every certificate shall give authority to the person to whom the same is granted throughout the presidency within which the same is granted, and no certificate subsequently granted in respect of the same property shall be valid or effectual, except as hereinafter mentioned.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that a person certified as aforesaid, may be empowered to receive interest on government notes and dividends, or on shares of any bank or parts thereof, and to negotiate such securities; he may be also empowered to receive a share of such interest or dividends or to negotiate a share of such securities: but these powers shall only arise by express words in the certificate.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that where a certificate shall have been granted in cases in which such certificate would be valid but for the previous grant of a certificate, all payments made to the person holding the later certificate in ignorance of the grant of the previous certificate shall be held good against claims under such previous certificate.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, with regard to the property of deceased Hindoos, Mahomedans and other persons not usually designated by the term British subjects, that no certificate in respect of any such property shall be valid, if made after a probate or letters of administration granted in respect of the same, provided assets belonging to the deceased were at the time of his death within the local jurisdiction of the court granting the probate or letters of administration.

X. And it is hereby provided, that where a certificate shall have been granted

' in

GOVERNMENT OP INDIA.

39

ill cases in which such certificate would be valid, but for a probate or letters of ACTS of 18414

administration previously granted, all payments made to the person holding the ---- —

certificate in ignorance of the previous granting of the probate or letters of administration, shall be held good against claims under the probate or letters of administration so previously granted.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that no probate or letters of administration Probate or letters shall be valid for the purpose of the recovery of debts, or for the security of after previous grant debtors, after a certificate granted in respect of the same property for which of certificate, such probate or letters of administration shall have been granted, provided

assets belonging to the deceased were at the time of his death within the jurisdiction of the court granting such certificate.

XII. And it is hereby provided, that where probate or letters of administra- payments

tion may have been granted, in cases in which such probate or letters of Protectet* administration would be valid but for the previous grant of a certificate, all

payments made in ignorance of the previous grant of the certificate shall be held good against claims under such previous certificate.

XIII. And whereas under Act No. XIX. of 1841, curators may be invested Curators prohibited with certain powers which are conferred on persons obtaining certificates under from exercising this Act, and which belong to executors and administrators; it is hereby enacted, certa,n Powerg-that curators appointed under the said Act shall not exercise any powers which,

but for that Act, would lawfully belong to such persons obtaining certificates, executors or administrators, where a certificate, probate or letters of administration has been actually obtained ; but all persons who may have paid debts or rents to a curator authorized by a judge to receive the same, shall be indemnified, and the curator shall be responsible for the payment of the same to the person who has obtained a certificate, the executor, or administrator, as the case may be.

XIV. And it is hereby declared and enacted, that all probates and letters of Effect of probates

administration granted by any of Her Majesty’s courts in cases in which any ?nd etters granted , . . J J ,J , , . . , . - . , to representatives

assets belonging to deceased persons were, at the time 01 their deaths, within the of Hindoos and

local jurisdiction of the court granting the probate or letters of administrations, others.

shall have the effect of probate and letters of administration granted in respect

of the property of British subjects, but for the purpose of the recovery of debts

only, and the security of debtors paying the same, except so far as is in this Act

provided.

XV. And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall be ^property”ftend held to extend to the property of any person usually designated as a British British subjects, subject.

ACT No. XXI. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 6th September 1841.

An Act for the better Prevention of Local Nuisances.

I. It is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for any magistrate, when the public benefit aud comfort are in question, to cause unlawful obstructions and. nuisances to be removed from thoroughfares and public places, and to suppress, or cause to be removed to a different place, trades or occupations injurious to the health or comfort of the community, and to prevent such construction of buildings, and such disposal of combustible substances, as may appear to him likely to occasion conflagration, and to cause the removal of buildings in such state of weakness, as, by the probability of their falling, may appear to him to expose individuals to danger.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that in exercising the authority conferred by the above section, the magistrate shall, after holding such inquiry as may satisfy him of the necessity of proceeding under this Act, issue an injunction, which, if practicable, shall be served personally on the parties concerned; but if such service shall be impracticable or very inconvenient, the injunction shall be notified

344* e 4 by

40

ACTS OF THE

of 1841. by oral proclamation, and a written notice thereof shall be set up at such place ---- or places as may be best adapted for conveying information to the parties concerned ; and in case such injunction be not obeyed, the magistrate may compel observance thereof by force, and punish disobedience by fine not exceeding 200 rupees, or by imprisonment without labour for any period not exceeding one month: and if the magistrate finds it necessary to incur expense in removing noxious or dangerous articles or buildings, it shall be lawful for him to sell the same or their materials by public auction in order to defray the charge, delivering any surplus that may remain to the owner ; and it shall be lawful for the magistrate to compel, under the like penalty, the owners of tanks or wells adjacent to any public thoroughfare to fence the same in such manner as to prevent danger to the public arising therefrom.

III. And it is hereby provided and declared, that it shall be lawful for any person affected by such injunction or written notice as is above described, if he shall object thereto, to claim, by written petition, to be presented to the magistrate within the period of ten days if reasonably practicable, if not, within the shortest reasonable further time from the receipt of such injunction, or the publication of such notice, that a jury or punchayet may be appointed to try and decide the question; and the magistrate shall, on receiving such petition, pass order thereupon for the appointment of a jury or punchayet, which shall consist of not less than five persons, whereof the president, and one-half of the other members shall be nominated by the magistrate from the residents in the vicinity, and the remaining members shall be nominated by the party petitioning; and the magistrate shall suspend the further execution of the injunction or order pending such inquiry, and be guided by the decision of the said jury, which shall be according to the opinion of the majority: Provided, however, that if the petitioner shall by neglect, or in any other way prevent the appointment of such jury or punchayet, or if, from any cause, the jury so appointed shall not decide and report within a reasonable time, to be fixed in the order for their appointment, their functions shall cease from the date of the expiration of such period, unless they be continued by special order of the magistrate; and if, from any of the above causes, no decision be made by a jury or punchayet, the magistrate’s order shall take effect as if not opposed.

IV. And it is hereby provided, that all the proceedings of magistrates under the authority of this Act shall be subject to the like appeal as other orders of magistrates, according to the regulations of the respective presidencies.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that this Act shall not be applicable within the local limits of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

ACT No. XXII. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 11th October 1841.

For amending the Law with respect to Rates for Municipal Purposes within the

Town of Madras.

I. Whereas it is expedient to specify the particular purposes to which rates assessed on houses, buildings, and grounds in Madras shall be applied; and to abolish the practice which has hitherto prevailed of levying five per cent, on the annual value of all houses, buildings, and grounds, without reference to the amount necessary for accomplishing the purposes of the rates; such per centage being inadequate for the purposes to which the rates have hitherto been deemed applicable: And whereas it is expedient to make the per centage leviable by quarterly or other convenient rates on the annual value of property, to depend entirely on the expenditure necessary for accomplishing in an efficient manner the purposes to which the rates shall henceforth be applicable, and providing for all incidental expenses, and casual deficiencies or defaults: And whereas it is expedient to subject the collection and administration of the funds raised for municipal purposes in the various districts of the town to the management of the ratepayers themselves within such districts respectively, whenever they are

desirous

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

41

desirous of undertaking the same, and are willing to enter into proper arrangements for the purpose: And whereas it is expedient to modify the provisions of

the Statute 33 Geo. 3, c. 52, in regard to assessments for the town of Madras, in order for the better collection of the same, reserving all the authority of such statute in matters not inconsistent with this Act:

It is hereby enacted, that the assessments which by the Statute 33 Geo. 3, c. 52, are authorized to be made for the town of Madras, shall be applicable to the following purposes only, viz., lighting and watering the roads and streets, and cleansing and repairing the same, and the drains of the said town.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the assessment and rates made under the authority of the said statute shall be sufficient for accomplishing, in an efficient manner, the purposes mentioned in the last section, for discharging all incidental expenses, and for making up deficiencies and defaults of every kind whatsoever : Provided always, that no rate shall be made exceeding the amount of five per cent, on the assessed value of property without the sanction of the Governor in Council of Fort St. George in Madras.

III. And it is hereby enacted, for the encouragement of the control and supervision of the assessment, and collection of the rates, and the management thereof within particular divisions, being undertaken by the ratepayers themselves, the justices, at their quarter sessions, shall publish quarterly, or as required by the local government, the particulars of all sums laid out, and of all the expenses of collection and deficiencies during the preceding quarter, within three or more divisions of the town, to be indicated by the Governor in Council of Fort St. George in Madras, before this Act shall be allowed to come into operation, or such other divisions as the Governor in Council of Fort St. George in Madras may from time to time direct, so long as the assessment, collection, or management of the rates for such divisions shall remain under the jurisdiction of the justices.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, whenever two-thirds, in number and value, of the ratepayers of any of such respective divisions shall apply to the Governor in Council of Fort St. George in Madras to undertake themselves the assessment, collection, and management of the rates of such division, or any or either of these trusts, it shall be lawful for the Governor of Fort St. George in Madras to authorize the same accordingly, at his discretion: Provided always, that such majority of ratepayers shall present a scheme which shall obtain his full approbation for the safe and efficient execution of the trusts, the transfer of which from the present authorities is sought for: Provided always, that in any such arrangement, the amount to be levied in any particular division shall not be considered as necessarily limited by the amount expended within such division, but shall be adjusted by the Governor in Council of Fort St. George in Madras upon reference to all local circumstances.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that for the better assessment and collection of rates under this Act, it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council of Fort St. George in Madras to appoint such assessor or assessors, collector or collectors, and to make such union of the offices of assessor and collector, and to prescribe such rules and take such securities for the due execution of this Act by the person or persons employed in assessments and collections, and in the management of the rates collected, as he shall deem expedient.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be necessary in any assessment, rate, or warrant of distress, under this Act, to specify the names of the owners or occupiers of houses, buildings, and grounds; but it shall be sufficient if every property rated be identified, and in the case of houses numbered in any street, that the name of the street and number of the house rated be particularly specified.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that the goods and chattels of the owner of any property rated shall be seizable anywhere (except where property is concealed as hereinafter mentioned) for deficiency in the payment of rates; and all property which shall be found upon any premises rated, shall be seizable for any arrears which may be due for a period of one year immediately preceding such seizure; and in the case of the seizure of the property of a tenant under

344. F such

ACTS of 1841.

42

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841. such circumstances, he may deduct the amount of the levy from the next ---- payment of his rent.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that where there is ground to suspect that property liable to distress under this Act is concealed in any zenana, the officer charged with the execution of the warrant shall make a special report to the justice granting the same, who shall thereupon follow, as closely as is practicable, the rules for the seizure of property in like cases adopted by Her Majesty’s Supreme Court of the presidency.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for any one justice of the peace for the town of Madras to issue a warrant of distress for the recovery of the arrears of assessment under this Act, or under the statute 33 George 3, c. 52, and every such warrant shall have the same force and effect as if it were under the hands and seals of two such justices.

ACT No. XXIII. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Govemor-Geueral of India in Council on

the 11th October 1841.

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Rum and Rum Shrub into the Presidency of Fort St. George in Madras.

I. It is hereby enacted, that if any person, after the passing of this Act, lands or attempts to land, or shall introduce by land in any part of the territories subject to the government of the presidency of Fort St. George in Madras, any rum or rum shrub, which is the produce of any foreign country, or of any British possession into which foreign sugar or rum can be legally imported, such rum or rum shrub shall be seized by the collector of the customs, or by any other officer authorized to seize and detain contraband goods, and shall be brought to confiscation according to the rules in force for confiscating such goods, unless the district in which such rum or rum shrub is landed, or in which an attempt has been made to land such rum or rum shrub, be a district in which the Governor in Council has authorized the importation of such rum or rum shrub; and it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council to authorize the importation of such rum and rum shrub into any district of the territories aforesaid by an order in the official gazette.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that if any owner of rum or rum shrub, the produce of the said territories, or the duly authorized agent of such owner, be desirous to obtain a certificate of origin from the collector or assistant collector of the land or customs’ revenue of any district within the said territories, or from any other officer appointed by the Governor in Council to give such certificates, such owner or agent shall, in the presence of the officer from whom he desires to obtain such certificate, make and subscribe a declaration in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A), and to the said declaration shall be appended a certificate to its verity from any government officer who may be attached to the distillery where such rum or rum shrub is declared to have been manufactured, in the form prescribed in the said Schedule (A).

III. And it is hereby enacted, that if the district be one into which the Governor in Council has not, by any order, authorized the importation of foreign sugar or rum, or of sugar or rum the growth or produce of any British possession into which foreign sugar or rum can be legally imported, then the officer before whom such a declaration, as is aforesaid, shall have been made, shall grant, under his hand and seal, to the declarant, a certificate in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (B).

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that every person who intends to ship rum or rum shrub from any place within the said territories for any part of the United Kingdom, shall be entitled to produce to the collector of customs at that place, or to any other officer who may have been appointed by the governments of the respective presidencies to act on that behalf in place of the collector of customs, a certificate, such as is above described, and also, in the presence of the officer

to

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

4)

to whom he has so produced such certificate, to make and subscribe a declaration ACTS of 1841.

in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (C). 11

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the officer to whom such a certificate shall have been so produced, and before whom a declaration in the last-mentioned form shall have been so made and subscribed, shall, unless he see cause to deem such declaration fraudulent and untrue, grant to the person who has made the last-mentioned declaration a certificate in the form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (D).

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that the owner of rum or rum shrub intended for exportation under this Act, or the duly-authorized agent of such owner, shall not be entitled to any of the certificates described in this Act, unless such rum or rum shrub shall be the produce of a distillery worked according to law, in the European method, under license from the Board or other authority vested with the management of the revenue derived from the abkarry or tax on spirits.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that the rum and rum shrub manufactured for exportation to the United Kingdom under this Act, at any licensed distillery, shall be manufactured pure, without admixture of spirits made from rice, grains, or any other substance or substances, not being the produce of the sugar cane, or of the date or palm tree, and shall be so declared and verified at the time of application for a certificate of origin, according to the form of Schedule (A).

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that if any rum or rum shrub that may be brought to any custom-house for exportation under this Act, shall be found to be adulterated or mixed, contrary to the above prohibition, the same, with the casks or materials in which it is contained, shall be seized and confiscated, and the party or parties upon whose declaration certificate of manufacture, free from adulteration or mixture, may have been granted for the admission of such rum or rum shrub, to the privilege of exportation under this Act, as well as the party or parties who may have verified such declaration, shall be proceeded against for the false and fraudulent declaration, as hereinunder prescribed.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that any person who shall, in making any declaration under the authority of this Act, knowingly affirm an untruth, shall, on conviction thereof, before such court as would be competent to try such person for perjury, be punished as in cases of perjury; and every person procuring another person to affirm such untruth, shall be liable to be punished as in cases of subornation of perjury ; and any officer of government subscribing an attestation to the verity of such declaration, knowing the same to be untrue, shall be subject to a like penalty as the false declarant, besides dismissal from the employment of government.

X. And it is hereby provided, that notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, no person intending to manufacture rum or rum shrub within the presidency of Madras, shall establish a distillery for such purpose without making application for a license, in manner directed by Regulation I. of 1820 of the Madras Code; and every person manufacturing rum or rum shrub within the Madras presidency, without having first obtained such license, shall be liable to the penalties provided in that Regulation.

Schedule (A).

I, A. B.t solemnly declare that all the rum or rum shrub hereinunder described is the produce of the licensed distillery named , in the district of ,

and that the said rum or rum shrub is the produce of the sugar cane, date, or palm tree, and wholly free from any admixture of spirits manufactured from rice, grains, or any other substance whatever.

(signed) A. B.

The day of 18 .

344.


ACTS of 1841.

44

ACTS OF THE

* I, B. B., government officer in charge, on the part of government, of the distillery, do hereby certify that the above is a true and correct declaration.

B. B.

Government Officer attached to the

Distillery.

Description of the to which the above Declaration relates.

Quantity in Gallons. Quality. Average Strength by Sykes’s Hydrometer. Number and Denomination of Packages. Marks on Packages.

(signed)

The day of 18 .

Collector’s number,

Collector’s date, of 18

Seal of the Collector.

(signed) Y. Z., Collector.

Schedule (B).

I, C. D., collector of land revenue (or collector of custom revenue, or being an officer appointed by the Governor in Council to act in this behalf) for the district of , do hereby, in conformity with the provisions of Act ,

grant this certificate under my hand and seal, that the rum or rum shrub described in the declaration hereunto annexed, which is sealed with the seal of this office, numbered of 18 , dated the of 18 , and

signed by , manager or owner of the licensed distillery, called

, is the produce of the district of , and is declared to be free

from any admixture of spirits manufactured from other substance than the sugar cane, date, or palm tree, and that the importation of foreign sugar and rum, and of sugar and rum the growth or produce of any British possessions into which foreign sugar and rum can be legally imported, is prohibited in the said district of

(l.s.) (signed) C. D.

This day of 18

Schedule (C).

I, E. F.y shipper of the rum or rum shrub hereinunder described, solemnly

declare, that all the rum or rum shrub hereinunder described is, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the same rum or rum shrub to which the certificate now produced by me relates.

(signed) E. F.

* This declaration must be drawn out before the rum leaves the distillery, in order that the attestation of the government officer may be attached.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA. 45

Description of to which this Declaration relates.

Quantity in Gallons. Quality. Average Strength by Sykes’s Hydrometer. Number and Denomination of Packages. Name of Ship or Vessel. Name of Master or Ship or Vessel.

The day of 18 . (8iP,ed>

Schedule (D).

I, R. W., collector of customs, (or being an officer appointed by the Governor

in Council to act in this behalf) for the port of , certify under ray

hand and seal, that there has been produced to me by F., the shipper of the rum

or rum shrub hereinunder described, a certificate under the hand and seal of C. D., collector of land revenue (or collector of custom revenue, or being an officer appointed by the Governor in Council to act in- this behalf) for the district of , in the territories forming part of the presidency of

Fort St. George, which certificate certifies that the said rum or rum shrub is of the produce of the said district, and is declared to be free from any admixture of spirits manufactured from other substance than the sugar cane, date, or palm tree, and that the importation of foreign sugar and rum, or sugar and rum the growth or produce of any British possession into which foreign sugar and rum can be legally imported, is prohibited in the said district.

(l.s.) (signed) R. W., Collector of Customs.

The day of 18

Description of the to which the Certificate relates.

Quantity in Gallons. Quality. Average Strength by Sykes’s Hydrometer. Number and Denomination of Packages. Name of Ship or Vessel. Name of Master of Ship, or Vessel.

1

(signed) R. W., Collector of Customs.

ACT No. XXIV. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 18th October 1841.

An Act for the greater Uniformity of the Law administered by Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts with that administered in England, in regard to the undisposed Residue of the Effects of Testators; Illusory Appointments; the Transfer of Estates by Persons under Disabilities, pursuant to the Direction of Courts, and the better Management of the Property of such Persons, and other like Matters.

I. It is hereby enacted, that the Statute 11 George and 1 William 4, c. 40, intituled “ An Act for making better Provision for the Disposal of the

344- f 3 undisposed

ACTS of 1841.

46

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841. undisposed of Residues of the Effects of Testators,” shall be extended to the

----' territories of the East India Company, as far as it is applicable to the same:

Provided, that this Act shall take effect from the 1st day of January next, which

day is substituted for the 1st day of September mentioned in the statute.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the Statute 11 George 4, and 1 William 4, c. 46, intituled “ An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Illusory Appointments,” and the Statute 11 George and 1 William 4, c. 65, intituled “ An Act for consolidating and amending the Law relating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes Coverts, Idiots, Lunatics and Persons of Unsound Mind,” shall, from the 1st day of January next, be extended to the territories of the East India Company, as far as it is applicable to the same.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the Statute 11 George and 1 William 4, c. 60, intituled “An Act for amending the Laws respecting Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees and Mortgagees, and for enabling Courts of Equity to give effect to their Decrees and Orders in certain Cases,” except so much thereof as provides that it shall not extend to cases of partition, shall, from the 1st day of January next, be extended to the territories of the East India Company, as far as it is applicable to the same ; and all provisions contained in the last-mentioned statute relating to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, intrusted as therein is mentioned, or to Courts of Chancery, or their decrees, shall be applicable to Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts of the respective presidencies; and the indemnity and discharge mentioned in the last section of the same Act, shall be applicable to the East India Company, and all corporate societies established within the territories of the East India Company, and their officers and servants.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to adopt the amendments of the English law touching the delay of action, suits or other proceedings, by reason of the parol demurring, and touching conveyances made by infants under order of courts ; It is hereby enacted, that sections 10 and 11 of the 11th George and 1 William 4, c. 47, intituled “ An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate,” shall, from the 1st day of January next, be extended to the territories of the East India Company, as far as it is applicable in the same.

V. And it is hereby provided, that this Act shall not be construed to affect any case which would not have been governed by English law as administered by Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts previous to the passing thereof, or any proceedings at law or in equity commenced before the 1st day of January next.

ACT No. XXV. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 18th October 1841.

An Act for amending the Law concerning Imprisonment for Contempts of Decrees or Orders made by Courts of Equity.

I. It is hereby enacted, that when any person shall have been directed by any decree or order in equity of Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts to execute any deed or instrument, or make a surrender or transfer, or to levy a fine, and shall have refused or neglected to execute, make or transfer, or levy the same, and shall have been committed to prison under process for such contempt, or being confined in prison for any other cause, shall have been charged with or detained under process for such contempt, and shall remain in such prison, the court may, upon motion or petition, and upon affidavit that such person has, after the expiration of two calendar months from the time of his being committed under, or charged with or detained under such process, again refused to execute such deed or instrument, or make such surrender or transfer, or levy such fine, order or appoint the master or registrar of the said courts to execute such deed or other instrument, or to make such surrender or transfer for and in the name of such person, and to levy such fine in his name, aiwl to do all acts necessary to give

validity

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

47

validity and operation to such fine, and to lead or declare the uses thereof, and the execution of the said deed or other instrument; and the surrender or transfer made by the said master or registrar, and the fine levied by him, shall in all respects have the same force and validity as if the same had been executed, or made or levied by the party himself; and within 10 days after the execution or making of any such deed or other instrument, or surrender or transfer, or levying such fine, notice thereof shall be given by the adverse solicitor to the party in whose name the same is executed or made, and such party, as soon as the deed or other instrument or surrender, transfer or fine, shall be executed, made or levied, shall be considered as having cleared his contempt, except as far as regards the payment of the costs of the contempt, and shall be entitled to be discharged therefrom under any of the provisions of this Act applicable to his case, and the court shall make such order as shall be just touching the payment of the cost of or attending any such deed, surrender, instrument, transfer, or fine.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that where a person shall be committed for a contempt in not delivering to any person or persons, or depositing in court or elsewhere, as by any order in equity of Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts may be directed, books, papers, or any other articles or things, the sheriff, under any writ of sequestration, shall have the same power to seize and take such books, papers, writings or other articles or things, being in the custody or power of the person against whom the sequestration issues, as they would have over his own property, and thereupon such articles or things so seized and taken, shall be dealt with by the court as shall be just; and after such seizure it shall be lawful for the court, upon the application of the prisoner, or any other person in the cause or matter, to make such order for the discharge of the prisoner, upon such terms as to the court shall seem proper.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the discharge of any prisoner adjudicated upon under the authority of an Act passed in the 9th George 4, c. 73, intituled “ An Act to provide for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in the East Indies, until the 1st day of March 1833,” last continued by an Act passed in the 3d & 4th Victoria, c. 80, shall and may extend to all process in equity issuing from Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts for any contempt of such court, for nonpayment of money, or of costs, charges or expenses in any such court; and that in such case the said discharge shall be deemed to extend to all costs which such prisoner shall be liable to pay in consequence or by reason of such contempt, or on purging the same ; and every discharge so adjudicated as aforesaid, as to any debt or damages of any creditor of such prisoner, shall be deemed to extend also to all costs incurred by such creditor before the filing of such prisoner’s schedule, in any action or suit brought by such creditor against such prisoners for the purpose of the recovery of the same ; and that all persons as to whose demands for any such costs, money, or expenses, any such person shall be so adjudged to be discharged, shall be deemed and taken to be creditors of such prisoner in respect thereof, and entitled to the benefits of all the provisions made for creditors by the said last-mentioned Acts, subject, nevertheless, to such ascertaining of the amount of the said demands as may be had by taxation or otherwise, and to such examination thereof as is in the said last-mentioned Acts provided in respect of all claim to a dividend of such insolvent’s estate and effects.

IV. And be it further enacted, that in all cases of contempt, where any person or persons are, or is, or shall at anytime hereafter be in prison under or by reason of any commitment or attachment in equity, directed by or issued out of Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts, such court shall (upon the application of the person or persons against whom such commitment or attachment hath been directed or issued), have the power, if it shall so think fit, to discharge such person or persons from their, his, or her contempt, except as to the costs thereof, for which costs they, he or she shall remain in custody; and such costs shall be deemed within the provisions of the last preceding section of this Act, and they, he, or she, shall be discharged therefrom, and from the process of contempts, in like manner as in the last preceding section of this Act provided for in cases of process of contempt for nonpayment of money or costs: Provided, that this

344* f 4 Act

ACTS of 1841.

48

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

Act shall not weaken any of the other powers by this Act given, and that nothing herein contained shall alter or affect the operation of the said Acts for the relief of insolvent debtors.

ACT No. XXVI. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 18th October 1841.

An Act for extending, in cases governed by English Law, certain Provisions of the Statute 3 & 4 William 4, c. 42, intituled “ An Act for the further Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice.”

I. Whereas there is no remedy provided, in cases governed by English law, for injuries to the real estate of any person deceased, committed in his lifetime, nor for certain wrongs done by a person deceased in his lifetime to another, in respect of his property, real or personal: For remedy thereof, it is hereby enacted, that an action of trespass or trespass on the case, as the case may be, may be maintained by the executors or administrators of any person deceased, for any injury to the real estate of such person, committed in his lifetime, for which an action might have been maintained by such person, so as such injury shall have been committed within six calendar months before the death of such deceased person, and provided such action shall be brought within one year after the death of such person; and the damages when recovered shall be part of the personal estate of such person : and further, that an action of trespass or trespass on the case, as the case may be, may be maintained against the executors or administrators of any person deceased, for any wrong committed by him in his lifetime to another in respect of his property, real or personal, so as such injury shall have been committed within six calendar months before such person’s death, and so as such action shall be brought within six calendar months after such executors or administrators shall have taken upon themselves the administration of the estate and effects of such person; and the damages to be recovered in such action shall be payable in like order of administration as the simple contract debts of such person.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that no wager of law shall be hereafter allowed.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that an action of debt on simple contract shall be maintainable in any of Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts against any executor or administrator.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the defendant in all personal actions (except actions for assault and battery, false imprisonment, libel, slander, malicious arrest or prosecution, criminal conversation or debauching of the plaintiff’s daughter or servant,) by leave of any of Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts where such action is pending, or a judge of any of the said courts, to pay into court a sum of money by way of compensation or amends, in such manner and under such regulations as to the payment of costs and the form of pleading, as the said judges or such courts respectively shall by any rules or orders by them to be from time to time made, order and direct.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the parties in any action or information, after issue joined, by consent and by order of any of the judges of the said courts, to state the facts of the case, in the form of a special case, for the dpinion of the court, and to agree that a judgment shall be entered for the plaintiff or defendant, by confession or of nolle prosequi, immediately after the decision of the case, or otherwise, as the court may think fit, and judgment shall be entered accordingly.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that the name of every witness objected to as incompetent, on the ground that the judgment in the action would be admissible in evidence for or against him, shall at the trial be indorsed on the record or document on which the trial shall be had, together with the name of the party on whose behalf he was examined, by some officer of the court, at the request of either party, and shall be afterwards entered on the record of the judgment; and

GOVERNMENT OF JNDIA.

49

8vicn'indorsement or entry shall be sufficient evidence that such witness was examined in any subsequent proceeding in which the judgment shall be offered in evidence.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that every such court as aforesaid, on the trial of any issue, or on any inquisition of damages, may, if they shall think fit, give damages in the nature of interest, over and above the value of the goods at the time of the conversion or seizure, in all actions of trover or trespass de bonis asportatis, and over and above the money recoverable in all actions on policies of assurance made after the passing of this Act.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, in cases which would be governed by English law, that it shall be lawful for the executors or administrators of any lessor or landlord to distrain upon the lands demised for any term, or at will, for the arrearages of rent due to such lessor or landlord in his lifetime, in like manner as such lessor or landlord might have done in his lifetime.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that such arrearages may be distrained for after the end or determination of such term or lease at will, in the same manner as if such term or lease had not been ended or determined; provided, that such distress be made within the space of six calendar months after the determination of such term or lease, and during the continuance of the possession of the tenant from whom such arrears become due: provided also, that all and every the powers and provisions of law relating to distresses for rent shall be applicable to the distresses so made as aforesaid.

ACT No. XXVII. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 18th October 1841.

An Act for appropriating the Unclaimed Dividends on Insolvent Estates.

I. Whereas, pursuant to the orders of the courts for the relief of insolvent debtors at the several presidencies, divers sums on account of unclaimed dividends on insolvent estates have from time to time been paid over by the assignees of such insolvent estates into the hands of the acconntant-general and sub-treasurer of the East India Company at such several presidencies, with the privity of the accountant-general of the said insolvent courts, to the credit of the persons named in the schedules as creditors of such insolvents respectively: And whereas it is expedient that in the event of no claim being established to such unclaimed dividends, or any part thereof, within a reasonable time, such dividends should be distributed among such of the creditors of such insolvent estates as shall have established their claims against such estates respectively:

It is therefore enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said courts of insolvent debtors respectively, in the event of no claim being established to such dividends, or any part thereof within six years after any dividend shall have been so paid over as aforesaid, to order the same to be repaid to such assignees, to be by them distributed among such of the creditors of such insolvent estates as shall have established their claims against such estates respectively, and to order such claims to be expunged from such schedules: Provided, that this Act shall not affect the right of any party to be paid such dividends out of any future assets* which may come to the hands of the assignees, together with any future dividends which may be declared on such insolvent estates respectively, in the event of any such claim being afterwards established.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that no such unclaimed dividend shall at any time be distributed under this Act, unless a statement of such unclaimed dividends be previously published in manner following: One year at least before making any such division as aforesaid, a statement shall be published three times in the English language, and also in one or more native languages, in the official gazettes of the respective presidencies, which statement shall contain the names and descriptions, as contained in the schedules of all parties, in respect of whose claims dividends are reserved, together with the amount of such claims

344. G respectively.

ACTS of 1841.

50

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1841.

respectively, and shall specify whether any former dividend or dividends have been paid in respect thereof, and whether any proof shall have at any time been made of the debt whereby any dividend may have accrued : Provided always, that this Act shall not authorize the distribution of any such dividend, except where no person shall at any time have substantiated any claim to the debt in respect of which such dividend may have become due.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, that in case it shall appear that any insolvent is indebted to any domestic servants for wages, it shall be lawful for such courts, at or before the time of declaring a dividend, to order the amount due for such wages, but not exceeding in the whole the amount of six months’ wages, to be paid to such servants out of the estate of such insolvents.

IV. And be it enacted, that this Act shall not take effect until the 1st day of January 1843.

ACT No. XXVIII. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 15th November 1841.

An Act for extending Act No. XXIII. of 1839, to Camp Followers.

It is hereby enacted, that in cases in which an offender, being a soldier, is punishable under Act No. XXIII. of 1839, any offender amenable to any articles of war for the East India Company’s native forces, not being a commissioned officer, shall be punishable according to that Act, as well as otherwise according to law; and Act No. II. of 1840, shall be applicable to offenders imprisoned under this Act.

ACT No. XXIX. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 13 th December 1841.

An Act for amending such Parts of the Bengal and Madras Codes as concern the Dismissal of Suits and Appeals, for neglecting to proceed in the same.

I. It is hereby enacted, that if a plaintiff or appellant in any court shall at any time neglect to proceed in his suit or appeal for six weeks, the suit or appeal shall be dismissed ; and it shall not be necessary to give the plaintiff or appellant any notice previous to dismissing his suit or appeal. The suit or appeal shall be dismissed as of course, after the expiration of six weeks without any proceeding on the part of the court, or of the defendant, or otherwise, or assignment of any reasons, unless the plaintiff or appellant, or his representative in case of his death, upon special application, shall have previously satisfied the court of the propriety of allowing further time. The court shall record upon the proceedings the reasons at large for allowing further time in all cases in which further time may be allowed, but it shall not be necessary to specify the Teasons for refusing any application for further time.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that in all cases in which a suit or appeal is dismissed under the preceding section, the court shall award to the defendant or respondent the costs he may have incurred in the suit or appeal; but such dismissal shall be no impediment to the institution of a new suit or appeal, where the party is not precluded by lapse of time, or period of appeal, or otherwise than by the mere circumstances of having instituted the suit or appeal dismissed, and of such dismissal; and such dismissed suit or appeal shall not prevent lapse of time, under the law of limitations, being incurred.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that Clause II., Section XXVII., Regulation XXIII. ofl814, of the BengalCode, and Clause II., SectionXXVI., Regulation VI.

of

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

51

of 1816, of the Madras Code, are repealed, and no appeal shall lie against the decision passed in accordance with the provisions of the preceding clauses of this Act, other than a summary appeal on the fact of default.

ACT No. XXX. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 20th December 1841.

An Act for repressing Obstructions to Justice in certain Courts of the East India Company.

I. Whereas sufficient provision is not made for repressing obstructions to justice committed in the courts of the East India Company ; It is hereby enacted, that all persons whatsoever, whether generally amenable to the courts of the East India Company or otherwise, using menacing gestures or expressions, or otherwise obstructing justice in the presence of any zillah or city magistrate, joint magistrate, or other officer under a magistrate empowered to try criminal cases, or any superior or inferior court, civil or criminal, of the East India Company, shall be liable to be fined by the authority whose proceedings are obstructed, to any amount not exceeding 200 rupees, or in case such fine be not paid, to be imprisoned for any period not exceeding one month: Provided, that from the award of punishment in such cases an appeal shall lie, if preferred within one month, to the authority, civil or criminal, appointed by law to hear appeals in all other cases from the decisions of the officer by whom the fine was imposed; and provided also, that notwithstanding anything in this Act, it shall be lawful to indict any person amenable to Her Majesty’s Supreme Courts as for a misdemeanor in any of the cases aforesaid sustainable before this Act, if no proceeding shall have been had against the offender in the court where the offence was committed, but not otherwise.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, that the Sudder Board of Revenue, the local commissioners, or other officers exercising the powers of either of those authorities, the collectors, or other officers exercising the powers of collector, shall be competent to punish any obstruction of the nature aforesaid, by fine to an extent not exceeding 200 rupees, and in case such fine be not paid, by imprisonment in the civil gaol for a period not exceeding one month: Provided, that the orders passed in such cases shall be subject, on appeal, to the revision and control of the superior revenue authorities, as in all others, and shall, as well as the sentences passed under Section I. of this Act, be carried into effect by the magistrate, on application being made to that officer, in the usual mode.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that Section XLII., the further proviso contained in Section LXXIV., Regulation XXIII., 1814; Clauses II. and III., Section V. and Section VI., Regulation XII. of 1825, of the Bengal Code, are repealed.

ACT No. XXXI. of 1841.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council on

the 20th December 1841.

An Act for amending the Provisions of the Bengal Code touching Criminal Appeals, and the Revision of Sentences and Orders of Criminal Courts.

I. Whereas the provisions of the Bengal Code concerning criminal appeals and revision of sentences and orders of criminal courts required to be amended; —

It is hereby enacted, that those parts of the Bengal Code which concern the powers and duties of the criminal courts in respect to appeals and revision of sentences of a lower court by a higher, are repealed.

344* g 2 II. And

ACTS of 1841.

52

ACTS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

ACTS of 1841.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that from every sentence or order in criminal trials, within the limitation prescribed by Sections VIII. and IX., Regulation

IX., 1793, Section IV., Regulation XVI., 1795, and Sections VIII. and IX., Regulation VI., 1803, or in judicial proceedings other than criminal trials passed by an assistant to a magistrate, or by a sudder ameen, or by a law officer, or by any other officer under a magistrate empowered to try criminal cases, there shall be permitted one appeal to the magistrate, joint magistrate, or officer exercising the powers of magistrate, within one month from the date of such sentence or order: and from every sentence or order in criminal trials, beyond the limitation prescribed by Sections VIII. and IX., Regulation IX., 1793, Section IV., Regulation XVI., 1795, and Sections VIII. and IX., Regulation VI., 1803, or in judicial proceedings other than criminal trials passed by a magistrate, joint magistrate, assistant to a magistrate vested with special powers, or other officer empowered to try criminal cases, there shall be permitted, within one month as aforesaid, one appeal to the sessions judge ; and from every sentence or order passed in criminal trials, by a sessions judge, there shall be permitted within three months, one appeal to the court of Nizamut Adawlut; and except as provided in the next Section of this Act, the sentences or orders passed upon such appeals shall be final.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be at all times lawful for the courts of Nizamut Adawlut to call for the records of any criminal trials of any subordinate court, and to pass upon them such orders as may seem fit.

IV. Provided however, and it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the court of Nizamut Adawlut, in cases so called for, or for any criminal court, in appeals preferred to it, to enhance any punishment awarded, or to punish any person acquitted by the court below.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be at all times lawful for a sessions judge, and for a magistrate, joint magistrate, or officer exercising the powers of magistrate, to call for and examine the records of any court immediately subordinate to their respective courts, for the purpose of satisfying themselves as to the regularity of the proceedings of such subordinate courts; but it shall not be lawful for any court, under the degree of the Nizamut Adawlut, to alter any sentence or order of any subordinate court, except upon appeal by parties concerned, duly made according to the provisions of this Act.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to a sessions judge to refer to the Nizamut Adawlut any trial in which he may consider the sentence he is empowered to pass inadequate to the guilt of the prisoner, anything in the existing Regulations to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall be held to alter or interfere with the powers and duties of a superintendent of police as laid down in Act No. XXIV. of 1837, and other parts of the Bengal Code.

INDEX

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF GOVERNMENT OF INDIA; 1841,

53

INDEX TO THE ACTS

OF

THE SUPREME GOVERNMENT OF INDIA,

For the Year 1841,

A.

Abkaree revenue in the Bengal presidency; amount of fines and period of imprisonment under Sec. 14, Act XXV. of 1840, limited; superintendent of Abkaree revenue shall pass sentences -Act XXV. of 1840, Sec. 14, modified as above - — VII. of 1841, extended to military courts of requests ...

— XXV. of 1830, provisions of, explained -

— for the relief of insolvent debtors extended to persons imprisoned for contempt of court, or for nonpayment of costs or expenses in court. See Contempts.

----XXIII. of 1839, extended to camp followers -

----II. of 1840, made applicable to offenders imprisoned under Act

XXVIII. of 1841 ...........................................

Actions, amendment of the English law touching the delay of, by reason of parol demurring ----

— personal. See Personal Action.

Administrators of estates may be proceeded against for debts on simple contract. See Debts.

Ammunition and arms, exportation of, prohibited. See Military Stores. Appeals shall lie to the nearest Sudder Court from decisions of Military Court of Requests, convened beyond the East India Company’s territories. See Military Courts of Requests.

---- against sales of estates may be made to commissioner of revenue

within a limited time. See Lands.

— - before Courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut in Bengal, proceedings in, amended; register may prepare appealed causes for trial, execute decrees and orders of the courts, issue necessary process, and proceed thereupon ...

— — security for costs in proceedings before the said court unnecessary ; the court may frame rules of practice for the due exercise of their civil and criminal jurisdiction, subject to the approval of the Governor-General of India in Council ----

— dismissed for default. See Suits.

---- in criminal cases. See Criminal Appeals.

Arrears of rent due to deceased lessor; executors may recover by

distraint ----may be

distrained for within six months after determination

of term, and during continuance of possession of tenant -Assessments on houses, buildings, and grounds in Madras. See Municipal Law.

Assumpsit, action of. See Claims.

B.

Benamee purchase of estates, suits brought on the ground of, to be dismissed with costs - -- -- -- --

Bhang, unlicensed sale of, within the presidency of Bombay. See Ganja. Bombay Court of Petty Sessions and Magistrates, powers of, extended.

See Court of Petty Sessions and Magistrates.

Boatmen in Bombay, Colaba, and Harbour of Bombay to wear badges, with number of boats to which they belong. See Conveyances. Boats let to hire in Bombay, Colaba, and Harbour of Bombay. See Conveyances.

Buildings likely to occasion conflagration, construction of prevented. See Nuisances.

— — — — — in ruinous condition, removal of. See Nuisances.

Camp Followers shall be punishable under Act No. XXIII. of 1839 Carriages and carts let to hire in Bombay, Colaba, and Harbour of Bombay. See Conveyances.

Certificates of manufacture, and for export of rum and rum shrub. See Rum.

344-

Q3

IX.

XI.

XIII.

XXVIII.

»>

XXIV.

XVII.

XXVI.

XII.

XXVIII.

BECTIOK.

I.

99

V.

I.

I.

»»

IV.

IL

VIII.

IX.

XXII.

(continued)

54

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

ACT.

SECTION.

Certiorari, writ of, persons may have recourse to, when aggrieved by conviction of Court of Petty Sessions, or magistrates ot police in Bombay ----

Claims, Adverse, Supreme Courts, in actions of assumpsit, debt, detinue, or trover, may, on defendant’s application that the right of claim belongs to a third party, make rules for calling upon such third party, and dispose of the claim in a summary way, as also the question of costs and other matters - -- -- -- -

— judgment in any such action or issue, and the summary decision of the court or judge, to be final ----non-compliance by the third party, with any orders of the Su-

Ereme Court, shall for ever bar such third party from prosecuting is claim against the original defendant, saving his claim against the plaintiff. Court to make orders between the defendant ana plaintiff as to costs or other matters - -- -- -- -

- orders made under this Act by a single judge, not in open court, shall be liable to revision by the court ----

- a judge, on application, may refer proceedings to the court, and how shall the court proceed in such case - in cases of goods and chattels seized under process by the sheriff

or other officer, but claimed by another party, how shall the court act for the adjustment of such claims, and for the protection of the sheriff or officer - -- -- -- -- --

— — rules, orders, matters, and decisions, how to be entered of record, and for what purpose, and for securing payment of costs, what force the rules and orders shall have. In default of payment of costs, what course authorized to be adopted ----

Commission, issue of, for trial of state offences. See State Offences. Commissioners, issue of, by the court of one district to that of another for the examination of absent witnesses in civil cases. See Witnesses. Conflagration occasioned by combustible substances, how to be prevented. See Nuisances.

Contempt of order in equity of Her Majesty’s courts, in refusing to execute deed or instrument, or make a surrender or transfer or to levy a fine, how to be remedied - -- -- -- --

in not delivering books, papers, or other articles, how to be

remedied - -- -- -- -- --

---- persons imprisoned for nonpayment of money, or of costs,

charges of expenses in such courts, sKall be entitled to the benefit of the Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors - — Supreme Courts may order discharge of persons imprisoned by reason of commitment or attachment from their contempt

----of Military Courts of Requests, how punishable. See Military

Courts of Requests.

* — of Civil and Criminal Courts of the East India Company, as

also of the Courts of Revenue Authorities by menaces or gestures. See Obstructions to Justice.

Ill,

VIII.

99

99

99

99

99

XXV.

99

99

99

Conveyances made by infants, under order of Supreme Courts; law relating to, amended - -- -- -- --

Conveyances (public) in Bombay, Colaba, and Harbour of Bombay, regulated. Hackney carriages, carts, palankeens, and other vehicles and boats let to hire, to bear a number in manner indicated. Persons letting out conveyances, not bearing the prescribed inscription, how to be punished ----

numbers for public conveyances, by whom to be indicated, and on whose application. Breach of any provision of this Act will be followed by what consequence ----

« — — --ticca bearers, boatmen, or persons employed in conveyances

to wear a badge, with the number of the conveyance; and they in default, how to be punished ----

---- rates of hire to be settled and published half-yearly; persons

requiring more than the prescribed fare, how to be punished, and what punishment persons refusing to pay the legal hire shall be liable to. Contract for hire under settled rate not valid or binding on owners ----

— superintendent of police to keep a register of applicants

receiving numbers, and of conveyances for which numbers, also of

Jjersons tor whom badges, are obtained. Abuse of number and badge, iow to be punished ----

-- ---- — Court of Petty Sessions to appoint stands for public convey-

ances and palkees, and persons in charge of such conveyances found loitering off such stands for hire, how to be punished *

- - --persons not prevented from letting out conveyances for a

month or longer period without numbers - — ----fines imposed under this Act, how recoverable -

Coparcenaries in Putteedarree estates. See Putteedarree Estates.

XXIV.

IV.

ff

99

99

99

99

99

99

XI.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

IV.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1841.

55

Court of Petty Sessions in Bombay, jurisdiction of extended; may summarily try cases of simple larceny or receiving stolen property of limited value ----

----power of imprisonment limited, and of transportation withheld

----may commit for trial to Supreme Court persons charged with

above offences ----

how to enforce restoration of stolen property -

----may inflict double punishment for repeated offence; power of

corporal punishment and imprisonment limited - - -

— — how to levy fines and penalties ----

persons aggrieved by conviction of, at liberty to have recourse

to writ of certiorari Court of Wards, estates under the management of, not to be sold for arrears accruing during such management. See Lands.

Courts Martial may punish camp followers under Act XXIII. of 1839. See Offenders and Camp Followers.

----of Equity, contempt of the decree or order of. See Contempt.

Crime against the State. See State Offences.

Criminal appeals and revision of sentences and orders of criminal courts, regulations of the Bengal Code concerning, repealed ---- from sentences in criminal trials or proceedings passed by an assistant to magistrate, by a sudder ameen or a law or other officer under a magistrate, one appeal to lie to the magistrate, or joint magistrate; from sentences passed by magistrates, joint magistrates or assistants vested with special powers, there shall be one appeal to session judges, and from sentences of session judges to the Nizamut Adawlut; sentences upon such appeals to be final ----

Criminal Appeals; Nizamut Adawlut, may call for records of any criminal trials of any subordinate courts, and pass orders - Nizamut Adawlut, in cases so called for, or any criminal court in

appeals preferred to it, shall not be competent to enhance punishment or punish persons acquitted by lower court ----

----sessions judges, magistrates or joint magistrates, may call for and

examine records of any subordinate court for satisfaction; courts under the degree of Nizamut Adawlut shall not alter sentences, except when appeals are duly preferred to them -

----sessions judge may refer to the Nizamut Adawlut any trial he may

consider the sentence he is empowered to pass inadequate to the guilt of the prisoner

Act not to interfere with the powers of the superintendent of the

police, as in Act No. XXIV. of 1837, and other parts of the Bengal

Code...................................................................

Curators, appointment of, for securing property from wrongful possession by persons not having a rightful title by succession thereto. See Succession

D.

Damages; Supreme Courts may in certain cases award, in the nature of interest - -- -- -- - -

Debt, action of, in Supreme Courts. See Claims.

Debts due by Company’s native officers or soldiers or persons amenable to articles of war for native forces, how recoverable. See Military Courts of Requests.

Debts, facilitating collection of; on succession to estates of deceased Hin doos and Manomedans, and better providing for the security of parties paying such debts to the representatives of such deceased persons

----not recoverable without a certificate or a probate or letter of admi

nistration, except in cases mentioned ----

----manner of obtaining a certificate from the judge within whose juris

diction the deceased/s property may be -

---- effect of such certificate ----

---- security to be taken from the grantee of certificate, and for what

purpose - - - - ... - - - -

---- grant of certificates may be suspended by the Sudder Court, and

that court may grant a fresh certificate, and what shall be the effect of the latter regarding payments made to the holder of the first certificate ---- local extent of power given by certificates -

— the holder of a certificate may (if expressly mentioned) receive interest on government notes and dividends, aud negotiate securities

---- payment under certificate void, by reason of previous certificate

— - certificate, after previous grant of probate or letters, void

---- bondJide payments protected - - - - -

---- probate or letters, after previous grant of certificate, not valid for

payments of debts - -- -- -- --

----bond Jide payments protected ----

---- curators prohibited from exercising certain powers -

— — effect of probates and letters granted by Her Majesty's courts to representatives of Hindoos and others ----

344-

G4

III.

XXXI.

XXVL

XX.

»*

T>

»>

*»

»»

»»

SECTION.

I.

II.

III. VIIL

IX.

X.

XI.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

V

VI.

VII.

VIL

I.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI. Xli. XIII.

XIV.

(continued)

56

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

Debts, Act not to affect property of British subjects -

— payment of, out of real estate. See Statute.

Debt on simple contract, action of, against executors or administrators maintainable in Supreme Courts ----

Decrees of courts of equity, law for giving effect to. See Statute.

Defendants in personal actions in Supreme Courts may pay into court money by way of compensation or amends - - -

Demurring, parol, amendment of English law touching delay of proceedings by reason of - -- -- -- -- -

Detinue, action of. See Claims.

Discharge mentioned in stat. 11 Geo. 4, and 1 Will. 4, c. 00, shall be applicable to the East India Company, and all corporate societies and their officers and servants - -- -- -- -

Dismissal of suits for default. See Suits.

Distraint of personal property of putteedars for arrears of government revenue. See Putteeaarree Estates.

— ' executors may recover arrears of rent due to deceased lessor by

Dividends, unclaimed, accruing on insolvent estates, how to be disposed

of. See Insolvent Estates.

Duty, import, on wines and spirits, how to be regulated; what per-cent-age to be allowed for ullage on wines and spirits lodged in bonded warehouses - -- -- -- -- -

E.

Effects of testators, stat. 11 Geo. 4, and 1 Will. 4, c. 40, better providing for the disposal of the undisposed of residues of, extended to the territories of the East India Company -Estates, sale of, for arrears of revenue. See Lands.

— of deceased persons protected from wrongful possession. See Succession.

— law relating to transfer and conveyance of, vested in trustees and mortgagees. See Statute.

— — of deceased persons, action of trespass for injuries done to. See Beal Estate.

real or personal, action of trespass against executors or administra-

tors of a deceased person, for injuries done to by such deceased person during his lifetime. See Real Estate.

Execution of orders of Her Majesty's courts in equity when refused by persons, how to be enforced. See Contempt.

Executors of any lessor may distrain for arrears of rent in his lifetime. See Arrears.

— may proceed for injuries done to the real estate of a deceased

person during his lifetime, and may be proceeded against for wrongs committed by a deceased person. See Real Estate.

» may be proceeded against for debt on simple contract. See Debts.

F.

Fares of public conveyances in Bombay, Colaba, and Harbour of Bombay.

See Conveyances.

Femes covert, law relating to the property of. See Statute.

Fines and penalties awarded under Act III. of 1841 by Court of Petty Sessions or police magistrates in Bombay, how leviable -Fires from combustible substances, how to be prevented. See Nuisances. Funds, law relating to the conveyance or tranfer of, vested in trustees and mortgagees. See Statute.

G.

Ganja and Bhang, unlicensed sale of, by retail, within the presidency of Bombay, how punishable ----

— ----collectors of land revenue shall grant licences

----form of licence. See Appendix (A.) to Act II., 1841.

Gunpowder, deposit of, regulated. See Military Stores.

H.

Hire of public conveyances in Bombay, Colaba, and Harbour of Bombay. See Conveyances.

I.

Idiots, law relating to the property of. See Statute.

Illusory appointment, statute 11 Geo. 4, and 1 Will. 4, c. 46, for altering and amending the law relating to, extended to the East India Company’s territories ----

Indemnity mentioned in the last section of stat. 11 Geo. 4, and 1 Will. 4, c. 60, shall be applicable to East India Company, and all corporate societies and their officers and servants - - *

ACT. SECTION.

XX. XV.

XXVI. III.

99 IV.

XXIV. IV.

99 III.

XXVI. VIII,

XIII. I.

XXIV. I.

III.

II.

XXIV.

I.

II.

II.

III.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1841.

57

Infants, law relating to the property of. See Statute.

'' making conveyances under order of courts ...

Insolvent Debtors, law for the relief of, to extend to prisoners for contempt of court, for nonpayment of money, or of costs, or charges or expenses in any such court. See Contempt.

estates, unclaimed dividends in, how to be disposed of; parties having right to such dividends not barred from payment thereof from future assets, or from future dividends ----

what course to be adopted before disposing of unclaimed divi-

dends -

----estates, payment of wages of domestic servants of insolvent

debtors, how to be made

Act, when to have effect

Interest on arrears of land revenue abolished. Interpleader, bill of. See Claims.

See Lands.

J.

Jury to fix rates of rent in Putteedarree estates, according to Sections 5 to 10, Reg. IX. of 1833, in case of difference between parties. See Putteedarree Estates.

Justices of the peace, persons appointed in any commission of the peace may act as, upon taking oath in any civil or criminal court of justice within the places for which such commission shall have been issued, before the presiding officer, whether a justice of the peace or not; oaths where to be deposited ----

---- oaths taken by, before other justices of the peace prior to the

passing of this Act, declared lawful ----

Justice, obstruction to. See Obstructions.

L.

Lands ; better providing for realization of government revenue by sale of, within the Bengal presidency ----

« certain regulations of the Bengal code relating to, rescinded. See

Regulations ----

— interest and penalty upon arrears of land revenue abolished -

days for the sale of, by whom to be fixed for each permanently settled

district, and how to be notified ----

— — sales of, in unsettled districts and in the Benares province, not to be held without previous order of the Sudder Board - - - -

— definition of an arrear - -- -- -- -

— estates from which arrears may be due at sunset preceding the day of sale, to be sold by the collector; tender of money after sunset not to interfere with the sale ----

no claims to abatement and set-off shall bar a sale, except as men-

tioned ----

— — no estates to be sold for arrears of revenue or other demands without previous notification to the effect and in manner indicated

— non-proprietors may deposit the amount of arrear, and under what circumstances be entitled to a temporary possession of estates, and may recover the amount of deposit with interest from the proprietors

— under management of Court of Wards, and those belonging to minors,

but not under Court of Wards, shall not be sold for arrears accruing during the court’s management or the time of the minors until they come to age; estates under attachment by revenue authorities also exempted from sale for arrears accruing during such attachment; those attached by revenue authorities, by order of court, when saleable for arrears - ----

collectors and commissioners of revenue may exempt estates from

sale before its commencement; receipt of commissioner’s order by the collector after sale not to affect its legality - - - - -

- sales, where to be held - -- -- -- -

under what circumstances sales shall be adjourned, and how the adjournment to be notified to the commissioner and the public

— — sales to be made in regular order,by number, and how to be regulated — — deposits to be made on purchase immediately, and to what extent 5 in default, the estate to be put up again and sold - — — balance of purchase-money to be paid within 30 days ; in default, the deposit to be forfeited, the estates resold, and the amount of any difference how to be levied from the defaulting purchaser - - -

— after sale of an estate, ryots and under-tenants to be forbidden to pay

rents until further notice ----

— — commissioners of revenue mav receive appeals against sales, and annul them if held contrary to the provision of this Act, the purchaser being compensated if the sale be occasioned by the proprietor’s neglect

— local government may restore estates, and under what circumstances

— sales when to be final....................................

H

XXIV.

XXVII.

99

99

XVI.

XII.

99

99

99

99

SECTION.

IV.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

I.

II.

99

99

99

99

I.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

99

99

99

X.

t XI. £XII.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVL

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

(continued)

344-

58

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

Lands; on a sale becoming final, a certificate of title to be given to the purchaser in manner prescribed ; the sale how to be proclaimed, and the purchase-money how disposed of ----

----plea of Benamee purchase inadmissible -

----annulment of sales how to be notified; deposit and purchase-money

how to be refunded ----

----purchasers liable for mesne revenue - - - -

----grounds and conditions on which a civil court may reverse a sale;

persons may have recourse to personal actions for damages against individuals by whom they may have been wronged -

----refund of purchase-money with interest, on sales being reversed by

courts of justice - -- -- -- -- -

----purchasers of permanently settled estates in Bengal, Behar, Orissa,

and Benares, shall acquire them free from incumbrances imposed after settlement, and enhance rents, with certain exceptions mentioned

----purchasers of estates in other than said districts, may acquire them

free from incumbrances imposed after settlement, and annul undertenures and leases granted by former proprietors subsequently to the last settlement, save those mentioned; may enhance rents in cases of the nature mentioned ----

— — local government may reserve under-tenures at sales of estates; and if such restricted sales prove detrimental to the interest of government, cancel it before they are final, and order it to be put up again for sale, under conditions mentioned ----

— purchase by a proprietor or copartner of estates in their own or in

the name of others; also estates sold for other demands than those accruing upon the estate sold, shall be subject to all incumbrances^and conditions which existed previous to such sale - - -

arrears of rent due to the defaulter, how recoverable by him after sale - -- -- -- -- -- -

----contempt to the collector at the sale, how punishable; appeal in such

cases where to lie -

----default to make good a bid, how to be dealt with -

----Act to affect what provinces ----

----operation of Act, when to commence ----

Larceny, simple, cognizable by Court of Petty Sessions in Bombay. See Court of Petty Sessions.

— ditto by single magistrates in Bombay. See Magistrates.

Law, as administered in the Supreme Courts, amended in certain respects, by extending statute 3d Sc 4th Will. 4, c. 42 -Law for the relief of insolvent debtors shall extend to persons imprisoned for contempt of court. See Contempt.

Letters of Administration, grant of, for the collection of debts due to estates of deceased Hindoos and Mahomedans. See Debts.

Licence for the retail of Ganja and Bhang in the Bombay presidency.

See Ganja and Bhang.

Lumbardar, definition of. See Putteedarree Estates.

Lunatics, law relating to the property of. See Statute.

M.

Madras Municipal Law amended. See Municipal Law.

---- Rum and Rum Shrub Act extended to the presidency of -

Magistrates (single) of police in Bombay may exercise power of summary conviction in cases described in certain rules, ordinances, and regulations mentioned, provided in cases of simple larceny value of property does not exceed 10 rupees - -- -- -- -

---- may exercise, in cases triable by them, the same power of

summoning, apprehending, and punishing, as that conferred upon Court of Petty Sessions by enactments mentioned - - - -

-- power of, as regards imprisonment, limited -

may commit persons for trial before Court of Petty Sessions

or Supreme Court

---- — judgment how to be drawrn up -

---- how to enforce restoration of stolen property -

----how to levy fines and penalties ----

persons aggrieved by conviction of, may have recourse to

writ of certiorari

Markets in the islands of Bombay and Colaba, for the better regulation of Master of Supreme Courts may execute deeds or instruments, make transfer and levy fines on parties refusing to do so, when required by order of said courts in equity. See Contempt.

Measures, fraudulent use of, in markets in Bombay and Colaba, how punishable. See Weights.

Meat and Provision, sale of noxious, and nuisances affecting public health in markets in Bombay and Colaba, how punishable - - - - found noxious on examination, to be destroyed -

XII.

n

99

»)

9f

99

99

99

XXVI.

XXIII.

III.

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

XIV.

XIV.

XIV.

SECTION.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

XXV.

XXVI.

XXVIL

XXVIII.

XXIX.

XXX.

XXXI.

XXXII.

XXXIII.

XXXIV.

XXXV.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

X.

XI.

I.

II.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1841.

59

Military Courts of Requests, Regulations relating to repealed. Jurisdiction of a single officer authorized to try small suits in military bazaars at cantonments in the Madras and Bombay presidencies, and trial by punchayet of suits against military persons in the Madras Presidency, to remain unaffected ----

----actions of debt, and other personal actions to a limited amount

against native officers, soldiers, and other persons amenable to the Articles of War for native forces, cognizable only before a military court; disputes regarding caste or real property not to be determined by such court - -- -- -- -- -

— ---- who to convene such, and such courts how to be composed.

Provision made for the trial of suits in the event of its being impracticable to constitute a court where the cause of action may have arisen - — — shall be convened monthly, and on some day before issue of pay

- --what is to be the form of their proceedings, and to have what

powers as to summoning witnesses and examining parties. May examine absent witnesses under Act No. VII. of 1841 -

— non-attendance of witnesses, perjury and subornation of penury, how to be tried and punished - - - - - -

----contempts to such courts, where to be tried and how punished -

record of proceedings to be kept, and the same to contain what

particulars, and such record to whom to be submitted after signature by the members - -- -- -- -- -

— recovery of more than 200 rupees on account of one or several demands by the same plaintiff disallowed; and the judgment of such court shall be a bar against the recovery of any demand against the defendant in any other court, if the liability occurred before instituting the suit in the military court. Payment of interest how to be regulated ; contracts for debts exceeding 20 rupees, how to be drawn and executed; suits for debts incurred upwards of six years inadmissible, except as mentioned ----

— may terminate a suit for non-attendance of either party, or of witnesses; plaintiffs, if cast in such case, not competent to commence a new suit ----

commanding officer may return the proceedings for revision by

the same or other military court of requests; second decree to be final. Proceedings why referable to the commandeMn-chief, who may annul them without prejudice to any future suit; evidence not adduced at the first, may be received at the new trial - - -

----what process to be observed before commencement of a trial

---- decrees how to be published ----

execution of decrees may be either general or special, subject to

alteration by the commanding officer

---- general execution of decrees against persons, how to be enforced,

and demands how to be satisfied ----

— * special ditto ditto ----

-- in places beyond the Company’s territories suits may be brought

for any amount; in such places, courts to be composed of European officers; and if amount of claim exceed 200 rupees, appeal shall lie to the nearest Sudder Court ----

operation of Act when to commence

Military Stores, exportation of, from the East India Company’s territories without licence prohibited; arms, ammunition, and stores exported without licence, declared liable to forfeiture, and persons offending contrary to this Act, how punishable ----

— deposit of gunpowder exceeding 60 lbs. without licence, how

punishable ----

local government may order export of, without licence

Minors, arrears of revenue due on estates belonging to. See Lands. Municipal Law for Madras amended; the particular purposes to which assessments shall be applicable specifically declared -

- assessments to be sufficient for all the purposes; rates not to be

increased without sanction of Governor in Council - -

— — justices shall publish particulars of all sums laid out, and of

the expenses of collection and deficiencies during the preceding quarter - - - - - - - - - -

two-thirds in number and value of the ratepayers of any divi-

sion may undertake assessment, collection, and management of the rates of such division, provided a scheme to be presented by them shall be approved by the Governor of Madras, ana that the outlay of the collections is not limited to such division alone -

Governor in Council may appoint assessors and collectors, and

make union of offices, and may prescribe rules and take securities for the due execution of this Act - - - - -

names of oivners of houses, &c. not necessary to be specified in

assessment rates or warrants of distress; identity of property rated, and name of the street and number of house sufficient

ACT. SECTION.

XL • I.

99 II.

99 III.

99 IV.

99 V.

99 VI.

99 VII.

99 VIII.

99 IX.

99 X.

99 XI.

99 XII.

99 XIII.

99 XIV.

99 XV.

99 XVI.

, XVII.

99 XVIII.

XVIII. I.

99 II.

99 III.

XXII. I.

99 II.

99 III.

99 IV.

99 V.

99 VI.

(continued)

344-


60

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

ACT.

Municipal Law for Madras amended; goods and chattels of owners of rated property shall be seizable anywhere for deficiency in payment of rates, as also property found upon premises for arrears due for one year; tenants how to reimburse themselves for property thus seized - XXII. property liable to distress when concealed in the zenana, how

to be seized ---- - n

any one justice of the peace for the town of Madras may issue

a warrant of distress ---- ,

N.

Native Soldiers, actions of debt against. See Military Courts of Requests. Nuisances affecting the public health in markets in the islands of Bombay and Colaba, how punishable - ----

local, of the nature mentioned, may be prevented by magistrates

- — magistrates how to punish persons for disobedience of order;

expenses incurred by magistrates for removing noxious or dangerous articles, how to be reimbursed; magistrates may order tanks or wells to be fenced ----

-... — parties objecting to magistrate’s injunctions, may refer the ques-

tion at variance to a jury, according to whose decision the magistrates shall act; magistrates how to act for neglect of such parties in the appointment of a jury, and for the jury not deciding the question within the fixed period ----

---- magistrate’s orders shall be subject to appeal - - - -

— Act not applicable to local limits of Her Majesty’s courts

XIV.

XXI.

n

99

o.

Oaths of Qualification by justices of the peace. See Justices. Obstructions in thoroughfares and public places, removal of. See Nuisances.

Obstructions to justice, by menaces or gestures in the Company’s courts, how punishable. Appeals shall lie to the proper authorities. Persons amenable to the Supreme Courts shall be indicted as for a misdemeanor in any of the above cases sustainable before this Act, if no proceedings shall have been instituted before the court offended ... courts of revenue authorities may inflict like punishment for

similar offence. Appeals may lie to superior revenue authorities, and orders to be carried into effect by the magistrate on application

---- certain regulations relating to, rescinded. See Regulations

Offenders amenable to Articles of War for Company’s native force, not beings commissioned officers, punishable under Act XXIII. of 1839. See Camp Followers.

Ownership of vessels. See Ships.

XXX.

99

99

P.

Palankeens let to hire in Bombay, Colaba, and Harbour of Bombay. See Conveyances.

Penalties awarded under Act III. of 1841; how to be levied by Court of Petty Sessions and single magistrate in Bombay. See Fines.

Penalties upon arrears of land revenue abolished. See Land.

under Act XXV. of 1840, regarding Abkaree revenue. See

Abkaree.

Perjury and subornation of perjury committed before Military Courts of Requests, how punishable. See Military Courts of Requests.

Personal Actions, defendants in, with certain exceptions mentioned, may pay into Her Majesty's court money by way of compensation or amends ----

Prisoners, trial of, charged with certain offences within the islands of Bombay, Colaba, and Harbour of Bombay, by Court of Petty Sessions and single magistrates in police. See Court of Petty Sessions and Magistrates.

— ..discharge of, for contempt of Supreme Courts and nonpayment

of costs, &c. See Contempt.

Probates, grants of, for the collection of debts, &c. See Debts.

Property stolen or received, knowing it to have been stolen, restoration of, in cases tried under Act III. of 1841, how to be enforced. See Court of Petty Sessions and Magistrates.

Putteedarree Estates, better providing for collection of government revenue, and defining interest conveyed by public sales for arrears in; existing regulations relating to, insufficient ----

----definition of a lumbardar and a putteedar

— ----specification of modes of duress against recognized

putteedars ----

XXVI.

I.

99

99

SECTION.

VII.

VIII. IX.

I.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

I.

II.

III.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1841.

61

ACT.

SECTION.

Putteedarree Estates; any putteedar or othermembers of the coparcenary may, upon conditions, take a puttee if sold to a stranger

* collectors may employ methods as prescribed,under

limitation and control of government or subordinate authorities

— ---- — — sale of any puttee, how to be conducted. After

confirmation of sale the puttee to be absolute property of purchaser, with exception mentioned ----

— by executing what engagement members of puttees

sold or transferred shall be entitled to cultivate lands. Rates of rent how to be fixed in case of disagreement ----

. --- — — — what shall constitute sufficient evidence of money

paid, and arrear due by a puttee, and papers containing same, where to be filed ----

I.

yy

jy

yy

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

- - — collector to give possession to purchasers and trans-

ferees, as authorized by Clause 3, Section 23, Regulation VII. 1822 - — Act not to bar the right of government to hold the

entire body of proprietors and the entire estate responsible for the whole jumma - -- -- -- -- -

— — Governor-general in Council may extend this Act

to any district ----

yy

yy

yy

IX.

X.

XI.

R.

Real Estate; executors or administrators of deceased persons may maintain, under stat. 3 & 4 Will. 4, c. 42, an action of trespass or trespass on the case for injuries to the real estate of such deceased persons. Similar action may be brought against executors or administrators for wrong committed by the deceased persons to the real or personal property of other persons - -- -- -- -

Rebellion, trial of. See State Offences.

Registry of Ships. See Ships.

Registrar of Supreme Courts may execute deeds or instruments, make transfers or levy fines on parties refusing, when ordered to do so by the said courts in equity. See Contempt.

Regulation XI. of 1822, of the Bengal Code, modified in certain respects -Regulations for the examination of absent witnesses in any presidency, repealed - -- -- -- -- --

. — ----concerning Military Courts of Requests, repealed

----of the Bengal Code relating to revenue on lands rescinded;

viz. — Section 2, Regulation XIV. 1793; Section 2, Regulation III. 1794; Regulation XI. 1822 (except Sections 36 and 38), and Regulation VII. 1830 - - - -.................................

IX. of 1819, Section 7, of the Bengal Code, repealed -

. , XXIII. of 1814, Clause 2, Section 27, of the Bengal Code,

repealed - -- -- -- -- --

....... — VI. of 1816, Clause 2, Section 26, of the Madras Code, repealed

— - ----XXIII. 1814, Section 42, and further proviso in Section 74

and Regulation XII. of 1825, Clauses 2 and 3, Sections 5 and 6, of the Bengal Code, repealed ----

— of the Bengal Code concerning powers of criminal courts

respecting appeals and revision of sentences of a lower court by a higlier, repealed ----

- concerning process for trial of state offences modified for the sake of uniformity at the several presidencies -

Rents on under-tenures in estates sold for arrears of revenue, may be enhanced by purchasers, under restrictions mentioned. See Lands. — arrears of, due to deceased lessor; executors may recover by distraint - -- -- -- -- --

Revenue, government, arrears of, in putteedarree estates. See Putteedarree Estates.

— on lands, law for the better collection of. See Lands.

— authorities, contempt of the courts of, by gesture or menaces.

See Obstructions to Justice.

Rule, Ordinance and Regulation I. of 1814, and certain provisions of ditto ditto, Regulation II. of 1827, of the Bombay Code, extended to single magistrate - -- -- -- -- -

----of the Bombay Code, Article I. Title XIV., and Article III.

Title XV. of R. O., and Regulation II. of 1827, repealed Rules of practice for the courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut in Bengal, may be framed by them from time to time Rum and Rum Shrub, the produce of any foreign country, if imported into the presidency of Bengal, shall be confiscated except as mentioned -

— - ---- a declaration in the prescribed form, before the

proper authority, shall entitle an owner of, or his agent, to a certificate of origin - -- -- -- -- -

— ---- officers before whom declarations shall have been

made shall grant certificate in form prescribed -

344- h 3

XXVI. i.

I. X.

VII. i.

XI. i.

XII. n.

XV. i.

XXIX. in.

yy yy

XXX. hi.

XXXI. i.

V. i.

XXVI. VIII.

III. IV.

III. IX.

XVII. II.

VI. I.

yy II.

yy III.

(continued)

62

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

Rum and Rum Shrub, shippers of, to the United Kingdom, to produce to the customs collector the certificate of origin, and subscribe before him a declaration in directed form ----

" - the officer before whom the declaration shall have

been made, shall grant a certificate under a specified form

— ----owners ofy intended for exportation, or their agents,

will not be entitled to a certificate unless the spirits be the produce of a licensed distillery ----

— ----intended for export to United Kingdom, how to

be manufactured, and what declaration and verification necessary for obtaining a certificate - -- -- -- -

. ..............- any brought to the custom-house for export, if found

adulterated, shall be confiscated, and the party on whose declaration certificate of manufacture shall have been granted, also the party verifying the same, shall be proceeded against, and in what manner

----persons making or causing false declarations, and

officers of government attesting to their verity, how to be dealt with - The Rum Act, No. VI., extended to the presidency of Fort St. George, under Act No. XXIII. of 1841, with the addition of the following section: —

Rum and Rum Shrub, distilleries for the manufacture of, in the presidency of Fort St. George, not to be established without a licence under Regulation I. of 18*20, of the Madras Code, in default of which, persons how to be punished ----

Ryots in putteedarree estates, certain recognized rights of, protected

ACT.

vr.

99

jy

yy

yj

T9

XXIII.

I.

s.

Sales of land for arrears of government revenue regulated. See Lands.

Security by Calcutta residents in suits in the Mofussil Court unnecessary, with reference to Act XXIII. of 1840 ----

" - - for costs in proceedings before courts of Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, in Bengal, declared unnecessary -Sentences of Criminal Courts, revision of. See Criminal Appeals.

Sheriff may seize books and articles when refused by parties to deliver. See Contempts.

Ships belonging to ports within the Company’s territories or to native states, or their subjects, entitled to the privileges of British ships

— certificate of registry at ports within the Company’s territories will

entitle them to the privilege of British ships; form of certificate annexed - -- -- -- -- --

---- ports declared for the registry of; ships built at other than such ports

may be allowed to make their first voyage under a certificate of the kind mentioned to any of the legalized ports, where they are intended to beiregistered. Owners or masters, how to be punished if ships, after arrival at the port of registry, are not registered within a reasonable time - -- -- -- -- -

---- what authorities shall make registry and grant certificate

---- a book of registry to be kept by the registering officer, and in what

manner; a copy of the certificate granted to be sent to the government of the presidency, with the number of the certificate

— — no registry to be made or certificate granted until a declaration to the effect mentioned be subscribed before the registering officer by the owners - -- -- -- -- --

---- if the required number of joint owners do not attend to subscribe the

prescribed declaration, what further declaration necessary on the part of the attending owners as to the cause of the absence of the part owners - -- -- -- -- --

---- previous to registering or granting certificates, what course to be

adopted for ascertaining such particulars of the build, description, and admeasurement, as specified in the certificate -

---- rules of measurement for ascertaining the tonnage of ships

---- ditto - - ditto - - of steam vessels - - - - -

---- what alteration in steam-vessels would require new registry -

---- rule for ascertaining tonnage of laden ships -

— registered tonnage, how to be marked, and in what part of the ship -

---- country crafts employed in coasting voyages, of 200 tons burden,

may be registered and marked as prescribed ----

---- registered tonnage to be repeated on every subsequent registry,

except as mentioned -

---- fraudulent use of certificates will render them void, and the master

or owner proved to have committed the offence, howr to be punished. Under what circumstances certificates should be delivered up, and in default the masters or owners will be liable to what punishment -

XV.

XVII.

X.

99

99

99

yy

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

SECTION.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII. IX.

X.

VI.

I.

II.

il.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1841.

63

ACT. SECTION.

Ships; change of masters, how to be noted down, on certificates delivered

to the proper officer; non-delivery of it, how punishable - X. XVI.

owners not competent to give any name to ships other than that by which she is registered; names of ships, how to be painted; loading ships before such painting, and calling them by fictitious names, how punishable ---- 11 XVII.

— — persons applying for certificate of registry to produce a certificate of building, and to make a declaration as to the accuracy of the particulars therein mentioned - -- -- -- - 77 XVIII.

loss of certificate of registry how to be provided for, whether the ship be at the time at or out of port. Certificates found after being mislaid to be delivered to proper officers of customs to be cancelled ; what will be the consequence of the non-delivery and illegal use of such certificate ---- Yf XIX.

— — detention of certificates of registry by persons having an interest in the ship or not, how to be provided for, and persons detaining the same how to be punished - -- -- -- - 77 XX.

— alterations in a ship after registry, or in the ownership thereof, shall render it necessary for her being registered de novo; on failure whereof the ship to be deemed as not duly registered, and persons using the certificate when the ship ought to have been registered de novo, how to be punished ---- tf XXI.

— proof of ownership of vessels or otherwise, how to be obtained without entailing the necessity of personal attendance of the registering officers in courts or the production of original papers 19 XXII.

. false declarations, falsifying documents, making use of falsified documents, and granting false certificates, how punishable XXIII.

British, owned by native princes or their subjects, may continue to enjoy the privileges thereof under a pass granted by the government under restrictions mentioned. Ships built within native dominions and owned by them, may also enjoy the same privileges, under a similar pass, provided the ships be commanded by a British subject - -- -- -- -- -- 91 XXIV.

- fees for the grant of certificates or passes to be fixed according to the directions of the Governor-General in Council - 71 XXV.

registered under this Act shall belong to ports at which they shall be registered. Ships built and registered before the passing of this Act exempted from the operation of its provisions - 79 XXVI.

proclamation of the Governor-General in Council declaring; the privileges of ships built within the territories of the East India Company - . .. - - . - - - 17 99

Soldiers, native, actions of debts against, to an amount limited, cognizable by Military Courts of Requests. See Military Courts of Requests. Special Case, parties in any action or information in the Supreme Courts may be allowed to try a point of law by means of, without formalities ---- XXVI. V.

Spirits in casks, import duty on, how to be regulated. See Wines. State Offences, modification of regulations affecting process for trials of, for the sake of uniformity at the different presidencies. Ordinary tribunals may try charges of treason, rebellion, or other crime against the state - y. I.

government of any presidency may issue a commission for the trial of, by one or more judges, with or without law officers 77 II.

-- — courts convened under such commissions, how to try prisoners, what powers to exercise and with what exceptions, and how to be guided - -- -- -- -- -- 77 III.

— — — providing for the death or absence from indisposition of any of the judges or law officers of courts appointed under this Act - 79 IV.

the highest criminal courts of the respective presidencies, on receipt of trials howto proceed, and with what exceptions, with reference to rules for other trials, and how long to wait before carrying their sentences into execution ---- 77 V.

— magistrates of districts where persons shall be charged with, shall give immediate notice to the government of the presidency, and act according to their order for the apprehension and trial of parties 99 VI.

*- - — Act not to affect jurisdiction of the Supreme Courts - 91 VII.

Statute 11 Geo. 4 and 1 Will. 4, c. 40, better providing for the disposal of the undisposed of residues of the effects of testators, extended to the East India Company’s territories ---- XXIV. I.

- — ii Geo. 4 and 1 Will. 4, c. 46, relating to illusory appointments, and stat. 11 Geo. 4, and 1 Will. 4, c. 65, for consolidating and amending the law relating to property of infants, femes coverts, idiots, lunatics, and persons of unsound mind, extended to the East India Company’s territories ---- II.

344. h 4 (continued)

64

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

ACT.

SECTION.

Statute 11 Geo. 4 and 1 Will. 4, c. 60, respecting conveyances of estates and funds vested in trustees and mortgagees, and for enabling courts of equity to give effect to their orders in certain cases, extended to the Company’s territories, and provisions relating to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain or to Courts of Chancery, or their decrees, made applicable to Supreme Courts. The indemnity and discharge mentioned in the last section of the same Act shall be applicable to the East India Company and corporate societies, their officers and servants ----

XXIV.

III.

— — Sections 10 and 11 of 11 Geo. 4 and 1 Will. 4, c. 47, amending the law9 for facilitating the payment of debts out of real estate, extended to East India Company’s territories - - -

Act to affect cases governed by English law -

.. — — . 3 & 4 Will. 4, c. 42; certain provisions of, for the further amendment of the law and the better advancement of justice, extended to the Company’s territories ----

- — 33 Geo. 3, c. 52, regarding assessments for the town of Madras,

modified. See Municipal Law.

Successions to moveable and immoveable property left by deceased persons, how to be protected from wrongful possession without the institution of a regular suit; application to be made to the judge of the district by persons claiming a right to such property when possession thereof is taken by another person, or forcible possession is apprehended

in cases of minor, disqualified or absent heirs, who to make such an application - - -

the judge to make what preliminary inquiries before acting

upon the application ----

99

99

XXVI.

XIX.

99

99

IV.

V.

I.

I.

II.

III.

— — the judge may summarily determine the right of possession, and may on application appoint an officer to secure the property pending the prescribed inquiries ----

----in what cases the judge may appoint curators to take charge of

property, and how long their authority shall continue in force. In cases of land who to be appointed curator - - - - -

— — terms for the continuance of the curators in possession of property defined ; the judge to have discretionary power to allow the party in possession to continue in such possession on giving security

— the judge shall take security from curators and for what purposes ; how they are to be remunerated; monies realized by them, now to be disposed of; delay in taking security not to prevent curators being immediately invested with power ----

----in cases of lands paying revenue to government, the judge to

act according to the collector’s report, with regard to the citation of the party in possession and the appointment oi a curator, except in urgent cases - -- -- -- -- -

....curator to be subject to the order of the judge in matters of

litigation; express authority requisite for their collection of debts or rents ----

----judges may make an allowance to parties having a prrma facie

right to property while under the curator’s custody - - -

— — curator to file periodical accounts of his administration and detailed account on giving up possession -

— — the accounts to be open to inspection of all parties interested, who may appoint persons to keep a duplicate account; curator’s neglect in the preparation of accounts, how punishable - - -

— appointment of more than one curator by judges of different

districts for the administration of portions of estates, how to be regulated; the Sudder Dewanny Adawlut may appoint one curator of the whole property - - - - - - - - -

----operation of Act restricted to application to the judge within

six months of the proprietor’s decease ----

---- Act not to contravene any public act of settlement, nor any

direction given by the deceased proprietor for the possession of his property after death - -- -- -- --

----Court of Wards to act as curators if already in possession of

property of a minor, on whose behalf application is made, and to have possession of the same if the minor be entitled thereto

----parties whose application has been rejected, or who have been

dispossessed, may bring a regular suit ----

— decision of the judge on the summary suit, as regards possession, to be final ----

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1842.

65

ACT. SECTION.

Successions; local governments may appoint public curators for any district, they being nominated by the judge ---- XIX. XIX.

Supreme Courts under what circumstances may authorize the ecclesiastical registrar, or one or more curators to take charge of property within their jurisdiction, the right of succession to which is uncertain - -- -- -- -- -- 9f XX.

Suits and Appeals neglected to be proceeded in for six weeks to be dismissed without previous notice or proceeding, or assigning any reason ; iher time allowable on special application ---- XXIX. I.

— in cases of dismissal of, defendants and respondents to be entitled to costs, such dismissal however not to bar institution of a new suit or appeal - -- -- -- -- II.

certain Regulations repealed. See Regulations. Appeals not to lie against decisions passed under this Act, other than a summary appeal on the fact of default ---- Supreme Courts; law' as administered in, regarding undisposed of residue of the eff ects of testators, illusory appointments, transfer of estates by persons under disabilities, and better management of the property of such persons. See Statute. r> III.

how to proceed in cases of adverse claim upon par- ties not having a right in the property claimed, but which belongs to a third party. See Claims. under what circumstances may authorize the ecclesias- tical registrar or curators to take charge of property within their jurisdiction, the right of succession to w'hich is uncertain XIX. XX.

may act according to stat. 11 Geo. 4 and 1 Will. 4, c. 60, as regards Lord Chancellor of Great Britain or Courts of Chancery or their decrees - -- -- -- - XXIV. III.

T. Tanks adjacent to thoroughfares, magistrates to order to be fenced. See Nuisances.

Tax on houses, &c. in Madras. See Municipal Law.

Ticka bearers in Bombay, Colaba, and Harbour of Bombay to wear badges, w’ith number of the palkces to wdiich they belong IV. III.

Trades, injurious to public health, how to be suppressed. See Nuisances.

Transfer ordered by Her Majesty’s Court in Equity; parties refusing to make, how to be enforced. See Contempt.

Treason, trial of. See State Offences.

Trespass, action of, or trespass on the case in the Supreme Court for injuries done to the estates of deceased persons during their lifetime ; also for injuries done by deceased persons to the real or personal property of another during their lifetime. See Real Estate.

- - damages in actions of, in the nature of interest. See Damages.

Trover, action of. See Claims.

damages in actions of, in the nature of interest. See Damages.

w.

Wager of Law disallowed - -- -- -- -- XXVI. II.

Weights and Measures, fraudulent use of in markets in the islands of Bombay and Colaba, how' punishable ---- XIV. I.

found false on examination to be destroyed ; obstruction to such examination, how punishable - - - II.

Well* adjacent to thoroughfares, magistrates to order to be fenced. See Nuisances.

Wines and Spirits in casks, import duty on, how to be regulated ; what allow ance to be made for ullage when lodged in bonded w arehouses - XIII. I.

Witnesses, absent, declaring a more uniform and improved process for examination of; regulation relating to repealed - VII. I.

courts wnthin the Company’s territories may, in cases of civil proceedings, order examination of, either within or without their respective jurisdictions ---- v> II.

344. I ( )

66

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, 1841.

ACT. SECTION-.

Witnesses; courts, in issuing orders for the examination of within their respective jurisdictions, may direct the attendance of persons at their own house or elsewhere, and the production of documents; disobedience of order to be contempt of court, and punishable as such; compensation to be made to witnesses as usual - VII. III.

99 IV.

— what inquiries by courts necessary before issuing orders for the examination of, within their jurisdiction, or issuing commissions to courts of other districts for that purpose ; issue of commission how to be regulated, and the same how to be executed; deposition to be read in evidence with the consent of the party against whom the same may be offered, except as mentioned; proof of signature to certificates of deposition unnecessary ---- V.

Company's courts may generally direct commissions to Courts of Requests for execution within the local limits of Her Majesty’s courts ---- 99 VI.

commissions may be issued for execution in native states in alliance with the Company, and persons there in the service of the East India Company, required to obey the commission, and for disobedience and false testimony such persons how to be dealt with 99 VII.

» — courts receiving orders for the examination of; may punish disobedience of such orders as a contempt ---- 99 VIII.

. — names of, in cases in the Supreme Courts, objected to on the ground that the judgment would be in evidence for and against them, may be directed to be indorsed on record ---- neglecting to attend or refusing to give evidence before Mili- tary Courts of Requests, how to be punished. See Military Courts of Requests. XXVI. VI.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

67

ACTS of the Government of India; 1842. ACTS of l84«.

ACT No. I. of 1842.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 10th January 1842.

An Act for better regulating the Sale of Opium and other Intoxicating Drugs

within the Town of Calcutta.

It is hereby enacted, that all laws and regulations prohibiting the sale of spirituous liquors within the town of Calcutta, except under licences, and regulating the granting such licences, and for inflicting penalties for breach of the conditions thereof, or for selling spirituous liquors without having obtained such licences, shall be applicable to the sale of opium and other intoxicating drugs within the town of Calcutta.

ACT No. II. of 1842.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council

on the 28th March 1842.

An Act for providing for the Exercise of certain Powers by the Governor-General during his Absence from the Council of India.

I. Whereas it is expedient that the Governor-General should visit the North Western Provinces and other parts of India, unaccompanied by any Member of the Council of India, it is enacted that during the absence of the Governor-General from Calcutta, it shall be lawful for the Governor-General alone to exercise all the powers which may be exercised by the Governor-General in Council, except always the power of making laws and regulations.

II. And it is further enacted, that this Act shall commence from the day on which it shall be notified by an Order published in the Official Gazette, that the Governor-General has quitted Calcutta for the purpose of so proceeding as aforesaid.

ACT No. III. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 22d of July 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for extending the Provisions of Act XXI. of 1839, to certain Petty Thefts, not being cases of simple Larceny.

Whereas it has been found that property has been rendered insecure in many cases, by reason of the impunity with which petty thefts, not being simple larcenies, have been committed, it is hereby enacted, that Act No. XXI. of 1839, shall be extended to the following cases, where the property stolen does not exceed in value 20 rupees, that is to say, to stealing any goods or merchandize in any vessel, barge, or boat of any description whatsoever, or from any dock, wharf or quay ; to stealing, by any servant, any chattel or money belonging to or in possession or power of his master; to stealing any chattel or money from the person of another.

344- 12

ACTS of 1842. 68 ACTS OF THE ACT No. IV. of 1842. Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 22d July 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor- General of India. For the better Management of Boats and Catamarans in the Madras Roads, and for the Amendment of certain Harbour Regulations. I. Whereas it is expedient to make regulations for boats and catamarans employed in the Madras Roads, with a view to the better preservation of good order, the prevention of smuggling, and the general protection of life and property ; and whereas certain rules now in force for the harbour of Madras require amendment; It is hereby enacted, that from and after the 1st day of September next, no person, either as owner or servant, shall use or employ, or be employed in, any boat or catamaran to carry passengers, goods, or letters, to or from any ship or vessel lying in the Madras Roads and shore, unless such owners or owner of boats and catamarans shall have previously received a licence, and unless the boat or catamaran which such owners or owner, servants or servant shall so use, has been registered as hereinafter mentioned, and in case any person who has not received such licence shall employ or be employed in a boat or catamaran for the purposes aforesaid, or such boat or catamaran shall not have been so registered, such person shall be liable to a fine not exceeding the sum of 50 rupees on conviction before a justice of the peace, as that justice shall direct, and the boat or catamaran shall be liable to be seized by the orders of any justice of the peace and forfeited. II. And it is hereby enacted, that upon the master attendant being satisfied that any such boat is of the proper dimensions and capacity, and that the same is seaworthy, and of a proper quality for the purposes aforesaid, and upon the application of the owner of any such boat or of any catamaran, and upon such owner delivering to him a written paper signed by such owner, specifying his name, occupation, and place of residence, and the names and places of residence of all such boatmen or other persons as shall be employed by such owner in and about the navigation and management of such boat, as particularly as may be, and also subscribing to a declaration in writing that he fully understands all the provisions of this Act, and those contained in the Subsidiary Rules to the same Act, it shall and may be lawful, and the said master attendant is hereby required to grant to such owner a licence so to use the same, in which licence (if of a boat) shall be expressed the dimensions, the number of passengers or the quantity of goods which such boat shall be permitted to take and carry, and every such licence shall also contain a number for such boat or catamaran, and the name or names, occupation or occupations, and place or places of residence of the owner or owners thereof, and the number of the servants or crew who shall be used or employed to row or navigate the same, and their names and places of residence respectively, all of which particulars shall be entered in a book or registry for that purpose to be kept by the master attendant, and so often as the property in any such boat or catamaran, or any share of the same, shall be transferred, every owner of such boat or catamaran shall produce his licence before the said master attendant, and such new owner shall also deliver to him a written paper signed by such new owner, specifying his name, occupation, and place of residence, and the names and places of residence of all such boatmen or other persons as he shall employ or propose to employ in and about the navigation and management of such boat, as particularly as may be, and shall also subscribe to a declaration in writing that he fully understands all the provisions of this Act, and those contained in the Subsidiary Rules to this Act, all which said particulars shall be duly entered by the said master attendant in a new registry to be made by him of such boat or catamaran, and thereupon a new licence to use such boat or catamaran, expressing and containing the same particulars as are hereinbefore provided to be expressed in the original licence shall be granted by the said master attendant, and whenever any such owner or owners, or any of the boatmen or other persons employed to manage or navigate any such boat or catamaran, shall change his or their place of abode, notice of such change of abode shall be delivered to the said master attendant by

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

69

by the said owner, in order that such new place of abode may be entered in the ACTS of 184a.

registry and licence. In wilful neglect or default of which notice of change of----

ownership, or of the persons employed to row or navigate any such boat, or of his or their or any or either of their change of residence, for the space of six days after any such change of residence, the owner shall forfeit a sum not exceeding 60 rupees on conviction before a justice of the peace; as that justice shall direct, and for every such new registration to be made by the said master attendant as aforesaid, he shall be entitled to charge by way of fee the sum of one rupee, and for every new licence thereof the sum of one rupee.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that in order to enable the said master attendant to grant a correct licence of the registry of every such boat previous to the registry of any boat requiring such licence, the said master attendant or his deputy shall in the presence of the owrner of every such boat or any other person duly appointed by such owner, cause each such boat to be surveyed and measured, and in case the same shall not in the judgment of the said master attendant or his deputy be of the proper dimensions and capacity, and seaworthy, and of the proper quality for the purposes aforesaid, no registry shall be made nor licence be granted, until every such defect in the admeasurement, seaworthiness and quality of the said boat shall have been rectified by the owner thereof, and for every such survey and admeasurement a fee of three rupees shall be paid by the owner of any such boat to the said master attendant.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that the said owner or owners of every such boat shall forthwith paint in black Engligh figures, not less than six inches in length upon a white ground, such white ground having a margin of at least three inches beyond the outermost part of the figures, on a conspicuous part of the bow on one side, and of the quarter on the other, and in a legible and distinct manner from left to right, the number in such registry and licence mentioned; and if any person shall fraudulently paint or counterfeit, or cause or permit to be painted or counterfeited upon any boat, any figure not having been duly registered, every such person shall forfeit the sum of 100 rupees, and every such boat shall also be forfeited.

V. And for the better prevention of fraud or omission in the painting the figures hereinbefore provided to be painted on all boats let out for hire, as well as for the better distinguishing and identifying such boats and catamarans as have been registered and licensed, it is hereby enacted, that so often as any registry is made, the said master attendant shall cause the number in the same to be cut or branded in the most common native characters, in some part or parts of every such boat and catamaran, and if the owner or owners of any such boat shall neglect or refuse to keep painted, cut or branded, any figure hereinbefore required to be painted, cut or branded on any such boat or catamaran, in a fair and legible condition, or if he shall paint, cut or brand the same in a different manner, or on a different part of such boat than is hereinbefore provided, or shall wilfully erase, obliterate or in any way hide or conceal the same, or if the owner of any such boat or catamaran shall knowingly permit any such act to be done, he shall forfeit a sum not exceeding 100 rupees on conviction before a justice of the peace, as that justice shall direct, and if any person not being such owner shall be guilty of or shall assist in any such incorrect painting, cutting, branding, erasure or concealment, he shall forfeit one moiety of the penalty in this article imposed.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that every boat of the description and dimensions now in use (that is to say), not more than 33 feet in length, nine feet in breath, and four feet four inches in depth, nor less than 30 feet in length, six feet in breadth, and three feet six inches in depth, which shall be so licensed and registered as aforesaid, shall be manned with not less than two steersmen, eight rowers, and one baler; and shall, if required, be obliged to carry at one time any number of passengers not exceeding 15, or any quantities of goods not exceeding the quantity mentioned in the Schedule A. hereunder written: and in case boats of different construction and dimentions shall be licensed and registered, they shall be manned in such manner and shall be obliged to carry such passengers or such a quantity of goods as the master attendant shall direct and shall express in the licence, under the penalty of 50 rupees.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that if any boat be loaded with passengers or cargo beyond the number or quantity specified in the licence granted to such

344. 1 3 boat.

70

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1842. boat, the tindal of such boat shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five rupees,

---- on conviction before a justice of the peace, for every such surplus passenger and

for every candy weight of such cargo beyond such specified quantity, and the owner of such boat shall be liable to a fine of 50 rupees, on conviction before a justice of the peace, for every such surplus passenger or surplus candy weight of cargo. And every person other than the tindal or owner who shall be guilty, either as principal or accessory, of the like offence of overloading any boat, shall be liable to a fine of 10 rupees, on conviction before a justice of the peace, for every such surplus passenger or surplus candy weight of cargo.

VIII. And it hereby enacted, that no boat or cataramaran so licensed shall leave the shore before gun-fire in the morning, nor after five o’clock in the afternoon, nor shall remain alongside any ship or vessel after six o’clock in the afternoon, without leave from the master attendant or his deputy, who shall be at liberty to prevent any boat or catamaran from putting off to or from the shore when in his judgment the doing so would be attended with danger; on which occasions the master attendant shall hoist at the mast-head of his flag-staff the following flags, viz.: the white pendent with a red ball under a red and white chequered flag; and in case any person offend against this clause he shall be liable, on conviction before a justice of the peace, to forfeit and pay a sum not greater than 30 rupees.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that on the 15th day of December in every year the owners of boats and catamarans which have been so licensed and registered as aforesaid, shall expose them and their crews on the beach for the inspection of the Marine Board, and the master attendant shall once in every month or oftener, and as often as he may think necessary, require the owner of the said boats and catamarans, or any one or more of them, to expose them and their crews on the beach for his inspection; and in case any owner shall neglect or refuse so to expose a boat or catamaran belonging to him, and in case, on any boat or catamaran being so exposed, the master attendant shall deem it unsea-worthy, or that its crew is in an inefficient state, he shall suspend the licence granted in respect thereof until the said boat or catamaran shall have been repaired and the crew rendered efficient to the satisfaction of the master attendant ; and it is hereby declared, that in case the owner of any such boat or catamaran shall refuse or neglect to make such necessary repairs to the same, and to render efficient the crew thereof, within one month after such inspection, the licence shall altogether be withdrawn from such boat.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that grain shall be landed within the space between the north angle of the Custom-house and Clive’s Battery, and all other goods, excepting timber, shall be landed within the space between the north angle of the Custom-house and the south angle of Bentinck’s Buildings, and that timber may be landed anywdiere if the permission of the collector of sea customs be first obtained ; and if such permission shall not have been obtained, it shall be landed within the space between the north angle of the Custom-house and Clive’s Battery ; and in case any person shall land or be engaged in attempting to land any goods otherwise than as before directed, every such person shall be liable to pay, on conviction before a justice of the peace, a sum not greater than 100 rupees, as that justice of the peace shall determine.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that all vessels other than those commonly known as native vessels or donies shall anchor in the South Roads, the north angle of the fort being one point, and the master attendant’s flag-staff the other; and all vessels commonly known as native vessels or donies shall anchor in the North Roads, the north angle of the Custom-house being the southern, and the village of Royapooram the northern point; and the owner of any licensed boat or catamaran, on holding (except at the request of the master attendant) communication with a vessel which shall be anchored otherwise than as aforesaid, shall on conviction thereof before a justice of the peace, be liable to pay a sum not greater than 10 rupees, as such justice of the peace shall direct.

XII. And it hereby enacted, that the owner or owners of all boats and catamarans kept for the purpose of being commonly let out for hire, shall when the same shall not be engaged in doing actual service for hire, by themselves or their agents give daily attendance at the boat-office from five a. m. to six p. m., so as to be ready to provide upon immediate notice their boats or catamarans lor service or hire, and that for any neglect in so giving attendance (unless occasioned

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

71

"by sufficient excuse) such owners shall be punishable by a justice of the peace, ACTS of 184a. on conviction, by a fine not exceeding 10 rupees. 1

XIII. And i t is hereby enacted, that if any owner of a boat or catamaran so licensed, or any person deputed by him, shall demand a rate of hire beyond that which is sanctioned by Schedule B., under the several circumstances and restrictions therein provided for, he shall, on conviction before a justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of 10 rupees, together with the amount of such hire.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that any owner of a boat or catamaran so licensed, “ and kept or employed for the purpose of being let out commonly on hire,” or any person deputed by him, refusing to let on hire such boat or catamaran, for public or private use, and within the hours and in the terms specified in the Schedule B. to this Act, without assigning such cause for his refusal as shall be deemed satisfactory or reasonable to the justice of the peace trying such offence will, on conviction before a justice of the peace, be liable to the penalty of 20 rupees, and for a second refusal to a fine of 100 rupees, and to the forfeit of his licence.

XV. And it hereby enacted, that if any boatman or boatmen serving in any boat or catamaran kept and employed for the purpose of being let out commonly on hire to carry passengers, cargo, or letters, shall by wilful neglect or desertion of his duty, cause any impediment to the service of any such boat or catamaran, he or they shall for the first offence be liable to receive corporal punishment not exceeding three dozen lashes, on conviction before a justice of the peace, and if life shall have been thereby endangered, or in case of a second offence, he or they shall be committed to hard labour for a term not exceeding six months.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that the owners of boats or catamarans, which are kept or employed for the purpose of being commonly let out for hire, shall keep and provide for service during the night, that is to say, from six o’clock in the afternoon until six o’clock in the morning, at least ten boats and four catamarans with their respective crews, according to a course of rotation to be specified by the master attendant on the first, day of every current month, and to be notified in writing on some conspicuous part of his office, as regards the particular nights for the attendance of particular boats and catamarans; and every owner of any such boat or catamaran who shall fail to provide his boat or catamaran, without assigning such excuse for such failure as shall be deemed satisfactory or reasonable to the justice of the peace trying such offence shall, if the owner of a boat, on conviction before a justice of the peace, be liable to a penalty of 20 rupees, and for a second offence to the penalty of 50 rupees, and if the owner of a catamaran, be liable to the penalty of five rupees, and for a second offence to the penalty of 10 rupees.

XVII. And it hereby enacted, that every boat kept and employed for the purpose of being commonly let out for hire as aforesaid, shall be kept well and completely dunnaged and seaworthy, and in default thereof the owner or owners of every such boat or boats shall, upon conviction before a justice of the peace, forfeit for each instance of neglect the sum of five rupees ; and if any goods or cargo shall have received injury or damage thereby, the sum of 20 rupees besides, and over and above any legal liability, to compensate such loss; and if life shall have been endangered thereby, a sum not exceeding 100 rupees, and also be liable, at the discretion of such justice, to have his licence for such boat revoked.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that if any communication by boat or catamaran is held with any ship or vessel in the offing, or beyond the limits of the anchorage, before the master attendant’s report boat or catamaran has boarded such ship or vessel, the owner of such boat or catamaran shall forfeit the sum of 20 rupees ; and if any attempt is made to hold such a communication without the permission of the master attendant, he will incur a penaly of 10 rupees.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the master attendant or his deputy, the collector of sea customs or his deputy, and all sitting magistrates and qualified justices of the peace, or such person or persons as he or they shall by warrant under their hands duly authorize for that purpose, from time to time, to go on board any boat or catamaran, and to search all parts of such boat or catamaran for prohibited or uncustomed or smuggled goods, and also to examine into all packages, boxes, or baggage of whatever description, within or upon such boat or catamaran or landed therefrom, provided such master attendant or his deputy, or other person to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have good reason to suppose that any such package, box, or baggage contains any

344* 14 smuggled

72

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1843. smuggled or prohibited goods ; and they shall likwise have power and authority

---- to search any person or persons on board any such boat or catamaran, or who

may have landed therefrom, provided such master attendant or his deputy, or other person appointed as aforesaid, shall have good reason to suppose that such person or persons hath or have any uncustomed, smuggled, or prohibited goods secreted about his or her persons; provided always that no female shall be searched by any other person than a female, duly authorized for that purpose by the collector of customs. And it is hereby further enacted, that if any person shall resist or impede any or either of the said parties hereinbefore authorized to go on board, examine, and search as hereinbefore provided in the execution of their duty, or in any manner prevent the performance of such duty, every such person shall be liable, according to the circumstances of the case, and the quality of the party offending, upon conviction before a justice of the peace, to a fine not exceeding 100 rupees, or to imprisonment with or without hard labour on the roads or otherwise, for a period not exceeding six months; and in case any such offence be committed by any owner of a boat or catamaran, such owner shall likewise forfeit his licence.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, that the Sections III., IV., VII., VIII., IX., and X. of the Rule, Ordinance, and Regulation passed by the Governor in Council of Fort St. George, commonly called the Marine Police Regulation, be hereby cancelled and repealed.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, that the jurisdiction and authority ordained to be exercised by the master attendant and deputy master attendant for the time being of the port of Madras, jointly or severally, as justices of the peace, by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Regulation, shall and may be exercised (as regards such parts of the said Regulations not hereinbefore repealed) by any justices of the peace in and for the presidency of Madras in like manner jointly or severally.

XXII. And it hereby further enacted, that every person whatever who either as owner or servant, shall use or employ, or be employed in any boat or catamaran in the Madras roads shall be amenable to Sections XI., XII., and XIII. of the above-recited Regulation.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that Section XXXVf. of the above-recited Regulation shall hereafter apply to the fixing up at the offices therein mentioned copies of the same, omitting all other notice of those sections thereof which are by this Act repealed, save that the same are so repealed.

XXIV. And it hereby enacted, that all pecuniary forfeitures and penalties had or incurred under or against this Act, shall and may be heard and determined by any justice of the peace of the town of Madras, who is hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the same, and to issue his summons or warrant for bringing the party or parties complained of before him the said justice; and upon his, her, or their appearance or contempt and default, to hear the parties, examine witnesses, and to give judgment or sentence according as in and by this Act is directed; and it is hereby further declared, that it shall be lawful for any justice who may have adjudged any pecuniary penalty under the provisions of this Act, to award and issue out a warrant or warrants under his or their hands and seals, for the paying of such forfeitures and penalties as may be imposed or adjudged, upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and cause sale to be made of the same if they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any, after deducting the amount of such forfeiture or penalty, and the costs and charges attending the levying thereof; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, and such forfeitures and penalties shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for the justice as last aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required by warrant or warrants, under his hand and seal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding six months, unless such forfeitures and penalties and all reasonable charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and that all the said forfeitures when paid and levied shall, after deducting all necessary charges, and also a compensation, not exceeding one-third, to be settled and ascertained by the said justice before whom the conviction may take place, and to be given to the officer or other persons giving information and prosecuting, to be applied and disposed of according to the directions of the Honourable the Governor in Council.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA

73

ACT No. IV. of 1842. SCHEDULE (A.)

Schedule or Articles composing a Boat Load.

I. Goods taken by Weight or Measurement.

(These Articles are computed at Two Tons to a Boat Load.)

ARTICLES.

r boxes

Benjamin - m j bundles chests -

Biscuits - - bags - .

Boat oars - number -

Boots and shoes cases

Butts - number L r

Broad cloth m bales -

Button - m cases - 1

Beef - j tierces hogsheads

Carriage - - number r

Cotton, screwed bales J \

Ditto, loose • bags - i

Codjoor nuts Cocoa nuts - \ bundles number bags - -{ i

Chests • number

Ditto, half • -

Canvas - - bales r

Clothing - - bales J ]

Cheacoy - . bundles I

Chillies - m ditto -

Choya root - ditto -J t

Cochineal - boxes

Cinnamon - bags - -

Camphire - boxes -

Cloves - bags - -

Curry-stuff seeds

Dates - bags - -

Ditto - tons - -

Drugs - bags - -

Eating leaves - bundles -

Flour - casks -

Grain:

Ramiapatam bags - -j

Bengal - bags - 4

Glass ware - chests -j

Gunny - • bundles

Gunpowder - barrels

G allingale - bundles -

Gin - cases - -

Gun carriage - number -

Ginger, dry - bap - -

Hay - bales - -

Horns • number -

Hogsheads - number -

Hams m m number m

Fair

Weather.

25

60

12

30

100

8

6

3 8

10

12

6

8

6

1

8

10

12

16

10

1,000

1,500

25

20

4 8 4 8

10

12

20

20

6

8

12

35

12

40

25

35

2

12

40

8

20

25

25

30

6

12

0

12

25

30

25

30

1

30

8

1,000

6

120

344-

K

Foul Weather or

High Surf.

20

6

4

2

6

8

10

4

3

6

3

6

8

10

15

15

10

30

20

25

10

6

25

6

4

REMARKS.

small.

half.

small.

large.

large.

middling.

small.

of 300 lbs. of 250 lbs. of 150 lbs.

with husk, without ditto, small, large.

12 dozen.

6 ditto.

20 bolts each.

3 corges each. 2 - ditto.

1 - u •<

large.

small.

80 lbs. weight each bag. Ramiapatam bags, when from Bombay, when the packages are various.

shipping.

landing.

shipping.

landing.

whole.

half.

large.

small.

100 lbs. each. 60 - ditto.

- - complete with wheels, from 3 to 24-pounders.

74

ACTS OF THE

ARTICLES.

Indigo

Leaguers -Nankeen -Nuts

Pickle, Europe Palanquin

Piece goods

Pumpkins

Puncheons Pipes Ditto, half

Pork -

Pepper -

Rafts:

Artees

Bindoo plank Chittagong ditto

Duggies -

Mango ditto

Shinbeams

Spars

Rattans -

Reapers -Saddlery -Sharks’ fins

Sheathing boards

Soap nut -

Spices of all sorts

Stationery

Staves

Stick lac

Sugar

Ditto

Ditto of Batavia Ditto of Bengal Ditto - ditto - Ditto, China Sugar candy Ditto - ditto -Tents Tamarind Ditto, Bengal -Thread -Tobacco -

j

Packages.

chests

number boxes bags -boxes number

bales

number

number

number

number

tierces

casks

bags -

number

number

number

number

number

number

number

number

number cases -bundles

number

bags

bags -

cases -packs bags -bundles casks

lumps

canisters bags -chests

tubs -half ditto -

sets -bags -bags -bundles bags -

Fair W eather. Foul Weather or High Surf.

r s

i 12 m m

2

20

30

30 20

1

f 6 -

1 8

r ioo «• *

[ 250 -

4 3

3 2

6 4

8

8 6

35 25

f I2 10

I 20 -

25

25 20

r i -

1 2

| 8 -

I 12

r 20 -

t 10 -

r 20 -

I o -

f i -

I 4 -

f 250 -

1 500 -

GO -

8 6

3

f 100 -

i 150 -

30

f io .

20

6 4

20

30

40

4

f 50 -

L 70 .

6

20

6

40

25

50

6 *

15

20

7 6

30

REMARKS.

whole.

half.

13 •“*)«. fa Cktau

large.

small.

large.

small.

large small large small landin shipping, landing, shipping, large.

shipping.

landing.

small.

100 in a bundle. 50 - ditto.

10 - ditto.

double.

single.

large.

small.

large.

small.

private two-poled tents.

II. Dead Weight. — (Computed at One Ton and a Half per Boat Load.)

Anchors -

Arms -Blackwood

Copper sheet -Guns, iron or brass -

- number

- chests

candles

f chests cases-( slabs -

- number

- 1 -

m 12

j 6 -

X 7 -

6 4

- 4 3

- 100 80

r 3 -

) 2 -

I 1 • m

of 12 cwt.

small anchors and grapnels in like proportion.

12 muskets each.

shipping.

landing.

large.

3 pounders.

4 or 6 ditto. 9 ditto.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

75

Fair Foul Weather

Packages. or

'Weather. High Surf.

chests 10 8

tons - n

tons - H

tons - H

tons - n

tons - n

bags - 25

bags - 25

20 -

number 100 250 : :

300 .

150 -

200

number 300 • m

400 -

500

boxes 6 4

ARTICLES.

J apan

•Metals of all kinds Nails Red lead -Red wood Sandal wood Salt

Saltpetre -Shells -

Shot -Treasure -

REMARKS.

13 inches.

10 or 8 inches. 6 \ inches.

4 | inches.

24 pounders.

18 ditto.

12 ditto.

9 ditto.

6 ditto.

III. Miscellaneous Articles.

F?

Bullocks -Coals

Cow and Calf -

ewood: Ramiapatam

Candarungum Checurucottah Alumbarary Kistnapatam Alepanum Cuddalore Achedandoo Rangoon -Ghee and oil -Horse Linseed-oil Loose oakura -Pecul weights of all Pigs Ponies Poultry -Sand, ballast -Seed cocoa-nut Sheep Tar -Tarpaulin

number 2

tons - 2 u

number 1

500 .

1,000 GOO. 2,000. 2,000. 1,000. 150. 1,500. 2,000. 2,000.

dubbers 25

number 1

jars - 20

large.

small.

w hatever quantity can be stowed conveniently.

dnds peculs 30 25

. number 15

. number 2

• baskets, any quantity that can be stow

. tons - 2 i i

. number 200

- number 30

. barrels 8 6

- number 30

The Number of Passengers composing a Boat Load :

Europeans.............................

Natives -

N. B. — Two children are to be considered equal to one grown-up person.

- 12 persons.

- 15 —

SCHEDULE (B.)

Maximum Rate of Boat and Catamaran Hire.

Accommodation Boats.

Ordinary trip, south or north road Extra hire in and beyond nine tathoms Foul weather trip -Trans-shipment -

. . • per trip Rs. a. 8 8

- . • • ditto 1 8

6 -

1 -

344-


GoogI(

76

ACTS OF THE

Common Boats.

Ordinary trip -Ballast ditto -

Ballast in and beyond nine fathoms Return trip -

Return trip in and beyond nine fathoms Water ordinary trip -Water in and beyond nine fathoms Trip in and beyond nine fathoms Trans-shipment -

Trans-shipment in and beyond nine fathoms Foul in and beyond nine fathoms

South Road. North Road.

Rs. a. p. Rs. a. p.

per trip 1 8 - - 15 -

ditto 1 10 - 1 - -

ditto 2 10 - 2 - -

ditto - 12 6 - 8 -

ditto 18- - 15 -

ditto 3 8- 3 - -

ditto 4 3- 3 2 6

ditto 2 12 - 2 2-

ditto - 16 - - 15 -

ditto 1 14 3 1 14 3

ditto 4 3 - 3 2 6

Small Catamaran.

Ordinary trip, south or north road

Foul weather, or in or beyond nine fathoms

Catamaran for rafting timber -

per trip ditto per day

Rs. a. p.

- 5 -

- 10 -1 - -

Large Catamaran Hire.

For landing or shipping an Europe cable of 13 to 16 inches For ditto of 17 to 22 inches -

For shipping chain cables ----

For ditto an anchor from 14 to 29 cwt.

For ditto an anchor from 30 to 60 cwt.

For making a rope fast to an anchor under 12 cwt.

For ditto - ditto above 12 and under 20 cwt. - For ditto - ditto above 20 cwt.

Tarpaulin.

Per trip ----

Water Cashs.

Per trip (four casks) ----

per trip

Rs. a. 18 12 28 8 18 12 18 12 28 12 10 -20 -

35

- 4 -

-95

Extra Hire in addition to the Regulated Charges for Boats and Catamarans.

Accommodation Boat. Common Boat. Catamaran.

Rs. a. P• Rs. a. P• Rs. a. P-

South road trips between 6 and 8 p.m. - 1 12 — 12 - 2 6

North road trips ditto - ditto .... 1 12 — - 7 6 - 2 6

South road trips between 8 p. m. and 5 a. m. - 3 8 — l 8 - - 5 -

North road trips ditto - aitto - 3 8 — - 15 - — 5 -

Boats or catamarans detained alongside for every three hours during the day or night - 3 8 l 8 5

Boats or catamarans employed between the Commissariat Granary and Parry Sc Co’s office Ditto between Parry Sc Co. s and the Tunnel - 14 6 _ 1 3

1 12 - — 12 — - 2 G

Ditto between the Tunnel and the Sea Gate 2 5 4 l _ _ _ 3 4

Ditto between the Sea Gate and the Marine Villa - 4 10 8 2 _ — — 6 8

Ditto between Marine Villa and Adyar - 7 — _ 3 — — - 10 -

Ditto north of Royapooram - - - - - 1 12 _ - 9 6 - 2 6

Ditto Trivatoor and Ennore - - - - - 10 8 — 3 9 _ — 15 —

Beyond the limits of the anchorage ... 1 8 _ 1 8 — _ 6 —

Boats employed on Sundays ---- 1 8 — — 9 — — 2 —

iV. B. — The ordinary period within which boats and catamarans shall be let on hire, shall be between sunrise and sunset.

GOVERNMENT OF INDTA.

77

ACTS of jS4«.

ACT No. V. of 1842. ----

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council, on the 29th of July 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act concerning Payment on account of Licences for the Sale of Spirits in

the Islands of Bombay and Colaba.

I. It is hereby enacted, that whenever a licence to retail spirituous liquors in the islands of Bombay and Colaba shall be granted under the provisions of Act XVIII. of 1840, the officers granting such licences shall be authorized to demand such fee, tax, or duty in consideration of the privilege granted as may from time to time be fixed by such officers, under the sanction of the Governor of Bombay in Council; and such fee, tax, or duty may be made payable in advance, or at such period as may be settled under such authority as aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby‘enacted, that it shall be lawful for the officers granting such licences to withhold or recal the same in case the fee, tax, or duty aforesaid be not duly paid according to the conditions upon which any such licence shall be granted ; and any person vending spirituous liquors within the islands aforesaid while such licence shall be withheld, or after it shall have been recalled as aforesaid, shall be liable to all the penalties for vending spirituous liquors without a licence.

ACT No. VI. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 5th of August 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for annexing to the British Territory certain Villages belonging to the late Nepanee Jagheer, and Acquisitions by exchange from the Sattara State, and for bringing under the Regulations an Inam Village of Purgunna Yelloor.

Whereas the villages lately composing the Nepanee Jagheer have lapsed to Government, and it has been deemed desirable, in order to the better consolidation and management of the British and Sattara territories, to exchange certain villages for mutual convenience, and whereas the village of Deshoor, in Per-gunna Yelloor, though held in Inam under the British Government, has not yet been brought under the Regulations;

It is hereby enacted, that from the time of passing this Act, so much of Regulation XXlX. of 1827, and Regulation VII. of 1830, as relates to the under-mentioned seven villages; viz.

Jaleehall, Purgunna Honwar. Oopuldinee, Purgunna Mohumudapoor.

Teengnee Beedree, Purgunna Ghota. Allasundeh Prant Kagul.

KarjorhU-llC-}PurSunna Moolwad- B°blad’ Purguuna Burdole-

And so much of Act VIII. of 1839, as relates to the undermentioned four villages:

Kusba Ashta, Kuryat Ashta, and Sumdolee, Kuryat Sanglee - -

Moje Koondul - - - - -

and Moje Ponudee -

Prant Meeruj,

Turuf Valwe Prant Punnala,

shall be rescinded; and that the following villages shall be subject to all Acts and Regulations which are or shall be in force within the territories subject to the Presidency of Bombay.

Nineteen Villages of Purgunna Neergoondce.

1. Kusba Neergoondee.

2. Moje Hebbal.

3. Ditto Keersal.

344-

4. Moje Abbihal.

5. Ditto Yelgoor.

C. Ditto Kasinkoontee.

7. Moje

78

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1842.

7. Moje Boodihal.

8. Ditto Musootee.

9. Ditto Mooddapoor.

10. Ditto Eettgee.

11. Ditto Rajnal.

12. Ditto Bidnal.

13. Ditto Korganoor.

14. Moje Aldinnee.

15. Ditto Gonal.

16. Ditto Katapoor.

17. Ditto Dewlapoor.

18. Ditto Murikuttee.

19. Ditto Neerulbhavee.

Twelve Villages of Purgunna Chandkowte.

1. Kusba Chandkowte.

2. Moje Chutterkee.

3. Ditto Roogee.

4. Ditto Moolsawulgee.

5. Ditto Aheree.

6. Ditto Jumbgee.'

1. Moje Donoor.

2. Ditto Neginhal.

3. Ditto Moollal.

4. Ditto Kuggoor.

7. Moje Daberee.

8. Ditto Eetunhullee.

9. Ditto Gugunhullee.

10. Ditto Solapoor.

11. Ditto Hunchinal.

12. Ditto Kurulwar.

Seven Villages of Purgunna Ooklee.

5. Moje Hurgullee.

6. Ditto Hurginhal.

7. Ditto Honutgee.

Seven Villages of Purgunna Nuldroog.

1. Moje Kesurzuwulgee. 5. Moje Kalegaon.

2. Ditto Moostee. 6. Ditto Ebhrampoor.

3. Ditto Sulgur. 7. Ditto Kakrumb.

4. Ditto Arlee.

Five Isolated Villages.

1. Moje Pooluz, Purgunna Mohul.

2. Ditto Hurulgee, Purgunna Kul-

boorga.

3. Ditto Hottgee, Purgunna Ahir-

waree.

4. Moje Awrad, Purgunna Mun-

droop.

5. Moje Moogulee, Purgunna Main-

durgee.

Twenty-four Villages of Purgunna Ilortee.

1. Kusba Hortee.

2. Moje Koloorgee.

3. Ditto Domnal.

4. Ditto Kunchinal.

5. Ditto Muknapoor.

6. Ditto Boblad.

7. Ditto Hudulsung.

8. Ditto Ninibal Boodrook.

9. Ditto Nimbal Khoord.

10. Ditto Kunnal.

11. Ditto Bonninliullee.

12. Ditto Agusnal.

13. Moje Busnal.

14. Ditto Sawulsung.

15. Ditto Hulgoonkee.

16. Ditto Goondwan.

17. Ditto Sonkunhullee.

18. Ditto Koorgee.

19. Ditto Morusnal.

20. Ditto Deginal.

21. Ditto Goonkee.

22. Ditto Turgoondee.

23. Ditto Kottnal.

24. Ditto Kupnimburgee.

Twenty-eight Villages of Purgunna Hulsungee.

1. Kusba Hulsungee.

2. Moje Yelgee.

3. Ditto Turiwaree.

4. Ditto Arjnal.

5. Ditto Bliairungec.

6. Ditto Boodihal.

7. Ditto Keroor.

8. Ditto Cliunegaon.

9. Ditto Anjotgee.

10. Ditto Dhoolkhur.

11. Ditto Purnoor.

12. Ditto Bewnoor.

13. Ditto Chorjjoe.

©

14. Ditto Muun Ankulgee.

15. Moje Alahnlmllee.

16. Ditto Murgoor.

17. Ditto Chouryal.

18. Ditto Hingnee.

19. Ditto Burgoondee.

20. Ditto Aliersung.

21. Ditto Mailar.

22. Ditto Seergoor.

23. Ditto Anchee.

24. Ditto Nundral.

25. Ditto Seernal.

26. Ditto Lonee Khoord.

27. Ditto Bulolee.

28. Ditto Jliulkee.

Twenty -

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

79

Twenty-four Villages of Purgunna Bagewaree.

1. Moje Moottgee.

2. Ditto Engleshwur.

3. Ditto Salwargee.

4. Ditto Heepurgee.

5. Ditto Dindwar.

6. Ditto Rubnal.

7. Ditto Deginal.

8. Ditto Tukulkee.

9. Ditto Oottnal.

10. Ditto Munoor.

11. Ditto Hullihal.

12. Ditto Kuribuntnal.

13. Moje Hoonshal.

14. Ditto Hoolbenchee.

15. Ditto Hunchinal.

16. Ditto Agusbal.

17. Ditto Ewungee.

18. Ditto Kamunkaree.

19. Ditto Boodihal.

20. Ditto Ooppuldinee.

21. Ditto Nursungee.

22. Ditto Nagoor.

23. Ditto Ambulnoor.

24. Ditto Sunknal.

Thirteen Villages of Purgunna Annigerce.

1. Kusba Annigeree.

2. Moje Hullikeree.

3. Ditto Saswihullee.

4. Ditto Kondikopp.

5. Ditto Bussapoor.

6. Ditto Bhudrapoor.

7. Ditto Untoor.

8. Moje Saidapoor.

9. Ditto Munjegood.

10. Ditto Kawulwar.

11. Ditto Hullihal.

12. Ditto Bunnoor.

13. Ditto Nagnoor.

Fifteen Villages of Purgunna

1. Kusba Uthnee.

2. Moje Azor or Yemmihal.

3. Ditto Siroor.

4. Ditto Nagnoor.

5. Ditto Jumbgce.

6. Ditto Sewnoor.

7. Ditto Mullabad.

8. Ditto Bewnoor.

9. Moje Yekunchee.

10. Ditto Burchee.

11. Ditto Koulgood.

12. Ditto Sinai.

13. Ditto Musurgooppee.

14. Ditto Hunmapoor.

15. Ditto Kirugeree.

Sixteen Villages of Purgunna

1. Kusba Ilonwar.

2. Moje Kukmuree.

3. Ditto Hijjurgee.

4. Ditto Kotulgee.

5. Ditto Kohullee.

6. Ditto Yellihudulgce.

7. Ditto Bargee.

8. Ditto Aigullee.

9. Moje Uluginhal.

10. Ditto Babanuggur.

11. Tliana Telsung.

12. Moje Urtal.

13. Ditto Buunoor.

14. Ditto Kunnal.

15. Ditto Halhullee.

16. Ditto Kunmura.

Six Villages of Purgunna .

1. Kusba Gurcekokutnoor. 4. MojeJunwar.

2. Moje Suttee. 5. Ditto Bulwar.

3. Ditto Dodwar. 6. Ditto Korganoor.

Fifteen Villages of Purgunna Gulgullce.

1. Kusba Gulgullee.

2. Moje Aniuljhuree.

3. Ditto Koloor.

4. Ditto Yerhullee.

5. Ditto Rubkuvvee.

6. Ditto Gunnee.

7. Ditto Hunchinal Khoord.

8. Ditto Hunchinal Boodrook.

344-

9. Moje Chowrapoor.

10. Ditto Boodnee.

11. Ditto Bulwulinottee.

12. Ditto Boodihal.

13. Ditto Goolbal.

14. Ditto Bisnal.

15. Ditto Moondugnoor.

k 4

ACTS of 1842.

The

80

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1842.

The following Nine Isolated Villages.

1. Moje Hipurgee, Purgunna Jum-

khundee.

2. Ditto Nipanee 0 K , u

3. Ditto beergoogeej J

4. Ditto Belkhor, Kuryat Kubboor.

5. Ditto Mudunbhavee, Kuryat Nay-

6. Seergaon, dependant on the fort

of Heeree Gundliurvgurh.

7. Bhiwsee, Prant Kagul.

8. Moochundee, Purgunna Jutt.

9. Deshoor, Purgunna Yelloor.

ACT No. VII. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 19th of August 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for repealing certain Provisions of the Bengal Code regarding

Translations.

I. Whereas the rules regarding the rate of payment for translations of proceedings and other documents for the use of the civil courts, fixed by Section V. Regulation XIX. 1797, and Section XXXIII. Regulation IV. 1803, of the Bengal Code, require amendment;

It is hereby enacted, that Section V. Regulation XIX. 1797, and Section XXXIII. Regulation IV. 1803, be repealed.

ACT No. VIII. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 2d of September 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for describing in Legislative Acts, with greater certainty and convenience, the Courts of the highest jurisdiction in the respective Presidencies.

It is hereby declared and enacted, that the powers vested in the Court of Sudder Dewanny Adawlut by Acts No. XIX. of 1841 and No. XX. of 1841, shall be applicable to the courts of highest civil jurisdiction in the Madras and Bombay Presidencies respectively, and that, in future Acts generally applicable to all the presidencies, the terms “ Sudder Court” shall be deemed applicable to the courls respectively of the highest civil and criminal jurisdiction, as the case may be, of all the presidencies.

ACT No. IX. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 2d of September 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for extending the Statute Chap. XXI. 4th and 5th Queen Victoria, in certain Cases, to the Territories of the East India Company.

I. It is hereby enacted, that the Statute Chapter XXI of the 4th & 5th years of the reign of Queen Victoria, entitled “An Act for rendering a Release as effectual for the conveyance of Freehold Estates as a Lease and Release by the same Parties,” shall be extended to the territories of the East India Company from the 1st day of October next; provided always that this Act shall not be construed to affect any case which would not have been governed by the law of England before the passing of the aforesaid statute, if this Act had not passed, and provided that every deed or instrument of release taking effect under this Act shall be expressed to be made in pursuance thereof; and it shall not be necessary that it be expressed to be made in pursuance of the statute aforesaid.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

81

An Act for rendering a Release as effectual for the Conveyance of Freehold Estates as a Lease and Release by the same Parties.

[18th May 1841.]

“ Whereas it is expedient to lessen the expense of conveying freehold estates be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that every deed or instrument of release of a freehold estate, or deed or instrument purporting or intending to be a deed or instrument of release of a freehold estate, which shall be executed on or after the 15th day of May 1841, [and shall be expressed to be made in pursuance of this Act] shall be as effectual for the purposes therein expressed, and shall take effect as a conveyance to uses or otherwise, and shall operate in all respects both at law and equity, as if the releasing party or parties who shall have executed the same had also executed in due form a deed or instrument of bargain and sale, or lease, for a year, for giving effect to such release, although no such deed or instrument of bargain and sale, or lease, for a year, shall be executed, provided that every such deed or instrument so taking effect under this Act shall be chargeable with the same amount of stamp duty as any bargain and sale, or lease, for a year, would have been chargeable with (except progressive duty) if executed to give effect to such deed or instrument, in addition to the stamp duties which such deed or instrument shall be chargeable with, as a release or otherwise, under any Act or Acts relating to stamp duties.

II. And whereas many deeds or instruments of bargain and sale, or leases for a year, to give effect to deeds or instruments of release of freehold estates heretofore executed, have been lost or mislaid,” be it enacted, that where, in or by any deed or instrument of release of freehold estates executed before the 15th day of May 1841, any deed or instrument of bargain and sale or lease for a year for giving effect to such deed or instrument of release shall be recited, or by any mention thereof in such deed or instrument of release, appear to have been made or executed, such recital or mention thereof shall be deemed and taken to be conclusive evidence of the deed or instrument of bargain and sale or lease for a year, so recited or mentioned, having been made and executed;, and such deed or instrument of release shall also have the like effect as if the same had been executed after the 15th day of May 1841, whether such deed or instrument of bargain and sale or lease for a year shall or shall not have been lost or mislaid, or may or may not be produced; provided always, that this Act shall not prejudice or affect any proceedings at law or in equity pending at the time of the passing of this Act, in which the validity of any bargain and sale or lease for a year shall be in question between the party claiming under such bargain and sale or lease for a year, and the party claiming adversely thereto, and such bargain and sale or lease for a year, if the result of such proceedings shall invalidate the same, shall not be rendered valid by this Act.

III. And be it enacted, that in the construction of this Act the word “ freehold,” shall have not only its usual signification, but shall extend to all lands and hereditaments for the conveyance of which, if this Act had not been passed, a bargain and sale or lease for a year, as well as a release, would have been used.

ACT No. X. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 14th of October 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of any Place of Public Resort or Residence under the Presidency of Fort William, not within the Town of Calcutta, to make better Provision for Purposes connected with public Health and Convenience.

I. It is hereby enacted, that if it shall appear to either of the governments of the Presidency of Fort William, that two-thirds in number of the householders of any town, suburb, settlement, or place of public resort and residence within 344. L that

ACTS

82

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1842.

that presidency, are desirous of making better provision for the repairing, cleansing, lighting, draining, or watching of any public streets, roads, drains, or tanks, or any like local purpose, it shall be lawful for the local government to which such place as above described is subject, to authorize the same in manner following.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the local government, upon any application made to it for the purpose, by or on the part of the householders aforesaid, may, at its discretion, authorize the persons whose names shall be presented, or so many of them as may be thought proper, being inhabitants of the place, as above described, to be a Committee for the purpose of effecting the local objects specified in the application.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that any such committee may make such assessments and at such rates as may be necessary for effecting the objects aforesaid, and may make all necessary contracts and appoint such servants as may be required, with reasonable salaries; provided always, that no rate exceeding the amount of five per cent, on the rent or yearly value of the premises within the place as above described, or more than one rate in any year shall be raised without the express sanction of the local government; provided also, that no member of any such committee shall be personally liable in respect of any contract entered into by such committee on behalf of the inhabitants of any place as above described; provided that the said committee and every member thereof shall be liable for the misapplication of all monies collected, and the same shall be recoverable in a civil action as the money and at the suit of the local government.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that the local government shall in every case prescribe such rules for every committee as may appear necessary for the proper security of the funds collected from the inhabitants, and shall have the power of removing any member of every such committee, on its appearing to such government that the security or efficiency of the trust is in danger of being impaired. And in case of no person being named by the remaining members of the committee to the satisfaction of the local government to act upon such committee, in the place of the person removed, within one month, the local government may appoint a member of the committee in the place of the person removed.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that every such committee shall on the 30th day of April in every year, or oftener, if required by the local government, render to the local government an account of all sums received and expended in the preceding year, in such form and with such vouchers as the local government may from time to time require.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that upon the application of such committee to any magistrate or justice of the peace, such magistrate or justice is required to exercise the same powers for levying the rate which may be due from any defaulter as are specified in Act II. of 1839.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that no rate shall be invalidated for defect of form, and it shall be sufficient if in any such rate as aforesaid, or any assessment for the purposes of such rate, the property assessed shall be sufficiently identified, and it shall not be necessary to specify the name of the owner or occupier thereof. And all property found at any time upon the premises rated shall be liable to be seized and sold under warrant from a magistrate or justice of the peace for the payment of the rate.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that it shall be competent at all times to the local government to dissolve any such committee, and to appoint any person or persons to inquire into and report upon the conduct of such committee, or of any members thereof, in the execution of their trusts, and such person or persons so appointed shall have power to send for persons, papers, and records, and to compel the attendance or delivery of the same, and to examine witnesses upon oath.

1

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

83

ACT No. XI, of 1842.

ACTS of 184a.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 21st of October 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for Amending and Explaining the Law concerning the Importation of

Foreign Sugar.

It is hereby enacted and declared that the prohibition and penalties contained in Acts No. XXXII. of 1836 and No. XV. of 1839, against the landing or attempting to land in any part of the territories subject to the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, or the Presidency of Fort St. George, of any foreign sugar, or any sugar which is the growth of any British possession into which foreign sugar can be legally imported, shall apply and be deemed to apply to such sugar otherwise imported into any part of the territories subject to the said presidencies.

ACT No. XII. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 28th of October 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for the better Regulation of Military Bazars, and defining the Liabilities

of Camp-followers.

I. It is hereby enacted, that no person residing within the limits of any military cantonment, and carrying on trade therein, or who shall have been a trader at any military cantonment, shall be allowed to recover in any military court of requests for the native troops of the East India Company, held within any such cantonment, any debt contracted in the way of trade, or for the loan of money, within any such cantonment, by any person subject to the jurisdiction of such court, unless the person seeking to recover the debt shall at the time of contracting thereof have been registered as a military bazarman within any such cantonment.

II. And it is hereby declared, that all persons serving with any part of the army, and receiving public pay in any capacity, menial servants, and other camp-followers of every description, shall be subject to the provisions of Acts No. XI. of 1841 and No. XXVIII. of 1841, in like manner as enlisted soldiers.

ACT No. XIII. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 28th of October 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act to enable the Holders of Revenue which has been Alienated to them by the State, to collect that Revenue within the Presidency of Bombay.

I. Whereas it is expedient to authorise the grant by the Governor in Council of Bombay, at his discretion, of commissions to certain jageerdars and others, by virtue of which such persons shall possess increased powers for collecting the Revenue due to them;

It is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council of Bombay, to grant to any jageerdar, surinjamdar, inamdar, or other person holding lands or villages, the revenue of which has been alienated to him by the state, a commission conferring upon him authority for the collection of such revenue by the powers hereinafter mentioned, or such of them as shall be specified in the commission, in addition to the powers now exercisable by law.

344* l 2 II. And

84

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1842.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that such corn miss ion, which shall be drawn out according to the form of the annexed Schedule (A.), shall be granted or withheld, ana when granted shall be liable to be withdrawn at the pleasure of government, and that it may, if the Governor in Council of Bombay see fit, be issued to one or more agents of such holder of alienated revenue as well as to the holder in person.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that the holder of such commission shall have authority to demand security for the payment of the revenue, in respect of the lands or villages specified in the commission, and if the same be not furnished, to take such precaution as the collector is authorised to take under Section XI., Regulation XVII. of 1827, Bombay Code.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that the holder of such commission shall have authority to send mohussuls on defaulters under the provisions of Clauses II., III. and V., Section XII., Regulation XVII. of 1827, Bombay Code, provided that one foot mohussul only be employed in each case, and that the mohussullee shall cease on the enforcement of any other remedy for the collection of the revenue, except the taking of such security as aforesaid.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that the holder of any such commission shall be authorised to attach the property of persons making default in the payment of such revenue as aforesaid, making an immediate report to the collector or his •assistant of his having done so, and should the demand on account of which the -attachment may be made appear to the collector or his assistant to be just, he shall give orders for the sale of such property, and the sale shall be conducted agreeably to the provisions of Clause VII., Section XII,. Regulation XVII. of 1827, Bombay Code, except in cases in which the holder of the commission by whom the attachment has been made shall be a jageerdar, surinjamdar or inamdar, vested by Regulation XIII. of 1830, with civil jurisdiction, and with power to execute his own decrees, or his agents, when the sale shall be conducted by him, and not by the collector and his subordinate revenue officers.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that all compulsory process under this Act shall •cease on the alleged defaulter furnishing security to the holder of the commission, or to the collector or assistant collector of the district, to institute a suit within 15 days, in a competent court, for the purpose of trying the demand, and to pay the amount which may be decreed against him, with costs and interest, in such court, provided that such suits in which any one of the privileged classes established by Regulation XXIX. of 1827, Sections III. and IV., and by Regulation

VII. of 1830, Bombay Code, may be the defendant, shall be tried before the collector and his assistants, anything in Regulations I. and XVI. of 1831, notwithstanding. And any holder of any such commission as aforesaid by himself or his agents proceeding with any compulsory process under this Act, after the furnishing of such security as aforesaid, or after the due tender thereof, shall forfeit three times the amount of the revenue sought to be recovered by such compulsory process.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that if the revenue or rent payable to a jageerdar, or other holder of government alienated lands or villages, shall have

been fixed by a government officer before the grant of the land in free tenure; or if the rent or revenue tendered by any ryot or other person, be at the usual rate payable according to the custom of the village and pergunna, as declared by the koolkurnee and other local officers of revenue, the enforcement of a demand by any holder of a commission under this Act of an excess of rent or revenue beyond the amount due as above provided, shall be deemed to be extortion. and the person against whom such demand shall have been enforced shall •obtain upon any judgment being passed, after regular or summary trial, three times the amount of any such excessive demand as damages for the same. Provided, however, that nothing herein prescribed or contained shall prevent a holder of alienated lands or villages from instituting a suit in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of establishing his claim to re-assess the lands or re-settle the revenue of any ryot or other who may be paying less than the full junta to which he is justly liable; and upon such holder obtaining a decree adjudging to him such power, the demand made by him under such decree shall, if conformable thereto, be deemed a legal demand for arrears,

and

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

85

and shall be leviable by the same process as is above provided for other ACTS of 184a. arrears due. "

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the power conferred by such commission shall extend to the enforcement of the payment of the revenue of the current season, and of the season next immediately preceding, and not to that of former years.

Schedule (A).

Form of Commission to be issued to a Holder of Alienated Revenue, or his Agent, for enabling him to recover such Revenue.

The Governor in Council of Bombay, by virtue of the powers vested in him by Act No. XIII. of 1842, is pleased to confer on you (jageerdar,

&c., or agent, See., as the case may be) power to realize all revenue demands due to you (or to your principal) from the villages and lands specified in this Commission in the manner prescribed in (or in sections of) this Act.

The villages and lands over which the power thus conferred upon you extends are as follows:

( Here enter the .)

The within delegated power is vested in you during the pleasure and subject to the recal of the said Governor in Council.

(signed) ----

ACT No. XIV. op 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President 'of the Council of India in Council on

the 25th of November 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the

Governor-General of India.

An Act for giving greater Facility in the Abatement and Prosecution of Nuisances in and through the Towns and Islands of Bombay and Colaba.

I. It is hereby enacted, that no person shall throw or deposit, or cause to be thrown or deposited, any offensive matter or thing whatever on any open space of ground contiguous to any public thoroughfare on the islands of Bombay or Colaba.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the owner or occupier of every such open space shall, on a written order from the court of petty sessions for such purpose, forthwith enclose the same with a fence or wall, and in default thereof for the space of 10 days the said court shall cause such enclosure to be made, and the expense thereof shall be defrayed by the municipal fund, and the said owner or occupier shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twice the amount so expended.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said court of petty sessions to order and direct that proper and suitable drains or gutters for the conveyance of wastage, water, filth and other offensive matter proceeding from the bouses or premises of any of the inhabitants or occupiers thereof, shall be made and built by the owners of such houses in such manner as the said court of petty sessions shall direct, and upon 6uch owners failing so to do, and also to keep the same in repair, for the space of 10 days after notice to that effect shall have been given by the said court, the said court may cause such drains or gutters to be built or repaired, and the expense thereof shall be defrayed out of the municipal fund, and the said owners shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twice the amount of such expense: provided always, that a default in

344- l 3 the

86

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1842. the making or repairing such drains or gutters has created, or is likely to create 1 a public nuisance.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that the owner or occupier of any house or tenement having a privy erected upon his premises, shall have such privy shut out by a sufficient wall or fence from the view of persons passing by.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that every privy, sink, drain, watercourses, compound, yard, lane or passage adjoining or belonging to any house or premises, shall be kept clean by the owners or occupiers thereof, so that the same shall not become a public nuisance.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that no person shall throw or deposit any filth or rubbish on the roof, or weather-boards of any buildings, or suspend therefrom any article whatever, so as to project over any street or public thoroughfare; nor shall any person bathe himself, or wash any animal or clothes, or throw any offensive matter or thing whatever in or into any of the public tanks or wells, and the Governor in Council is hereby empowered, from time to time, by proclamation, to declare what tanks or wells shall be deemed public ; and also which of such public tanks or wells tnay be used for the purpose of bathing and washing linen therein.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the court of petty sessions to require any person, owner or tenant, keeping a public brothel or lodging houses for prostitutes, or disorderly character of any description in any of the more public roads or streets of Bombay and Coloba, to shut up the same, or to remove such tenants from the premises, and on his failing to do so within the time specified in a notice to be given to him to that effect, he shall be deemed to have offended against the provision of this Act.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that no person shall keep a coffee-shop, eating-house, or any place of public resort other than a legally licensed tavern or spirit-shop, without the permission or license of the court of petty sessions, which court is hereby empowered to grant such permission or license in writing, and which may be revoked by the said court on good and sufficient cause.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that all offences against this Act shall be summarily inquired into and decided by the court of petty sessions, and every offence for which there is not a special penalty shall be punishable by a fine not exceeding 200 rupees.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that all fines imposed under this Act shall be paid into the general treasury for the benefit of the municipal fund.

ACT No. XV. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 2d of December 1842, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for regulating the Emigration of the Native Inhabitants of the Territories under the Government of the East India Company to the Island of Mauritius. *

Whereas it hath been ordered by the Queen’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice of Her Majesty’s Privy Council, as follows:

At the Court at Windsor, The 15th of January 1842.

Present:

The Queen’s Most Excellent Majesty. His Royal Highness Prince Albert.

Lord President. Lord Privy Seal. Lord Steward.

Lord Chamberlain. Earl of Jersey.

Earl of Ripon.

Lord Stanley.

Lord Fitzgerald and Vesci.

Sir Robert Peel, Bart.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer. Sir James Graham, Bart.

Sir Edward Knatchbull, Bart.

Whereas it is probable that the laws now in force in British India for preventing the emigration of the inhabitants thereof to Her Majesty’s colonial possessions

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

87

sessions will be shortly repealed so far as regards emigration to the Island of ACTS of 1842. Mauritius, and that such last-mentioned emigration will be sanctioned by laws — -

to be for that purpose enacted in India, subject to various provisions to be in such laws made for the protection of such emigrants, and for the prevention of abuses: And whereas it is probable that amongst the provisions so to be made as last aforesaid, will be a provision for enabling the Governor-general of India to appoint at ports or places in India, officers charged with the care, protection, and superintendence of all persons proposing to emigrate as labourers from India to Mauritius: And whereas it is probable that provision will be made by law at Mauritius for defraying from the public revenue of that island the expense of introducing emigration thither from British India: And whereas it is necessary that effectual provision should be made by law at Mauritius for regulating any such expenditure, and for the prevention of abuses in the introduction of emigrants from British India into that island: It is therefore hereby ordered by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice of Her Majesty’s Privy Council, that in the event of any law being made in British India, authorizing the emigration to- Mauritius of the natives of India, and repealing the restrictions now in force there in regard to such emigrations, and in the event of any such laws containing provisions enabling the Governor-general of India to appoint at the several ports of embarkation in India, officers charged with the protection of persons emigrating from such ports to Mauritius, the various rules and regulations comprised and set forth in the Schedule to this present Order subjoined shall, within the Island of Mauritius, have the force and effect of law, and shall be observed and carried into effect by all Her Majesty’s officers, civil and military, in Mauritius, and by all Her Majesty’s subjects within the same island, as to them may respectively appertain.

And the Right honourable Lord Stanley, one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, is to give the necessary instructions herein accordingly.

(signed) C. Greville.

The Schedule referred to in the preceding Order, comprising the rules and regulations to be observed at Mauritius in regard to emigrants from British India, resorting to and arriving at that island: —

1st. The Governor of Mauritius may from time to time nominate such persons as he shall see fit to act as emigration agents at any port or place in India which the Governor-general of India may designate as a port or place for the embarkation of emigrants to Mauritius, and may also from time to time nominate a proper person to act as protector of immigrants at Mauritius.

2d. The remuneration to be given to any such agent in India shall not depend upon or be regulated by the number of the emigrants sent to Mauritius by him, but shall be in the nature of an annual salary.

3d. Every such emigration agent shall ascertain by personal communication with every emigrant previously to his or her embarkation from the port or place for which such agent shall be appointed, that such emigrant has not been induced to emigrate by any fraud, false nor unreasonable expectation, and is aware of the distance of Mauritius from the place where he or she is about to emigrate; and such agent shall explain the real advantages likely to be derived by such emigrants from a removal to Mauritius, and at the same time cautioning such emigrant against unreasonable and unwarrantable expectations; and such agent shall also ascertain that every such emigrant is in good health, and not incapacitated from labour by old age, bodily infirmity, or disease.

4th. It shall not be lawful to ship on board of any ship or vessel carrying emigrants from India to Mauritius, any number of passengers exceeding the proportion of one person for every two tons of the registered burthen of such ship or vessel, and no such ship or vessel carrying emigrants, and having more than one deck, shall have less than the height of six feet at the least between decks, and in case such ship or vessel shall have only one deck, a platform shall be laid beneath such deck, and in such manner as to afford a space of the height of six feet at the least, and that such platform shall not be so laid as that 344. l 4 the

88

ACTS OF THE

of 1842. the lower beams shall project above the same, and that no such ship or vessel

---- shall have more than two tiers of berths, and that no such ship or vessel shall

carry passengers on any such voyage to Mauritius unless there shall be an interval of six inches at least between the deck or platform and the floor of the lower tier throughout the whole extent thereof; and whatever may be the tonnage of the ship or vessel, no greater number of passengers shall be taken on board of such ship or vessel than shall be after the rate of one such person for every 12 superficial feet of the lower deck or platform, unoccupied by goods or stores, not being the personal luggage of such persons.

5th. In the computation of the number of passengers within the meaning of these regulations, two children under the age of 10 years shall be considered as equal to and shall be reckoned as one person only.

6th. There shall be actually laden and on board of every ship or vessel bringing emigrants into Mauritius, at the time of departure of such ship or vessel from the port or place at which such labourers shall be embarked, good and wholesome provisions for the use and consumption of the said passengers over and above the victualling of the crew, to the amount or in the proportion fol-following; that is to say, a supply of water to the amount of five gallons to every week of the computed voyage for every passenger on board such ship or vessel, such water being carried in tanks or sweet casks, and a supply of rice, bread, biscuit, flour, oatmeal, or bread stuffs to the amount of seven pounds weight to j every week of the computed voyage for every such passenger: provided always, that when any such ship or vessel shall be destined to call at a port or place in the course of her voyage for the purpose of filling up her water casks, a supply of water at the rate before-mentioned for every week of an average voyage to such port or place of calling shall be deemed to be a compliance with this regulation ; and provided, that the preceding regulation regarding food shall be deemed to have been complied with iu any case where it shall be made to appear that by the special authority of the Governor-general of India, any other articles of food were substituted for the articles above enumerated as being in his judgment equivalent thereto.

7th. The number of weeks which shall be deemed necessary for the voyage to Mauritius from any port or ports in India, shall be such as shall from time to time be determined by any law or ordinance to be promulgated for that purpose by the Governor-general of India in Council, and according to any such law or ordinance shall and may be further determined, whether at different periods of the year different estimations are to be made of the probable length of any such voyage, and if by any such law or ordinance the removal of emigrants should during any particular period of the year be prohibited alto* gether, then any such removal during such prohibited period shall in Mauritius be regarded, dealt with, and punished as an infringement of these present regulations.

8th. Before any such ship or vessel shall be cleared out on any such voyage, the agent appointed under this ordinance for the port or place from which such ship or vessel shall be cleared out, shall survey, or cause to be surveyed by some competent person, the provisions and water hereinbefore required to be on board for the consumption of passengers, and shall ascertain that the same are in good and sweet condition, and also that over and above the same there is on board an ample supply of water and stores for the victualling of the crew of the ship or vessel, and shall also ascertain that such ship or vessel is generally reputed seaworthy, and that the directions hereinbefore contained for insuring the health and safety of the passengers have been complied with, and shall grant a certificate thereof under his hand to the master of such ship or vessel.

9th. The master of every ship or vessel bringing emigrants to Mauritius shall be bound to provide for and furnish to every such emigrant and his wife and children a sufficient quantity of good and wholesome provisions, for his, her, and their daily maintenance during such voyage, and during the space of 48 hours next after "the arrival of such ship or vessel in Mauritius.

10th. Two copies of these regulations, authenticated by the signature of the agent at the port or place from which such emigrants shall come, shall be delivered to the master by such agent on demand at the time of clearance,.

and

ft

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

89

and shall be kept on board of every ship or vessel carrying such emigrants as aforesaid, and one of such copies shall, upon request made at seasonable times to the master of the ship or vessel, be produced to any passenger for his perusal.

11th. The master of every ship or vessel carrying emigrants from India to Mauritius shall, before clearing out such ship or vessel, deliver to such agent at the port or place from which such vessel shall be cleared out, a list in writing, together with a duplicate of the same, specifying as accurately as may be the names, ages, and occupations of all and every the emigrants on board such ship or vessel, and such agent shall thereupon deliver to the said master the counterpart of such lists, signed by such agent, and the said master shall on the arrival of such ship or vessel at Mauritius, and previous to the disembarkation of any such emigrants, give notice of the arrival of such ship or vessel, and deliver the said counterpart of such list to the protector of immigrants hereinbefore mentioned; and such protector of immigrants shall forthwith proceed on board of such ship or vessel, and shall ascertain as far as possible by personal inspection of the ship or vessel and passengers, whether the directions hereinbefore contained with regard to the situation of the berth of such ship or vessel, the proportion of the passengers to the burthens and measurement of such ship or vessel, and the maintenance of the emigrants during such passage have been complied with, and such protector of immigrants shall personally muster such emigrants, and compare the number and names of such emigrants with the said counterparts of such lists, and shall certify in writing under his hand upon such counterpart the total number of emigrants then living and being on board of such vessel, and in case any such emigrant shall have died during the passage, or the number or names of the emigrants shall differ from the number or names stated in such counterpart, the protector of immigrants shall note such death or difference upon such counterpart, and thereupon shall grant a licence under his hand for the disembarkation and landing of such emigrants.

12th. If the protector of immigrants on such personal inspection of the ship or vessel and emigrants, shall be satisfied that the preceding regulations have been complied with, he shall grant a certificate under his hand of the arrival in Mauritius of such emigrants respectively, and the place from which, and the ship or vessel in which such emigrants shall have arrived.

13th. No money shall be payable by the colonial treasurer of Mauritius in respect of any such emigrants as aforesaid, except on the warrant of the governor of that island, which warrant shall not be issued except on such certificate as aforesaid of the said protector of immigrants.

14th. The protector of immigrants shall keep a register of all persons in respect of whom any such certificate as aforesaid shall be granted, and of the ship or vessel in which, the port from which, and the time at which such person shall have arrived in this colony, a copy of which registry shall be laid before the Council of Government on the 31st day of March, the 30th of June, the 30th day of September, and the 31st of December in each year.

15th. If any ship or vessel bringing emigrants from India to Mauritius shall carry any number of passengers exceeding the proportion authorized and allowed by these regulations, a penalty of 51, per head shall be payable in respect of each passenger so carried in excess of such proportion, or if such ship or vessel shall not be of the height between decks hereinbefore required; or if such a platform as hereinbefore directed shall not be laid and continued throughout the whole duration of any such voyage in such manner as is hereinbefore required; or if there shall be more than two tiers of berths, or if there shall not be throughout the whole duration of any such voyage, such an interval as is hereinbefore prescribed between the deck and the floor of the lower tier of berths; or if any such ship or vessel shall clear out, and put to sea not having on board such water and provisions as aforesaid for the use and consumption of the passengers, of the kind and to the amount and in the proportion hereinbefore directed ; or if any such ship or vessel shall be cleared out before such lists of emigrants shall have been delivered in manner and form aforesaid, or if any such lists shall be wilfully false ; or if the copy of these regulations be not produced as hereinbefore required; or if any emigrant shall not be maintained

344. M during

ACTS

90

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 184a.

during such voyage, and for 48 hours after his arrival; the master of any such ship or vessel shall, for and in respect of each and every such offence, be liable on summary conviction before any stipendiary magistrate at any time within the space of 12 calendar months next after the arrival of such master within the colony of Mauritius, to the payment of a fine not less than 5/., nor more than 20/. British sterling, and in default of payment of the fine above mentioned either immediately or at the time fixed by such stipendiary magistrate at the time of making such conviction, to imprisonment for any time not less than one nor more than three calendar months.

16th. Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall take away or abridge any right of suit or action which may accrue to any emigrant in any such ship or vessel, or to any other person in respect of the breach or non-performance of any contract made or entered into between or on the behalf of any such emigrant or other person, and the master, owner or owners of any such ship or vessel.

17th. Provided always, that nothing in these regulations contained shall apply to any ship or vessel in the service of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or to any of Her Majesty's ships of war.

18th. No emigrant arrivingfrom India at Mauritius shall be capable of entering into any contract of service to be performed in that island, until he shall have been at least 48 hours on shore there, and every such contract of service made before that time shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

19th. No emigrant arriving from India at Mauritius, and engaging to labour in that island, shall within Mauritius be liable to any action, suit or demand, for or in respect of any debt contracted or any contract made by such emigrant before his arrival in the said island.

20th. No emigrant arriving from India at Mauritius shall in Mauritius be capable of entering into any contract for service, except for the period, in the manner and under the superintendence which by a law in force there is required in the case of contracts for service made by other labourers in agriculture or manufactures within the said island.

21st. No payment shall be made from the treasury of the said island in respect of any emigrants introduced there from India, unless on proof to the satisfaction of the governor of Mauritius, that all rules and regulations which may be established by law in India, for the advantage and protection of such emigrants, have been duly complied with, such rules and regulations not being repugnant to anything in these regulations contained.

22d. In every case in which the penalties hereby denounced against offences are imposed by the use of the words in the masculine gender or in the singular person, such words shall be understood as extending to the feminine gender also and to any number of persons, unless when the opposite construction is required in order to meet the object and to accomplish the ends with a view to which these regulations are established and made.

(signed) C. Greville.

In conformity with which said order, and for the purpose of giving effect thereto, it is hereby enacted, that Act No. XIV. of 1839, and all Acts repealed thereby, so far as the same are applicable to the emigration of natives from the ports of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay respectively to the Mauritius, shall be repealed from the day when the Governor-general of India in Council, or in his absence the President in Council, shall notify in the Gazette that it hath been duly certified to him that such regulations have been provided, and that such measures have been taken by the government of Mauritius, as he may deem necessary for the protection of emigrant labourers from India on their passage to the Mauritius, and during their residence there, and for their safe return at the expiration of five years, or any subsequent period, should they be desirous of returning to India: Provided always, that the aforesaid Act No. XIV. of 1839, shall remain in full force in all the ports of India except the ports aforesaid, and in regard to emigrants from India proceeding to other places than the Mauritius.

II. And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

/

91

II. And it is hereby enacted, that after this Act shall come into operation, ACTS of 184s.

emigrant labourers, being native inhabitants of the territories under the go- r

vemment of the East India Company, shall be allowed to pass and to be conveyed from India to the Mauritius from the ports of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay respectively, in compliance with the provisions hereinafter mentioned, but

not otherwise.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that at each of the three ports aforesaid it shall be lawful for the government of the presidency within which the port is situated, to authorize the persons nominated by the government of Mauritius, under the order hereinbefore inserted, to act as emigration agents at the aforesaid ports respectively, and to exercise the powers conferred on emigration agents by this Act; and every such emigration agent shall make monthly reports to the government to which he is subordinate of all matters transacted by him in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be lawful to convey any emigrant being a native of India, who may embark for the purpose of labouring for hire in the colony of Mauritius from either of the ports aforesaid, in any ship or vessel, unless a licence be obtained for carrying emigrants in such ship or vessel from the government of the presidency in which the port is situated. A fee not exceeding one rupee per emigrant, as may be regulated from time to time by the local government, shall be demandable in respect of every such licence, which fee shall be carried to the credit of the said government, and the granting or withholding any such licence shall be entirely discretionary with the government, and in consideration of such licence the master of every ship conveying or destined to convey emigrants from India shall execute a bond, binding himself and his owners in a penal sum of 10,000 rupees to conform to the several conditions hereunder provided, and the said bond shall be executed in duplicate that it may be put in suit either at the place of execution or in the colony of Mauritius, and one copy shall be forwarded to the government of Mauritius to be dealt with as the case may require; and every ship or vessel in which any such emigrant shall be conveyed without a licence being obtained as aforesaid shall be liable to be forfeited, and the master thereof shall be liable as for a misdemeanor in a fine of 1,000 rupees for every such emigrant so illegally conveyed.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the master of any vessel licensed as above to receive on board any emigrant labourer as above provided, unless such labourer shall have in his possession and show a certificate or pass to be given to him by the emigration agent of the port, stating his name and the name of his father and his age, and certifying that having appeared before such agent he has declared his willingness and desire to proceed to work for hire in the said colony of Mauritius.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that before any ship or vessel so licensed to carry emigrant labourers as above provided, shall be cleared out from any of the aforesaid ports for the Mauritius, it shall be necessary for the master of such ship or vessel, provided any emigrant of the description aforesaid shall embark therein, to obtain from the emigration agent so nominated and authorized at such port as aforesaid, a certificate under the hand of such agent to the effect following, that is to say:

1st. That such agent has, by personal communication, done what is required on the part of such agent by the third Article of the Schedule hereinbefore inserted : provided always, that every such agent shall make the inquiries specified in such Schedule in an open court or public office, to which all persons shall have admission.

2d. That all the directions contained in the 4th, 6th, 6th, and 8th Articles of the Schedule hereinbefore inserted for insuring the health and safety of passengers have been duly complied with.

3d. That (in addition to the directions contained in the said Schedule) such rules have been complied with as the Governor-general in Councilor in hisabsence the President in Council, shall from time to time frame touching the medical attendance and medical stores to be provided, the species of provisions suited to

344* m 2 native

92

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1842. native habits, the number of women that should accompany the emigrants, or * — 11 other matters.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that with reference to Article 7 of the Schedule hereinbefore inserted, the probable lengths of a voyage to the Mauritius from the respective ports aforesaid shall, for the purpose of this Act, be deemed to be for the port of Calcutta:

Between the months of April and October inclusive, ten weeks.

Between the months of November and March inclusive, eight weekst

Forthe portof Madras, between the months of April and October inclusive, seven weeks, and between the months of November and March inclusive, five weeks.

For the port of Bombay, between the months of April to September inclusive, five weeks, and between the months of October to March, inclusive, six weeks.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that before any ship or vessel shall be cleared out from any of the aforesaid ports for the Mauritius, it shall be necessary for the master thereof to deliver to the emigration agent so nominated and authorized at such port as aforesaid the list specified in Article 11 of the Schedule hereinbefore inserted, and to obtain such duplicate thereof as is required by the said article.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that if the master of any ship or vessel shall at any of the ports aforesaid take on board such ship or vessel any emigrant labourer of the description aforesaid, and shall clear such ship or vessel for the Mauritius without having fully complied with every particular hereinbefore required previous to clearance, he shall be liable, on conviction before any magistrate or justice of the peace, in a penalty of 200 rupees for every emigrant labourer so taken on board his ship or vessel.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that if the master of any ship or vessel shall, after having cleared such ship or vessel at any such port as aforesaid for Mauritius, take on board any such emigrant labourer as aforesaid without having entered such emigrant labourer in such list as aforesaid, or without having obtained such duplicate as aforesaid containing the entry of such emigrant, prior to clearance, he shall be liable, on conviction, before any magistrate or justice of the peace, in a penalty not exceeding 500 rupees for every emigrant so taken on board his ship or vessel.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that if any master of any ship or vessel cleared for the Mauritius as aforesaid shall, after having obtained such certificate as aforesaid, fraudulently do or suffer to be done any act or thing whereby such certificate shall become inapplicable to the altered state of the ship or vessel, its passengers, or other matters to which such certificate relates, such master shall be liable, on conviction, in any penalty not exceeding 5,000 rupees, besides incurring a forfeiture of any bond executed in consideration of any licence obtained for the vessel as originally described.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, for the greater security against emigrant labourers being embarked for the Mauritius contrary to the provisions of this Act, that all the powers vested by law in the officers of customs in regard to the searching and detention of ships or vessels, or otherwise for the prevention of smuggling on board thereof, may be exercised by such officers for the prevention of the illegal embarkation of such emigrants as aforesaid on board ships or vessels bound for the Mauritius, and of other offences against this Act; and it is further enacted, that all pilots in the service of the East India Company shall be invested with the same powers and be charged with the same duties as preventive officers of customs in this behalf.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that every person who shall attempt by means of intoxication, or by false imprisonment, or other means of crimping, to export any native on board any ship or vessel contrary to the provisions of this Act, shall be liable to be punished before a magistrate in a fine not exceeding 500 rupees, or imprisonment not exceeding six months, provided that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the offender from being proceeded against by indictment;

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

93

ment; but the offender shall only be liable to one of these courses of proceeding.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever a vessel shall clear from Calcutta for Mauritius with emigrant labourers duly embarked thereon, the customs’ officer on board such vessel shall countersign the pass or certificate brought on board by every such emigrant labourer, and shall keep a register of every such emigrant labourer as may come on board; and such customs officer shall remain on board such vessel until she shall arrive in Saugor Roads, and shall not come away until a muster of the crew and passengers has been made in his presence and in that of the pilot in charge of the vessel; and after the customs’ officer has taken muster and quitted the vessel, the pilot shall continue to exercise the duties indicated in Section 12 of this Act; and it shall be lawful for him if he shall deem it necessary, to require the master or commander to take a general muster of the crew and passengers and emigrant labourers on board, and to sign a muster-roll so taken ; and every such custom-house officer and pilot shall make a complete report of the emigrant labourers on board of any ship at the time of his quitting the same, and such report shall contain a declaration, that to the best of the declarant’s belief no additional coolies have been received on board since obtaining the certificate, and that nothing else has been done or omitted to be done in the ship or vessel contrary to the provisions of this Act, and every such report, or muster, if any, shall be transmitted without delay to the emigration agent of the port; and any custom-house officer or pilot who shall wilfully make a false, erroneous or incomplete report of the emigrant labourers on board of any ship, or who shall connive at the unauthorized embarkation of any such emigrant labourers, shall be liable, besides dismissal, to a fine of 500 rupees, commutable, if not paid, to imprisonment in the Calcutta jail for six months, and the penalty shall be adjudged in like manner as similar penalties are adjudged for offences committed in respect to the customs revenue.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that if any person shall forge or shall use, knowing it to be forged, any document required by this Act, such person shall be liable to be imprisoned for any period not exceeding seven years.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that all the several penalties to which masters of ships or vessels are liable by this Act shall be enforced by information laid before any justice of the peace at the instance of the emigration agent, or of any officer appointed for the purpose by the government of the place or presidency, or may be enforced by putting in suit the bond given by the master, if such bond has been given in consideration of the licence granted to the ship.

ACT No. XVI. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 16th of December 1842, with the Assent of the Right honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act concerning the Terms of Leases granted by Zemindars and

Proprietors.

It is hereby enacted, in modification of Sections II. and III. Regulation XIV. of 1812, of the Bengal Code, that zemindars or other proprietors of land may grant leases, or fix the rent of any land tenure, for any period not exceeding the terms of their own respective engagements with Government: provided always, that in case any lease shall be granted, or the rent of the land be fixed for any longer period, the lease or engagement fixing the rent shall be null and void only for the excess beyond such terms respectively.

m 3

ACTS of 184s.

344-

94

ACTS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

ACTS of 1842.

ACT No. XVII. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 16th of December 1842, with the Assent of the Right honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act relative to the Number and Powers of the Revenue Commissioners

under the Presidency of Bombay.

I. It is hereby enacted, that so much of Regulation V. of 1830, of the Bombay Code, as provides that one revenue commissioner shall be appointed for the territory subordinate to Bombay, and that the Southern Maharatta country shall be excluded from his jurisdiction, is repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that one or more revenue commissioners shall be appointed for the whole of the territory composing the presidency of Bombay, each of whom shall be vested with all the powers possessed by the single revenue commissioner, under Regulation V. 1830, and shall be empowered to act within the presidency of Bombay, or over such portion as the Governor in Council of Bombay may from time to time prescribe by an order published in the Gazette.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that each revenue commissioner shall have such number of deputies and assistants as the Governor in Council may deem it expedient to appoint.

ACT No. XVIII. of 1842.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council on the 23d of December 1842, with the Assent of the Right honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for facilitating preliminary Investigations of Criminal Cases connected with the Collection of the Revenue within the Presidency of Bombay.

I. It is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent for the revenue commissioner or his assistant, within the presidency of Bombay, to exercise the same powers as the collector and magistrate of any zillah under that presidency, in all matters touching the collection and management of the revenue, and the conduct of revenue officers in their official capacities, except that they shall not pass any sentence of punishment; but, when the preliminary inquiries are concluded, shall, if the charge be not dismissed, forward the accused to the magistrate for trial or for committal, according to the nature of the case.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that a revenue commissioner or his assistant, or a collector of land revenue or his assistant, or a sub-collector, may, by written order, delegate in any case to any native servant regularly employed on their respective establishments, not being of an inferior grade to a karcoon, any of the above powers of preliminary investigation, provided they be the same as are exercised by district officers of police under the Regulations; and the proceedings under this Act of all such servants shall be sent to the delegating authority for revision; and after such revision, if the charge be not dismissed, the case shall be forwarded to the magistrate as aforesaid.

III. And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any magistrate from making preliminary inquiries and proceeding under the Regulations in all the cases aforesaid, both where the charge has not been investigated under the aforesaid powers, and where it may have been dismissed.

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME GOVERNMENT, See.

95

INDEX TO THE ACTS

OF THE

SUPREME GOVERNMENT,

For 1842.

Acquisitions by exchange from the Sattara state

Act No. XXI. of 1889 extended to certain petty thefts, not being simple larcenies ----

No. VIII. of 1839, part o£ as relates to certain villages within the Bombay presidency, rescinded ----

— Nos. XIX. and XX. of 1841, the powers vested in the courts of Sudder Dewanny Adawlut by, made applicable to the courts of of the highest civil jurisdiction in the Madras and Bombay presidencies ----

----Nos. XXXII. of 1830, and XV. of 1839, prohibiting the landing

of foreign sugar within the presidency of Fort William or Fort St. George, made applicable to such sugar otherwise imported. See Sugar ---- ----

— Nos. XI. and XXVIII. of 1841 made applicable to camp followers of every description receiving public pay ----

----No. XIV. of 1839, and all Acts repealed thereby, so far as they are

applicable to the emigration of natives from Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay to the Mauritius, repealed. See Emigration -Assessments to be levied in towns, suburbs and settlements, or places of public resort and residence not within Calcutta, for the purposes of public health and convenience. See Municipal Law -

B.

Boats and catamarans in the Madras Roads, rules made for the better management of - -- -- -- -- -

---- carrying passengers, goods, or letters to and from ships in the Madras Roads and shore to obtain licences; in default, persons employing the boats how to be punished, and the boats how to be dealt with in such case - -- -- -- -- -

____master attendant may grant licences, and the same to be renewed on

what occasions. Change of abode of owners and boatmen where to be noted down ; in default of notice of such changes, parties how to be punished. What fee to be charged for new registration

— master attendant how to be satisfied of the capacity and condition of boats previously to granting a licence. What fee to be charged for survey and admeasurement of boats ----

____numbers corresponding with those of the registry and licence how

to be marked on; persons counterfeiting numbers how to be punished - -- -- -- -- --

— numbers how to be painted, cut, or branded for the prevention of

fraud or omission. Owners or other persons guilty of incorrect painting, cutting, branding, erasing, or concealing figures, how to be

punished - -- -- -- -- --

of certain dimensions mentioned how to be manned, and shall carry

what number of passengers and what quantity of goods -

----tin dais or owners of boats, or other persons acting as principals or

accessaries, how to be punished for surplus passengers and weight of cargo ----

____hours limited for boats to leave the shore, and to remain alongside

any vessel. Master attendant may prevent boats from putting off to or from the shore, and by what signal; parties how to be punished for breach of this clause ----

— when and where boats and catamarans, and their crews, to be exposed for the inspection of the Marine Board and the master attendant, and what steps to be adopted for enforcing the repair of boats found unseaworthy, and for the employment of efficient crews

places assigned for the landing of goods of descriptions mentioned; persons landing, or attempting to land otherwise, how to be punished — — vessels and dhonies, to anchor in what parts of the roads; owners of boats how to be punished for communicating with vessels and dhonies which shall be anchored otherwise -

ACT. SECTION.

VI.

in. I.

VL

YIII.

XI.

XII. IL

XV. L

X.

IV.

11 I.

11 II.

91 III.

11 IV.

11 V.

91 VI.

11 VII.

>1 VIII.

91 IX.

n X.

ii XI. (continued)

344-


96

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

Boats and catamarans; owners of boats, when not employed, to be in attendance at the boat-office during fixed hours of the day; in default, how they are to be punished ----

----owners of boats demanding a higher rate of hire beyond what is

fixed by Schedule (B.) how to be punished -

— owners, or persons deputed by them, how to be punished for refusing

to let on hire boats and catamarans, for public or private service, within the hours and in terms in Schedule (B.) -

----boatmen how to be punished for causing impediments to the service

of boats and catamarans ........

— — owners of, shall provide for service during the night certain numbers of boats, and in default how to be punished ----

— to be kept completely dunnaged and seaworthy; and in default thereof, and any damage of goods or cargo, as also for endangering lives, owners how to be punished ----

----what is to be the penalty on, having a communication with ships in

the offing or beyond the limits of the anchorage, before the master attendant’s report boat has boarded them ..... — — searches authorized to be made on boats and catamarans, and on persons on board such boats, for prohibited or smuggled goods; what penalty to be levied for impeding such searches ----Secs. III. IV. VII. VIII. IX. andX. of the Marine Police Regulation of Madras repealed - -- -- -- -

----justices of the peace for the Madras Presidency may exercise the

jurisdiction and authority ordained to be exercised by the master attendant and deputy master attendant of the port of Madras -

— owners or servants connected with, shall be amenable to Secs. XI. XII. and XIII. of the Marine Police Regulation -

— — Sec. XXXVI. of the above Regulation how applicable

— — cases of forfeitures and penalties by whom to be heard and determined, and how the penalties are to be recovered and disposed of - -- -- -- -- --

Bombay, certain villages brought under the government of, and made subject to regulations ----

C.

Calcutta, sale of opium and other intoxicating drug in, regulated. See Opium ----

Camp followers, of every description, receiving public pay to be subject to provisions of Acts XI. and XXVIII. of 1841, like enlisted soldiers -

Catamarans, the employment of, in the Madras Roads. See Boats.

Commissions to be issued to holders of alienated revenue within the Bombay Presidency, for facilitating the collection thereof. Schedule (A.) - -- -- -- -- --

Commissioners of revenue under the Bombay Presidency; numbers and powers of. See Revenue Commissioners.

Conveyance, a release shall be as effectual for the, of freehold estates as a lease and release by the same parties. See Statute.

Coolies, emigration of, to the Mauritius. See Emigration.

Courts of the highest civil and criminal jurisdiction in all the presidencies, how to be in future described in a general term in legislative enactments. See Sudder Court.

Criminal cases, preliminary investigation of, for collection of revenue within the Bombay Presidency. See Revenue Commissioners.

ACT. SECTION.

IV. XII.

99 XIII.

99 XIV.

99 XV.

99 XVI.

99 XVII.

99 XVIII.

99 XIX.

99 ;xx.

99 XXI.

99 XXII.

99 XXIII,

99 VI. XXIV.

XII. II.

XIII.

D.

Debts owing by persons, subject to Military Courts of Requests, n6t recoverable by traders of military cantonments, unless such traders shall have been registered as military bazaarmen at the time of the contract of the debts - - - - - - - -' XII.

Deshoor, village of, held in Inam under the Bombay Government, made

subject to Regulations - - - - - - - - VI.

E.

Emigration of Natives of the Company’s territories to the Mauritius allowed under order of Her Majesty’s Privy Council (recited in this Act); Act No. XIV. of 1839 of the Government of India repealed, except as it relates to ports other than those mentioned, and to emigrants proceeding to other places than the Mauritius - - -

— — — emigrants may be conveyed to the Mauritius from the ports of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay ----

XV.

rt

I.

I.

II.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1841.

97

Emigration; governments of the several presidencies may authorize persons nominated by the Mauritius Government to act as emigration agents, who shall make monthly reports of all matters to the govern- ACT. SECTION.

ment to which he is subordinate ---- ment; what fee to be levied per emigrant. Masters of ships cany-ing emigrants how to be bound over; what penalty to be imposed for XV. in.

conveying emigrants without a licence ---- - no licensed vessels shall receive on board emigrants without a 99 IY

pass from the emigration agent ---- a certificate from the agent, containing certain particulars, 99 V.

necessary before the clearing out of ships carrying emigrants . probable lengths of voyage of ships from the ports of Calcutta, n VI.

Madras, and Bombay to the Mauritius ---- masters of ships to deliver, before clearing out, to the agent a 99 VII.

list of the kind indicated, and to obtain a duplicate thereof - — masters clearing their ships without complying with the parti-culars before mentioned shall be liable to what punishment whose names are not entered in the lists aforesaid, how to be 99 VIII.

99 IX.

punished - -- -- - - - - -- masters of ships cleared for the Mauritius, committing acts by which the certificate obtained by them becomes inapplicable to the altered state of the ship or passengers or other matters, shall be punishable by a penalty laid down ---- ~ powers vested by law in officers of customs to be exercised by them for the prevention of illegal embarkation of emigrants and other offences. Pilots invested with the same powers as preventive officers 99 X.

If XI.

of customs in this behalf - -- -- -- -Emigration of Natives; attempts by intoxication, false imprisonment, or other means of crimping to export natives, how to be punished — duties required of the preventive officer of customs and pilot , on board vessels cleared for the Mauritius, in order to prevent additional emigrants being conveyed in them. Customs* officers and 99 XII.

>9 XIII.

pilots making improper reports, or conniving at the unauthorized embarkation of emigrants, how to be punishea -

99 XIV. XV. XVI.

99

G. Governor-general may exercise powers of the Governor-general in Council during his absence from Calcutta, except as regards making laws 99

and regulations - -- -- -- -- - II. I. II.

H. Harbour Regulations of Madras amended ---- I. Inamdars holding alienated lands within the Bombay Presidency, vested with increased powers to collect their revenue. See Jageerdars. 99

IV.

Intoxicating drugs, sale of, in Calcutta regulated. See Opium J. Jageerdars of alienated lands within the Bombay Presidency vested with increased powers under a commission from the Governor in Council I.

for collecting the revenue thereof ---- commissions shall be granted or withheld at the pleasure of government, and may be issued to the agents of the holder of revenue XIII. I.

as well as to himself - -- -- -- -- — the holder of the commission may demand security for the payment of the revenue, and, if it be not furnished, may act under Sec. 99 II.

XI. Regulation XVII. of 18*27, Bombay Code - — the holder of the commission may send mohussuls on defaulters under c. 2, 3 and 5, Sec. XII. Reg. XVII. of 1827, Bombay Code, and the mohussulle when to cease ---- — ' the holder of the commission to report to the collector on attaching the property of defaulters, and how shall the collector act XIII. III.

99 IV.

if the demand appear just - -- -- -- - 99 V.

— compulsory process to cease for what consideration. Suits, of

what descriptions, concerning such landholders, are to be tried before collectors and their assistants. What shall be the penalty for

enforcing processes after tender of security ---- 344- N 99 VI. (continued)

98

INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME

ACT.

SECTION.

Jageerdars; damages declared for demanding a rate of revenue in excess of that fixed by the Government, or the usual rate as declared by the local revenue officers of the village or pergunnah; holders of alienated lands, how to enable themselves to reassess lands paying less than the full jumma - -- -- -- -

the commission to extend to the revenue of the current and preceding season ----

XIII.

n

VII.

VIII.

L.

Labourers allowed to emigrate to the Mauritius from the Presidencies of Fort William, Madras and Bombay. See Emigration.

Lands, the collection of revenue on, alienated to jageerdars facilitated within the Bombay Presidency. Sec Jageerdars.

Lease for a year for giving effect to release of freehold estates, dispensed

with. See Statute -.....................................- IX.

Leases, grant of, by Zemindars regulated as to period and fixture of rent, in modification of Sections II. and III. Regulation XIV. of 1812 of the Bengal Code - -- -- -- -- XVI.

I.

M.

Madras harbour regulations amended ----

marine police regulation, Sections III. IV. VII. VIII. IX. and X. repealed - -- -- -- --

Mauritius, natives of the Company’s territories allowed to emigrate to, from the ports of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay. See Emigrants -Military Bazaars, no trader in military cantonments shall be allowed to recover any debts in Military Court of Requests for native troops from persons subject to such courts, unless such trader shall have been registered as a military bazaar-man at the time of contracting the debt -

Municipal Law for places of public resort or residence under the Presidency of Fort William, not within Calcutta -

---- two-thirds of the householders of any town, &c. &c., may

be authorized to make better provision for local purposes connected with public health and convenience ----

. Government may authorize persons from among the inha-

bitants, whose names may be presented, to form into a committee for effecting the local objects applied for ---- -

Committee may make assessments at rates necessary for

effecting the objects, and appoint servants, as may be requisite; rates of assessment limited, ana liability of the committee defined -

. Government may prescribe rules for every committee for

the security of funds, remove any member of such committee when the trust is in danger, and appoint a member in the room of the one removed, if none be nominated by the committee within a month ----

rriod fixed for the committee to render accounts of expenditures in manner and forms prescribed by the local government ----

----magistrates or justices of the peace shall exercise the

powers for levying rates from defaulters, as specified by Act II. of

1889 .................................................

— ---- rates shall not be invalidated for default of form. Iden-

tification of property assessed declared sufficient, and specification of names of owners or occupiers unnecessary in the recovery of rates by the sale of property under warrant - - - - -

----Government may dissolve committee and appoint persons

to report upon the conduct of such committee or any members thereof ----

IV.

n

XV.

XII.

X.

11

w

>»

11

11

11

11

11

XX.

I.

n

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VL

VII.

VIII.

N.

Nepanee Jageer, certain villages belonging to, annexed to the British territories under the Bombay Presidency ----

Nuisances in the towns and islands of Bombay and Colaba how to be prevented - -- -- -- -- --

- — no offensive matter to be deposited on open space of ground contiguous to public thoroughfares ----

- Court of Petty Sessions may order the owner or occupier of such open space to inclose the same, and in default cause such in closure to be made out of the Municipal Fund. The defaulter to be liable to what penalty in such case ----

----what steps to be taken for the conveyance of wastage, water,

filth, and other offensive matter, creating a public nuisance, and proceeding from houses or premises - - -

— privies in houses, how to be shut out from public view -

VI.

XIV.

11

u

11

11

I.

II.

III.

IV.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR THE YEAR 1841.

sm

Nuisances; every Driyjr, sink, drain, water-courses, compound, yard, lane or passage adjoining or belonging to houses to be kept clean to prevent their being a public nuisance

deposit of filth or rubbish on the roof or weather-boards of buildings prohibited, as also suspension therefrom of things projecting over streets. Provision made for bathing and washing clothes in public tanks and wells ----

court of petty sessions may require persons keeping brothels or

lodging-houses for prostitutes in public roads to shut up the same or remove the tenants - - -

> court of petty sessions may grant licences for coffee-shop, eating-

house, or any place of public resort, other than a licensed tavern or spirit-shop - ---- ----

offences against this Act how to be disposed of by the court of

petty sessions ----fines imposed under this Act how disposable

O.

Opium, sale of, in Calcutta to be regulated by laws and regulations concerning the sale of spirituous liquors in the said town -

Public health and convenience of inhabitants in towns and other places of public resort not within Calcutta, provided for. See Municipal Law ...................................................

R.

Regulations for the harbour of Madras amended........................

Regulations, called Marine Police of Madras. Secs. III. IV. VII. VIII.

IX. and X. repealed - -- -- -- --

Regulation XXIX. of 1827 and Regulation VII. of 1830 of the Bombay Code, parts of, as relate to certain villages, rescinded -

— — ----XIX. 1797, Sec. V. of the Bengal Code relating to fees for

translations of proceedings, repealed ----

---- — IV. 1803, Sec. XXXIII., ditto, ditto, ditto -

XIV. of 1812, Sec. II. and III. of the Bengal Code modi-

fied.

See Leases

V. of 1830 of the Bombay Code, parts of, as relate to the appointment of one revenue commissioner and to the exclusion of the Southern Mahratta country from his jurisdiction, repealed -Release for the conveyance of freehold estates made as effectual as a, lease and release by the same parties. See Statute .... Revenue, collection of, alienated within the Bombay Presidency to jag-eerdars and others facilitated. See Jageerdars.

Revenue Commissioners ; one or more may be appointed for the Bombay Presidency, and vested with powers under Regulation V. of 1830 - — each to have such number of deputies and assistants as the Governor in Council may appoint ----

----or their assistants within the Bombay Presidency may exercise

the powers of collector and magistrate of any zillah in matters of collection of revenue and conduct of revenue officers, except that they shall not pass sentence of punishment, but forward the accused to the magistrate for trial or committal ----

- or a collector of revenue or his assistant or a sub-collector may delegate to native servants of their establishments, and of certain grades, powers of preliminary investigations. Their proceedings to whom to be sent for revision, and after revision cases how to be disposed of - -- -- -- -- --

magistrates may continue making preliminary inquiries in the

above cases

Rules for the better management of boats and catamarans employed in the Madras Roads. See Boats and Catamarans.

S.

Sattara State, certain villages acquired by exchange from the

Spirituous Liquors; fee, tax or duty how to be demanded by officers granting licences under Act XVIII. of 1840 for the sale of, in Bombay and Colaba, and how to be made payable -

— non-payment of the fee, tax or duty will subject the licence to

be withheld or recalled; persons shall be liable to what penalties for selling liquors whilst the licence shall be withheld -Statute Ch. XXI. 4th and 6th Victoria for rendering a release as effectual for the conveyance of freehold estates as a lease and release by the same parties, extended to the E. I. Company’s territories

o

ACT. SECTION.

XIV. V.

99 VI.

99 VII.

99 VIII.

99 IX.

99 X.

I.

X.

IV.

99 XX

VI.

VII.

99

XVI.

XVII. I.

IX. I.

XVII. II.

99 III.

XVIII. I.

99 II.

99 III.

VI.

V. I.

99 II.

IX, I.

(icontinued)

344-

100 INDEX TO THE ACTS OF THE SUPREME GOVERNMENT, &c.

Stealing goods not exceeding in value Rs. 20 from places or persons of the nature and description mentioned, to be punished under Act ACT. TT T SECTION.

XXI. of 1839 - Sudder Court; powers vested in the court of Sudder Dewanny Adawlut by Acts XIX. and XX. of 1841, made applicable to the courts of the highest civil jurisdiction in the Madras and Bombay Presidencies, and the term Sudder Courts generalized for all the Presidencies hi. * I.

in describing courts of the highest civil and criminal jurisdiction Sugar, foreign, Acts XXXII. of 1888 and XV. of 1839, prohibiting the landing of, within the Presidency of Fort William or Fort St. VIII.

George, made applicable to such sugar otherwise imported Surinjamdars holding alienated lands within the Bombay Presidency, vested with increased powers to collect their revenue. See Jageerdar. XI.

T. Thefts, Act No XXI. of 1839, extended to certain cases of petty -Translations, rate of payment for, of proceedings for the use of civil courts modified, and Sec. V. Reg. XIX. 1797, and Sec. XXXIII. Reg. hi. I.

IV. 1803 of the Bengal code relating thereto repealed - V. Villages, certain, belonging to the Napanee Jageer, and others acquired by exchange from the Sattara State, annexed to the British territories under the Bombay Government ---- Village of Deshoor brought under regulations. See Deshoor. VII. I.

VI.

EAST INDIA

COPY of the ACTS passed by the Right Hon. The Governor-General of India in Council, for 1841 and 1842 j with Indexes.

(Presented pursuant to Aet of Parliament.)

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to be Printed, 5 June 1844.

[Price Is. 1

344

Under 1

