EAST INDIA.

o

ACTS passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of , and by the Right Honourable the Governor-General in Council, for 1844; with Index. — (Pursuant to Act.)

East India House, \ 27 January 184ti. J

JAMES C. MELVILL.

Ordered, by The House of Common*, to be Printed, 3 February 1846.

ACTS of the Government of India 1844.

ACT No. I. of 1844.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council, on ACTS of 1844

the 20th January 1844, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for securing certain Immunities and Privileges to His Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic, his Family and Retinue.

WHEREAS questions have lately been raised as to the liability of persons of the family, household and retinue of his Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic to the process and jurisdiction of courts of justice, and it is deemed expedient that provision should be made for protecting by legislative enactment, under the qualifications hereinafter mentioned, certain individuals of the family, household and retinue of his said Highness from any such liability, and from claims and litigation to establish any such liability:

I. It is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council of Fort St. George to publish from time to time in the Gazette at Madras, lists containing the names of persons belonging to the family, household or retinue of his Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic, or of the Nabob Regent for the time being, who are to be entitled under this Act to privilege from civil and criminal process, and also from time to time to revise and alter such lists, and publish in the Gazette as aforesaid new lists of the persons entitled for the time being to such privilege, and the list which shall have been last so published shall be the list which for the time being shall be in force and effect for the purpose of this Act.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that no writ or process shall at any time be sued forth or prosecuted against the person, goods or property of his Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic, or of the Nabob Regent for the time being, or of any person whose name shall be included in any list so published in the Gazette as aforesaid, and which for the time being shall be in force and effect for the purpose of this Act, unless such writ or process shall be so sued forth or prosecuted with the consent of the Governor in Council of Fort St. George first had and obtained, such consent to be testified by the signature of the secretary or one of the secretaries of Government, and that any writ or process which shall at any time be sued forth or prosecuted against the person or goods or property of his said Highness or of the Nabob Regent, or of any such person as aforesaid, without such consent as aforesaid, so testified as aforesaid, shall be utterly null and void.

18. a III. And

EAST INDIA.

ACTS passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India, and by the Right Honourable the Governor-General in Council, for 1844; with Index. — (Pursuant to Act.)

East India House, \ 27 January 184fi. /

JAMES C. MELVILL.

Ordered, by The House of Commons, to be Printed, 3 February 1846.

ACTS of the Government of India 1844.

' ACT No. I. of 1844.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council, on the 20th January 1844, with the Assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

An Act for securing certain Immunities and Privileges to His Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic, his Family and Retinue.

WHEREAS questions have lately been raised as to the liability of persons of the family, household and retinue of his Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic to the process and jurisdiction of courts of justice, and it is deemed expedient that provision should be made for protecting by legislative enactment, under the qualifications hereinafter mentioned, certain individuals of the family, household and retinue of his said Highness from any such liability, and from claims and litigation to establish any such liability:

I. It is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council of Fort St. George to publish from time to time in the Gazette at Madras, lists . containing the names of persons belonging to the family, household or retinue of his Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic, or of the Nabob Regent for the time being, who are to be entitled under this Act to privilege from civil and criminal process, and also from time to time to revise and alter such lists, and publish in the Gazette as aforesaid new lists of the persons entitled for the time being to such privilege, and the list which shall have been last so published shall be the list which for the time being shall be in force and effect for the purpose of this Act.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that no writ or process shall at any time be sued forth or prosecuted against the person, goods or property of his Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic, or of the Nabob Regent for the time being, or of any person whose name shall be included in any list so published in the Gazette as aforesaid, and which for the time being shall be in force and effect for the purpose of this Act, unless such writ or process shall be so sued forth or prosecuted with the consent of the Governor in Council of Fort St. George first had and obtained, such consent to be testified by the signature of the secretary or one of the secretaries of Government, and that any writ or process which shall at any time be sued forth or prosecuted against the person or goods or property of his said Highness or of the Nabob Regent, or of any such person as aforesaid, without such consent as aforesaid, so testified as aforesaid, shall be utterly null and void.

18. a III. And

ACTS of 1844..

2

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1844.

III. And it is hereby enacted and directed, that the said Governor in Council of Fort St. George shall from time to time cause to be furnished to the Governor-general of India in Council copies of any and every list which shall be so published as aforesaid, and shall conform to and follow any directions which he may from time to time receive from the Governor-general of India in Council, respecting the persons to be included in any such list from time to time, and otherwise with respect to the matters which are the subject of this Act; and also, that the said Governor in Council of Fort St. George shall from time to time cause every list which shall be published in the Gazette as aforesaid, to be also otherwise published in such manner as shall be deemed proper and sufficient for the purpose of making the same generally known.

IV. And it is hereby enacted and provided, that this Act shall not be construed or be held to be in any way declaratory or explanatory of the meaning or effect of any treaty made or entered into with his Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic, and shall not be construed either to enlarge or restrict the operation of any such treaty, and that independently of this Act his Highness the Nabob of the Carnatic and the Nabob Regent for the time being, and their respective families, dependants and retinue shall be entitled to claim, maintain and enjoy any privilege which by virtue of any such treaty or otherwise they may be rightfully entitled to.

ACT No. II. op 1844.

Passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India in Council, on the 17th February 1844, with the assent of the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India.

A tf Act respecting the Expense of preparing Copies of Proceedings in Appeals.

Whereas it is just and necessary that the expense of preparing copies in the English language of the proceedings in cases appealed to the Queen in Council, as now required by section 5, Regulation XVI. 1797, and section 34, Regulation V. 1803, of the Bengal Code, section 5, Regulation VIII. of 1818, of the Madras Code, and clause 6, section C, of Regulation IV. of 1827, of the Bombay Code, should be borne by the parties prosecuting those appeals:

I. It is hereby enacted, that in all cases of appeals to the Queen in Council from judgments delivered by the Courts of Sudder Dewanny Adawlut at Fort William, Fort St. George, Bombay, and at Allahabad, the expense of preparing two copies of all the proceedings held, and judgments or orders given in the case appealed, ineluding the whole of the evidence and documents, and of translating into the English language such of the aforesaid proceedings as may have been originally drawn out in the country languages, shall be defrayed by the parties prosecuting the appeal.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, that the Courts of Sudder Dewanny Adawlut are empowered and required to cause the deposit by the appellant, within the time allowed for furnishing security for costs of appeal, of such a sum as shall be sufficient to cover the expense of making the two aforesaid copies, and when such deposit shall have been made, and not till then, to declare the appeal admitted, and to give notice thereof to the appellant and respondent respectively.

ACT No. III. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council,

on the 2d March 1844.

An Act for legalizing the infliction of Corporal Punishment in cases of Petty Larceny generally, and when committed by offenders of tender age.

Whereas it is expedient, until adequate improvements in prison discipline can be effected, to substitute corporal punishment for imprisonment in the case of certain offences:

I. It

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

3

I. It is hereby enacted, in modification of clause 1, section 2, Regulation II. ACTS of 1844.

of 1834, that it shall be competent to a magistrate, on conviction in cases of----

thefts of property not exceeding in value the sum of 50 rupees, to sentence

the person convicted to corporal punishment not exceeding 30 stripes of a rat an.

II. And whereas it is also expedient, that offenders of tender age should be punished rather in the way of school discipline than of ordinary criminal justice : it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to a magistrate, and he is hereby required, on conviction in cases of theft of property not exceeding in value the sum of 50 rupees, if the person convicted shall appear to him by inspection or other evidence to be of such tender years as to require punishment rather in the way of school discipline than of ordinary criminal justice, to sentence such person to corporal punishment with a light ratan, not exceeding ten stripes.

III. And it is hereby further provided and enacted, that no female shall be subject to corporal punishment, and that in cases of infliction of corporal punishment, no other punishment shall be superadded, and that the punishment shall be inflicted on all occasions in the presence of the magistrate.

ACT No. IV. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council, on

the 2d March 1844.

An Act for repealing Regulation IX. of 1808, of the Bengal Code.

Whereas the provisions of Regulation IX. of 1808, of the Bengal Code, “ for the apprehension of persons concerned in the offence of Gang Robbery, and especially the Sirdars or Leaders of Gangs of Dacoits,” have, by reason of their extreme severity, become nearly obsolete :

It is hereby enacted, that the said Regulation be repealed.

ACT No. Y. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council, on

the 2d March 1844.

An Act for the suppression of all Lotteries not authorized by Government.

Whereas great mischief has been found to result from the existence of lotteries :

I. It is hereby enacted, that in the territories subject to the government of the East India Company, all lotteries not authorized by Government, shall from and after the 31st day of March 1844, be deemed, and are hereby declared common and public nuisances and against law.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that from and after the day aforesaid, no person shall, in the said territories, publicly or privately, keep any office or place for the purpose of drawing any lottery not authorized by Government, or shall have any such lottery drawn, or shall knowingly suffer any such lottery to be drawn in his or her house; and any person so offending shall, for every such offence, upon conviction before a justice of the peace or magistrate, be punished by fine not exceeding 5,000 rupees.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that from and after the day aforesaid, no person shall under any pretence, device or description whatsoever, agree to pay any sum, or to deliver any goods, or to do or forbear doing any thing for the benefit of any person, whether with or without consideration, on any event or contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any ticket, lot, number or figure, in any

*8. a 2 such

ACTS of 1844.

Rescinding all Regulation* of the Madras Code impoeing inland, transit and town duties.

Rescinding Regulations of the Madras Code imposing sea customs duties, with certain exceptions.

Proviso.

Duties to be levied on goods imported by sea into the Presidency of Fort St. George.

Duties to be levied on goods exported by sea from the Presidency of Fort St. George.

Duties to be levied on goods passing by land into or out of foreign European settlements adjacent to the Presidency of Fort St. Gcor

4 ACTS OF THE

such lottery, or shall publish any proposal for any of the purposes aforesaid, and any person offending in any of the matters mentioned in this section shall, for every such offence, upon conviction before a justice of the peace or magistrate, be punished by fine not exceeding 1,000 rupees.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that every fine which shall be incurred under the provisions of this Act shall be applied, one-half to the use of Government, and the other half to the use of the informer or informers.

ACT No. VI. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council, on the

16th March 1844.

An Act for abolishing the levy of Transit or Inland Customs Duties, for revising the Duties on Imports and Exports by Sea, and for determining the price at which Salt shall be sold for Home consumption within the Territories subject to the Government of Fort St. George.

I. It is hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of April 1844, such parts of Regulation X. of 1803, Regulation I. of 1812, Regulation III. of 1812, Regulation VI. of 1812, and Regulation III. of 1821, of the Madras Code, and all such parts of any Regulations of the said Code, as prescribe the levy of transit or inland customs duties at any town or place within the limits of the Presidency of Fort St. George, shall be repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that Regulation IX. of 1803, with exception of sections 55 to 70, both inclusive, Regulation XI. 1803, Regulation XIV. of 1808, Regulation XV. of 1808, with exception of section 5, Regulation II. of 1812, with exception of sections 15 and 17, Regulation IV. of 1812, and such parts of Regulation I. of 1813, of the same Code, as relate to the rates of duty and drawback on spirituous liquors imported or exported by sea, also Regulation II. of 1816, Regulation II. of 1818, Regulation III. of 1818, Regulation IV. of 1819, and Regulation VII. of 1819,together with the Schedules appended thereunto,excepting in so far as any of these Regulations rescind any former Regulations, either in part or in whole, of the Madras Code, and likewise the provisions of any kind contained in the foregoing or any other Regulations of the Madras Code for fixing the amount of duty to be levied on goods imported or exported by sea, at any place within the limits of the Presidency of Fort St. George, or the drawback payable on the same, shall be repealed.

III. Provided always, that nothing contained in the two preceding sections of this Act shall be construed to prevent the levy of any municipal tax, or of any toll on any bridge, road, canal, pier or causeway, for repair and maintenance of the same, or of any fee for the erection and maintenance of lighthouses.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that duties of customs shall be levied on goods imported by sea into any place within the territories subordinate to the government of the Presidency of Fort St. George, after the said 1st day of April 1844, according to the rates specified in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act, with the exceptions specified therein; and the Schedule, with the Notes attached thereto, shall be taken to be a part of this Act.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, that duties of customs shall be levied upon country goods exported by sea from any ports of the Presidency of Fort St. George after the said lst day of April 1844, according to the rates specified in Schedule (B.) annexed to this Act, with the exceptions therein specified; and the said Schedule, with the Notes attached thereto, shall also be taken to be a part of this Act.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that duties of customs shall be levied on goods passing by land into or out of foreign European settlements, situated on the line of coast within the limits of the Presidency of Fort St. George, at the rates prescribed in the Schedules of this Act for goods imported or exported on foreign bottoms at any British port in that Presidency.

VII. And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor in ACTS of 1844.

Council of the Presidency of Fort St. George to declare, by notice to be pub- -

lished in the Gazette of that Presidency, that the territory of any native chief, Tt'e Governor *“ cannot subject to the jurisdiction of the courts and civil authorities of that Presi- ii^he then°tlC* dency, shall be deemed to be foreign territory, and to declare goods passing into

or out of such territory liable either to the duty fixed for British or for foreign diction of’th" CouruT*" bottoms, as the said Governor in Council may think fit. to * foreisn-

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that for the levy of duties of customs as Customs chokm m»y

above provided on goods exported by land to, or imported by laud from, such J 1for

foreign territories, customs chokees may be established at such places as may be pllilg ioto”r°oufrf* determined by the said Governor in Council, and every officer at every such chokee fore,gD ,erritory-shall have power to detain goods passing into or out of any such foreign territory, ^X^how*”" * and to examine and ascertain the quantities and kinds thereof; and such goods Goods not to be allowed shall not be allowed to pass across the frontier line out of or into the territory of *ppam«.•«*»the frontier the East India Company, until the owner or person in charge thereof shall pro- iTth^du^thcrron6'*1* duce and deliver a certificate showing that the customs duty leviable thereupon having been paid in full, has been paid in full.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Governor in The Governor in c<.un. Council to appoint such officers as he may think fit, to receive money on account tocXyc*d!uie% and t" of customs duties, and grant certificates of the payment thereof, and that such a grant certificate, of pay. certificate being delivered to any chokee officer shall entitle goods to cross the ,n*“ts'

frontier into or out of the East India Company’s territories, provided that the

goods correspond in description with the specification thereof contained in such

certificate, and that the certificate show the entire amount of duty leviable on

those goods to have been duly paid ; and if upon examination the goods brought if good, be found not

to any chokee be found not to correspond with the specification entered in the Imcatir^ediffwencVro

certificate presented with the same, the difference shall be noted on the face of 1* noted on the f»™ of

the certificate, and if the payment of duty certified therein shall not cover the du'y hlv^not wduly'

entire amount of duty leviable on the goods as ascertained at such examination, p4'*. the gooi» to be

the goods shall be detained until a further certificate for the difference shall be cwtifiroteX p^Jdu'ctT

produced.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that the said Governor in Council shall give public The appointment, of notice in the official Gazette of the Presidency of Fort St. George, of the appoint- t^dutie. ^'Vhe fron. ment of every officer appointed to receive customs duties on goods crossing the tier to be notified in the land frontier of the said foreign territories, and the officers so appointed shall, on Gaxette-receipt of money tendered as customs duty, be bound to give to any merchant or tmund^o^ronTcertfii. other person applying for the same, a certificate of payment, and to enter therein »«*» »n receipt of the the specification of goods, with the values and description thereof, according to ,ro,lcr duty‘

the statement furnished by the person so applying, provided only that the proper duty leviable thereupon, according to the descriptions and values stated, be covered by the payment made.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that -no certificate, shall be received at any onificte. not to b«r chokee that shall bear date more than 30 days before the date when the goods niTthluI

. , t t J , 0 before the arrival of the

arrive at the chokee; provided, however, that any person who has taken out a good*. certificate from any authorized receiver of customs duties, shall at any time Proviw. within the said period of 30 days, on satisfying such receiver that such certificate has not been used, and on delivering up the original, be entitled to receive a renewed certificate with a fresh date, without further payment of duty.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Governor The Goremor in Coun-in Council to prescribe, by public notice in the official Gazette of the Presi- owttTbywhVrouuL dency of Fort St. George, by what routes goods shall be allowed to pass into good. m»y crow the Uad or out of any such foreign territory, as is described in sections 6 and 7 lruuUtr-

of this Act; and after such notice shall be given, goods which may be brought After which, gooda to any chokee established on other routes or passes than those so prescribed, |^?ulbw w tomSo* shall, if provided with a certificate, be sent back; and if not provided with a « confi»c»tion. certificate shall be detained, and shall be liable to confiscation by the collector of customs, unless the person in charge thereof shall be able to satisfy the said collector that his carrying them by that route was from ignorance or accident.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, that goods which maybe passed, or which Good, crowing frontman attempt may be made to pass across any frontier guarded by chokees, between ^1,™ ”"* sunset and sunrise, or in a clandestine manner, shall be seized and confiscated.

.18. A 3 XIV. And

ACTS of 1844. 6

ACTS OF THE

Penalty for officer permitting goods to cross

the frontier without certificate, or by prohibited route.

Penalty for a ehokee officer needlessly and vexatiously injuring goods, or wrongfully detaining them.

Goods imported by sea from Foreign European settlements or Native states declared foreign, to he liable to duties leviable on foreign bottoms.

No dutiable goods entered in either of the Schedules of this Act to be exempted unlew under special order of Government.

Proviso.

Proviso under which goods may be imported duty free from any other Madras port.

Further proviso under which credit may be given at any Madras port for duties paid at any other British Indian port.

The Governor in Council to notify in the official Gazette the valuation of articles liable to ad valorem Duty.

When no value has been fixed or declared, duty to be levied according to the market value.

The market value, how and by whom to be declared.

Application to be made in writing for the pass* ing of goods through the Custom-house.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted, that any ehokee officer who shall permit goods to pass across the frontier when not covered by a sufficient certificate, or who shall permit goods to pass by any prohibited route, shall be liable, on conviction before the collector of customs, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, and to a fine not exceeding 500 rupees, commutable, if not paid, to imprisonment for a further period of six months.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that if any ehokee officer shall needlessly and vexatiously injure goods under the pretence of examination or in the course of his examination, or shall wrongfully detain goods for which there shall be produced a sufficient certificate, such officer shall, on conviction before the collector of customs, or before any magistrate or joint magistrate, be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, and to fine not exceeding 500 rupees, commutable, if not paid, to imprisonment for a further period of six months.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that all goods imported by sea into any port of the Presidency, of Fort St. George from any foreign European settlement in India, or from any native state, the inland trade of which has been declared by the Governor in Council of the Presidency of Fort St. George under section 7 of this Act to be subject to the duties levied on foreign bottoms, shall be liable to the same duties as are imposed by Schedule (A.) on imports on foreign bottoms.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, that no goods whatsoever entered in either of the Schedules of this Act as liable to duty, shall be exempted from the payment of such duty or of any part thereof, except under special order from the Governor in Council of the Presidency of Fort St. George: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the collector of customs or other officer in charge of a custom-house, to pass free of duty any baggage in actual use, at his discretion; and if any person shall apply to have goods passed as such baggage, the collector acting under the orders of the Government, shall determine whether they be baggage in actual use, or goods subject to duty under the provisions of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, that when goods are imported at any port of the Presidency of Fort St. George from any other port in that Presidency, under certificate that the export duty specified in Schedule (B.) has been duly paid thereon, or that there has been a re-export, and that the import duty specified in Schedule (A.) has been duly paid, the said goods shall be admitted to free entry.

XIX. Provided also, that when duties of customs shall have been paid on any goods at any port in any part of the territories of the East India Company not subject to the Presidency of Fort St. George, and such goods shall subsequently be imported at any port of the Presidency of Fort St. George, credit shall be given at such last-mentioned port for the sum that may be proved, by the production of due certificates, to have been so paid.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council of the Presidency of Fort St. George, from time to time, by notice in the official Gazette of that Presidency, to fix a value for any article or number of articles liable to ad valorem duty, and the value so fixed for such articles shall, till altered by a similar notice, be taken to be the value of such articles for the purpose of levying duty on the same.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, that when goods liable to duty, for which a value has not been fixed by such a notice as is above directed, or for which a fixed duty has not been declared by the Schedules annexed to this Act, are brought to any custom-house in the Presidency of Fort St. George, for the purpose of being passed for importation or exportation, the duty leviable on such goods shall be levied ad valorem, that is to say, according to the market value of such goods at the place and time of importation or exportation, as the case may be.

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That the market value for assessment of duties on ad valorem goods shall be declared by the owner, consignee or exporter, or by the agent or factor for any of these respectively, upon the face of the application to be given in by him in writing for the passing of the goods through the custom-house, and the value so declared shall include the packages or materials in which the goods are contained, and the application shall truly set forth the name

of

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

7 ACTS of 1844.

of the ship in which the goods have been imported or are to be exported, the name wb»t the application « of the master of the said ship, the colours under which the said ship sails, the tocontai“-number, description, marks and contents of the packages, and the country in which the goods were produced.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that every such declaration, when duly Declaration of myket

. «. .. J . . , , ’ . , value to be eubmitted to

signed, shall be submitted to the officer of customs appointed to appraise goods at appraising officer.

the custom-house, and if it shall appear to him that the same is correct, he shall

countersign it as admitted; but if any part or the whole of the goods shall seem to

him to be undervalued in such declaration, he shall report the same to the collector undervalued good, at

of customs, who shall have power to take the goods or any part thereof as pur- ‘kepneeso declared.

chased for the Government at the price so declared; and whenever the collector of how

customs shall so take goods for the Government, payment thereof shall be made mad*-

to the consignee or importer, if the goods be imported goods, within 15 days

from the date of the declaration, the amount of import duty leviable thereon

being first deducted, and if the goods be intended for exportation, the entire

value as declared shall be paid without deduction on account of customs duty.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor in Council of the Presidency of Fort St. George to declare by public notice in the official Gazette of that Presidency, what places within the same shall be ports for the landing and shipment of merchandize, and any goods that may be landed, or which an attempt may be made to land, at any other port than such as shall be so declared, shall be seized and confiscated.

XXV. And it is hereby enacted, that when any vessel shall arrive in any port of the Presidency of Fort St. George, the master shall deliver a true manifest of the cargo on board, made out according to the form annexed to this Act, and marked (C.), to the first person duly empowered to receive such manifest that may come on board, and if no such person shall have come on board before the anchor of the said vessel is dropped, then the manifest shall be forwarded to land on board of the first boat that leaves the vessel after dropping anchor, and if the port be up a river or at a distance from the land first made, then it shall be lawful for the said Governor in Council, by an order published in the official Gazette of the Presidency, to fix a place in any such river or port beyond which place it shall not be lawful for any inward-bound vessel, except such country craft as are described in sections 54 and 55 of this Act, to pass, until the master shall have forwarded, in such manner as may be ordered by the said Governor in Council, such a manifest as is required by this Act.

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted, that if the manifest so delivered by the master shall not contain a full and true specification of all the goods imported in the vessel, the said master shall be liable to a fine of 1,000 rupees, and any goods or packages that may be found on board in excess of the manifest so delivered, or differing in quality or kind, or in marks and numbers from the specification contained therein, shall be liable to be seized by any customs officer and confiscated, or to be charged with double or such increased duties as may be determined by the collector of customs under the orders of Government.

Government to notify in the official Gazette the ports for landing and •hipping merchandize; goods landing at other ports to be confiscated.

Manifests of cargo to be sent in by masters of vessels on arrival.

The Governor in Council may appoint places beyond which no inward-bound vessel may pass until the master have forwarded his manifest of cargo.

Excepting certain country craft.

Penalty for a master delivering a manifest not containing a full and trne specification of cargo.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, that if any inward-bound vessel shall remain Ma»te™ of inward-bound outside or below the place that may be fixed by the said Governor in Council for

the first delivery of manifests, the master shall deliver a manifest as hereinbefore Gov«"\or >“ Council, prescribed, to the first person duly empowered to receive such manifest that may fiX' *° e'Tern“,u* come on board, and if any vessel entering a port for which there is a customhouse established, shall lie at anchor therein for the space of 24 hours, the master whereof shall refuse to deliver the said manifest in the manner above Penalty for the ma«ter prescribed, he shall for such refusal be liable to fine not exceeding 1,000 ^”7manifcitg *° rupees, and no entry or port clearance shall be given for such vessel until the fine is paid.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that no vessel shall be allowed to break No t<*i to break bulk bulk until a manifest as required by this Act, and another copy thereof to be pre-

sented at the time of applying for entry inwards, if so required by the collector of p»pen. customs, shall have been received by the said collector, or until order shall have been given by the said collector for the discharge of the cargo, and that the said collector may further refuse to give such order if he 9hall see fit, until any port clearances, cocketts or other papers, known to be granted at the places from which the vessel is stated to have come, shall likewise be delivered to him.

18. a 4 XXIX. And

ACTS of 1844. 8

ACTS OF THE

Goods moved from or put on board of any vessel without due entry in the custom-house, or permission for discharge of cargo, to be seized as contraband.

After entry in due form, cargo not declared for re-ezportation may be landed, and export cargo laden.

Goods liable to seizure and confiscation if attempted to be landed or put on board in contravention of this Act.

Penalty on master if cargo do not correspond with his manifest, or if goods sent out of the vessel be not landed at the prescribed places.

Provision for the amendment of obvious errors in manifests of cargo.

One or more places in evei y port tobeappointed for the landing and shipment of goods.

Goods landing at or shipping from any other place without special permission to be confiscated.

The Governor in Council may license boats for landing and shipping merchandize *, and after notification goods found on any other boats to be liable to confiscation.

Excepting under special permit from the collectoi of customs.

After due notification by Government the collector of customs empowered to station customs officers on board of any vessel.

Penalty for the master of a vessel refusing to receive and accommodate such officer.

Collector of customs may issue warrant to se&ich any vessel.

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted, that no goods shall be allowed to leave any vessel or to be put on board thereof, until entry of the vessel shall have been duly made in the custom-house of the port, nor until order shall have been given for discharge of the cargo thereof, as above provided, and it shall be the duty of every customs officer to seize as contraband any goods which have been removed or put on board of any vessel in contravention of the above provision, or which any attempt shall have been made to remove from, or to put on board of any vessel in contravention of the above provision; and after entry of the vessel at the custom-house in due form, such part of the cargo as may not be declared for re-exportation in the same vessel shall be sent to land, and export cargo shall be laden on board, according to the forms and rules that may be prescribed for the port by this Act, or by order of the Governor in Council of the Presidency of Fort St. George, and if an attempt be made to land or put on board goods or merchandize in contravention of the forms and rules so prescribed, the goods shall be liable to seizure and confiscation.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted, that if goods entered in the manifest of a vessel shall not be found on board that vessel, or if the quantity found be short and the deficiency be not duly accounted for, or if goods sent out of the vessel be not landed at the custom-house, or at such other place as the collector of customs shall have prescribed, the master shall he liable to a penalty not exceeding 500 rupees for every missing or deficient package of unknown value, and for twice the amount of duty chargeable on the goods deficient and unaccounted for, if the duty can be ascertainedprovided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the collector of customs from permitting at his discretion the master of any vessel to amend obvious errors, or to supply omissions from accident or inadvertence, by furnishing an amended or supplemental manifest.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, that there shall in every port of the Presidency of Fort St. George be one or more places appointed for the landing and shipment of goods, and goods shall not be landed at or shipped from any other place without the special order in writing of the collector of customs for the port; and if any goods be landed, or an attempt be made to land any goods at any other than the said authorized places, or if any goods he shipped or an attempt be made to ship any goods from any others than the said authorized places without such order, they shall be seized and confiscated.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, that if the Governor in Council shall see fit, for the security of customs at any port, to maintain special establishments of boats for the landing and shipping of merchandize, or to license and register the cargo boat9 plying in any ports, then after due notification thereof, it shall not be lawful for any person to convey goods to or from any vessel in such port, otherwise than in the boats so authorized and prescribed, except under special permit from the collector of customs at the port, and any goods that may be found on board of other boats than those so authorized for the port, shall be liable to be seized by an officer of customs, and shall be liable to confiscation.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that when the Governor in Council of the Presidency of Fort St. George shall see fit to maintain at any port an establishment of officers to be sent on board of vessels, to watch their unlading and lading, then, after due notification shall have been given that such establishment is so maintained at any port, the collector of customs at that port shall have power at his discretion to send one or more officers of such establishment to remain on board of any vessel in such port, by night and by day, until the vessel shall leave the port, or it shall be otherwise ordered by the collector.

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that any master of such vessel at such port who shall refuse to receive such officer with one servant on board, when such officer shall be so deputed as above provided, or shall not afford such officer and such servant suitable shelter and sleeping accommodation while on board, and likewise furnish them with a due allowance of fresh water if necessary and with the means of cooking on board, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding the sum of 100 rupees for each day during which such officer and servant shall not be received and provided with suitable shelter and accommodation.

XXXV. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever a collector of customs shall see cause to direct that any vessel shall he searched, he shall issue his warrant or written order for such search, addressed to any officer under ids authority, and

upon

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

9

ACTS of 1844.

upon production of such order the officer bearing it shall be competent to require-any cabins, lockers or bulk-heads to be opened in his presence, and if they be not opened upon his requisition, to break the same open ; and any goods that may be found concealed, and that shall not be duly accounted for to the satisfaction of the collector of customs, shall be liable to confiscation, and any master or person in charge of a vessel who shall resist such officer, or refuse to allow the vessel to be searched when so ordered by the collector of customs, shall be liable upon conviction for every such offence to a fine of 1,000 rupees.

XXXVI. And it is hereby enacted, that every master of a vessel who shall remove from such vessel or put on board thereof any goods, or cause or suffer any goods to be removed from thence or put on board thereof between sunset and sunrise, or on any day when the custom-house is closed for business, without leave in writing obtained from the collector of customs, shall be punished with a fine not exceeding 500 rupees.

» XXXVII. And it is hereby enacted, that no cargo boat laden with goods intended for exportation by sea shall make fast to, or lie alongside of any vessel on board of which there shall be a customs officer stationed, unless there shall be on board the boat, or have been received by the said customs officer, a custom-house permit or order for the shipment of the goods, and the goods on board of any boat that rnay so be alongside or be made fast to a vessel, if such goods be not covered by a custom-house pass accompanying them, or previously received by the customs officer on board the said vessel, shall be liable to confiscation.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that when goods shall be sent from on board of any vessel having a customs officer on board for the purpose of being landed and passed for importation, there shall be sent with each boat load or other separate despatch a boat note, specifying the number of packages, and the marks and numbers or other description thereof, and such boat note shall be signed by an officer of the vessel, and likewise by the customs officer on board, and if any imported goods be found in a boat proceeding to land from such a vessel without a boat note, or if being accompanied by a boat note they be found out of the proper track between the ship and the proper place of landing, the boat containing such goods may be detained by any officer of customs duly authorized by the collector, and unless the cause of deviation be explained to the satisfaction of the collector of customs, the goods shall be liable to confiscation.

XXXIX. And it is hereby enacted, that when goods shall be brought to be passed through the custom-house, either for importation or exportation by sea, if the packages in which the same may be contained shall be found not to correspond with the description of them given in the application for passing them through the custom-house, or if the contents thereof be found not to have been correctly described in regard to sort, quality or quantity, or if any goods not stated in the application be found concealed in or mixed up with the specified articles, all such packages, with the whole of the goods contained therein, shall be liable to confiscation.

XL. And it is hereby enacted, that if any person after goods have been landed, and before they have been passed through the custom-house, removes or attempts to remove them wdth the intention of defrauding the revenue, the goods shall be liable to confiscation, unless it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the collector of customs that the removal was not sanctioned by the owner or by any person having an interest in or power over the goods.

XLI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the collector of customs, whenever he shall see fit, to require that goods brought by sea and stowed in bulk shall be weighed or measured on board ship, before being sent to land, and to levy duty according to the result of such weighing or measurement.

XLII. And it is hereby enacted, that clause 2, section 11, of Regulation I. of 1805, of the Madras Code, shall be repealed.

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the price to be paid by the purchasers of salt to the government of the Presidency of Fort St. George, for salt that may be manufactured and sold under the orders of the Governor in Council, for consumption within the territories subordinate to the Presidency of Fort St. George, shall subsequent to the date specified in section 1 of this Act be one Company’s rupee and eight annas for every maund of 3,200 tolas weight of salt.

18. B XLIV. And

Power* of an officer bearing such warrant.

Penalty for any master of a Teasel resisting officer with warrant for search.

Penalty for a master removing or potting on board goods between sunset and sunrise, or when the custom-house is closed, without leave from collector.

Export cargo boats without permits not allowed to lie alongside vessels on which custom# officers are stationed.

Goods on such boats if not covered by a pass to be liable to confiscation.

In the removal of goods from on board any vessel, a boat note to be sent with each separate despatch.

Goods liable to confiscation if found without a boat note, or out of the track between the vessel and the proper place of landing.

Goods brought to be passed through the custom-house, if not corresponding with the description in the application, liable to confiscation.

Goods liable to confiscation if removed with fraudulent intention after landing, and before passing through the customhouse.

Collector of customs may require goods in bulk to be weighed or measured before landing, and levy duty accordingly.

Rescinding c. 2, a. 11, of Reg. I. of 1806, of the Madras Code.

Fixing the price to be paid for salt within the Presidency of Madras.

ACTS of 1844. 10

ACTS OF THE

The Governor-general in Council empowered to grant n remission of this price.

Salt having pftid the home consumption price nifty be landed free at any other Madras port under certificate.

Limited period allowed for discharge of import oargo of vessel on which customs officer may be stationed.

Limited period allowed for discharging cargo from any venel without a customs officer on board.

Goods remaining on board after period allowed, to be landed and warehoused by order of collector.

Customs collector, with consent of master of vessel, may cause any packages to be deposited in the Government warehouses*

The collector empowered to sell goods if not cleared from Custom-house within period specified.

Limited period allowed for putting export cargo on hoard of any vessel.

XLIV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to the Governor- ' general of India in Council to grant a remission of the price specified in the last preceding section of this Act, in cases in which it may appear that the grant of such remission is expedient.

XLV. And it is hereby enacted, that on application by the exporter of any salt that has paid the full price fixed to be paid for salt sold for home consumption under the provisions of section 43 of this Act, a certificate shall be granted by the collector of customs at the place of export, under authority of which certificate the quantity of salt specified therein shall be landed at any other port of the said Presidency of Fort St. George, and shall be passed from such port under the proper passes applicable to the free passage of salt into the interior, without the levy of any further duty of customs.

XLVI. And it is hereby enacted, that when a customs officer shall be sent on board of any vessel to superintend the delivery of cargo, 20 days, exclusive of Sundays and holidays, shall be allowed for the discharge of the import cargo of vessels not exceeding 600 tons burthen, and 30 days, exclusive of Sundays and holidays, for the discharge of the import cargo of vessels exceeding that burthen, and the said periods shall be calculated from the day when the customs officer first went on hoard : and if the whole cargo be not discharged by the expiration of the above-mentioned periods, the master shall be charged with the wages of such officer, and other expenses for any further period that such officer may be detained on board; and if the owners, importers or consignees do not bring their goods to land within the periods above fixed, it shall be the duty of the master so to do.

XLVII. And it is hereby enacted, that when there shall be no customs officer sent aboard vessels discharging cargo, it shall be lawful for the collector of customs to fix a period, not being less than 20 days, for the discharge thereof and clearance of the vessel inwards; and if any goods remain on board after the . time so fixed, or after the time allowed in the last preceding section of this Act, the collector may order the same to be landed and warehoused for the security of the duties chargeable thereon, and of any freight and primage and other demands that may be due thereon, giving his receipt to the master for the same: Provided always, that m all cases it shall be lawful for the collector or other officer in charge of the custom-house, with the consent of master of the vessel, to cause any packages to be brought on shore, and to be deposited in the government warehouses for the security of the duties and charges thereon, although 20 days may not have expired from the entry of such vessel; and in case any goods brought to land from any vessel be not claimed and cleared from the customhouse within three months from the date of entry of the ship in which such goods were imported, it shall be competent to the collector to sell the same on account of the duties and other charges due thereon, and the balance remaining, after deducting the said duties and charges, shall be held in deposit and paid to the owner on application.

XLVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that when a customs officer shall be sent on board of any vessel discharging cargo, a further period of 15 days, Sundays and holidays excluded, beyond the 20 days above specified, shall be allowed for putting on board export cargo, if the vessel shall not exceed 600 tons burthen, and 20 days if it exceed that burthen, when the lading and unlading thereof shall be continuous, and the master or commander shall in such case not be charged with the wages and expenses of the customs officer on board until after the expiration of such additional period; and if a vessel having discharged its import cargo shall be laid up, the customs officer on board shall certify that no goods remain on board except necessary stores and articles for use, and when a vessel so laid up shall be entered at the custom-house for receipt of export cargo, a customs officer shall be sent on board, and if the said last-mentioned officer shall certify that no goods are on board except as above excepted, 20 days, exclusive of Sundays and holidays as above, shall be allowed from the date*of such certificate for the lading outwards of a vessel not exceeding 600 tons, and 30 days for vessels exceeding that burthen, after which periods respectively the master shall be charged with the wages and expenses of the customs officer on board to the date of the vessel’s sailing from the port.

XLIX. And

e

. GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

11 ACTS of 1844.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted, that when upon application from the master Penalty for putting good* of any vessel, the customs officer shall be removed from on board thereof, under cu»tora» 0&fwt removal the provisions to that effect contained in the last preceding section of this Act, if *

the master of such vessel shall, before a customs officer have again been placed again been placed thereon, in such vessel, put on board of such vessel, or cause or suffer to be put on board of such vessel any goods whatever, such master shall be punished with a fine not exceeding 1,000 rupees, and the goods shall be liable to be re-landed for examination at the expense of the shippers, upon requisition to that effect from the collector of customs.

L. And it is hereby enacted, that a port clearance shall be granted by the a port clearance to 1* collector of customs or other authorized officer to the master or commander of every vessel clearing out from the ports of the Presidency of Fort St. George, cat* of an public demand* provided such master or commander shall have complied with the terms prescribed ha',gbce“

by this Act, and with the rules of the port concerned, and shall produce a certificate from the proper officer or officers of all port charges and public demands against him, of whatever nature, having been duly paid and discharged.

LT. And it is hereby enacted, that upon any goods liable to duty that may be Rule* for levying duty passed through the custom-house for shipment, the application for which shall be cus^m^ou^fo^Tini.-presented after port clearance shall have been taken out, double of the prescribed ment^ter grant of port duty shall in all cases be levied, and if the goods be free or have already paid c “r“c*-import duty, or have been imported free under certificate, five per cent, upon the market value shall be levied thereon, or if the same be imported goods entitled to drawback, the drawback shall be forfeited, but no separate duty shall be levied on drawback goods.

LII. And it is hereby enacted, that w'hen a vessel having cleared out from any port shall put back from stress of weather, or it shall for any damage or from other cause be necessary that the cargo of a vessel that has cleared out shall be unshipped or relanded, a customs officer shall be sent to watch the vessel and take charge of the cargo during such relanding or removal from on board, and the goods on board such vessel shall not be allowed to be transhipped or reexported free of duty, by reason of the previous settlement of duty at the time of first export, unless the goods shall be lodged in such place as shall be allowed by the collector of customs, and shall remain while on land or while on board of any other vessel under special charge of the officers of customs until the time of re-export, and all charges attending such custody shall be borne by the exporter; provided, however, that in all cases of return to port after port clearance on account of damage or for stress of weather, it shall be lawful for the owner or for the master to enter the vessel and land the cargo, under the rules for the importation of goods, and the export duty shall in that case be refunded, and the amount paid in drawback be reclaimed; and if goods on account of which drawback has been paid be not found on board the vessel, the master shall be liable to a fine not exceeding the entire value thereof, unless he account for them to the satisfaction of the collector of customs.

Cargo of vessels putting back from stress of weather, or damage, and compelled to re-land cargo, to be taken charge of by customs officers, and lodged in such place as the collector may direct.

Proviso under which the cargo may be landed as imported goods, and the export duty refunded.

Penalty for a master putting back into port without goods on which drawback has been allowed.

LI II. And it is hereby enacted, that w hen goods shall be re-landed before the Duty on good, re-und-lading of any vessel is complete, and before port clearance has been granted, the to’bi’^ndai,

duty levied upon such goods shall be returned to the exporter, but no refund shall bu* not »fu?I's™' be made of duty paid on the export of any goods after port clearance shall have p°rt been granted for the vessel on which the goods were exported, unless the vessel Uoiom the rend km shall have put back for stress of weather or for damage, and the goods shall have been re-landed under the rule contained in the last preceding section of this Act.

LIV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Governor in P«,n*ity on coasting and Council to establish rules for the anchoring of the coasting and country craft of *.

the British territories, for the delivery of manifests of the cargo of such vessels, Governor in cmim-ii and for the landing of goods therefrom, and shipping of goods thereon, and that regulation?" for thwr whoever, being in charge of any such craft, shall knowingly contravene any such rule, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding 100 rupees for each offence.

LV. And it is hereby enacted, that pattamars, dhonies, and other small craft Spf‘ific£’00 f from the Maidive or Laccadiva Islands, or from the native ports of Kattvwar and rr^"7,i,e'e

18. B2 Cuteh, Brl,1,h tern torn#.

12

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1844*

No drawback allowed on goods shipped on such Native craft.

Goods re-exported in the same vessel not subject to duty: duty to be levied on transhipped goods as if they had been landed and reexported.

Goods to be liable to confiscation if transhipped without special license from collector.

Customs officer to superintend transhipment

The collector competent to adjudge confiscations.

The collector may exact payment of fines before granting port clearance.

Empowering collectors of customs to decide upon cases of seizure and to adjudge damages.

To mitigate penalty of confiscation to the extent of the levy of double duty;

and to distribute part proceeds of sale of confiscated goods in rewards among seising officers.

All officers of Customs amenable to civil courts.

Proviso.

Penalty for obstructing Customs officers in the exercise of their powers.

Penalty for Customs officer receiving consideration for doing or forbearing any official act.

Cutcli, and of the Travancore and Cochin states, shall be treated in the ports of the Presidency of Fort St. George like the coasting craft of the British territory, provided that they conform to such special regulations as to the place of anchoring and mode of landing and shipping goods, as may be made by the Governor in Council for such vessels in the several ports of the Presidency of Fort St. George.

LVJ. And it is hereby enacted, that no drawback shall be allowed on goods shipped on such native craft as are described in the last preceding section of this Act.

LVII. And it is hereby enacted, that goods exported in the same vessels, if manifested for re-export, shall not be subject to import or export duty, and if any goods brought to any port in any vessel be transhipped in such port, they shall in all cases be subject to the same duty as if they had been landed and passed through the custom-house for re-exportation in the vessel into which they may be transhipped.

LVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that no transhipmen t shall be made of any goods, except under special order in writing from the collector of customs of the port, and that goods transhipped or attempted to be transhipped without such order shall be liable to confiscation.

LIX. And it is hereby enacted, that an officer of customs shall in all cases be deputed to superintend the removal of goods from vessel to vessel.

LX. And it is hereby enacted, that in all cases in which under this Act goods are liable to confiscation, the collector of customs of the place where those goods may be, shall be competent to adjudge such confiscation.

LXI. And it is hereby enacted, that if any person in charge of a vessel shall have become liable to any fine on account of any act or omission relating to customs, the collector of customs shall be competent, subject to the orders of the Governor in Council of the Presidency of Fort St. George, to refuse port clearance to such vessel until the fine shall be discharged.

LXII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for any collector of customs, or other officer who may be authorized to adjudicate customs cases, if he shall decide that a seizure of goods made under the authority of this Act was vexatious and unnecessary, to adjudge damages to be paid to the proprietor by the customs officer who made such vexatious seizure, besides ordering the immediate release of the goods; and if the proprietor accept such damages, no action shall thereafter lie against the officer of customs in any court of justice on account of such seizure; and if such adjudicating officer shall decide that the seizure was warranted, but shall deem that the penalty of confiscation is unduly severe, it shall be lawful for him to mitigate the same to the extent of the levy of double duty; and if the said officer shall adjudge confiscation, it shall further be lawful for him to order that from the proceeds of the sale of the goods, a proportion not exceeding one-half shall be distributed in rewards amongst such officers as he shall deem entitled thereto, and in such proportion as he may direct to each respectively.

LXIII. And it is hereby enacted, that all officers of customs shall as heretofore be amenable to the civil courts of the Presidency of Fort St. George, by action for damages on account of any executive acts done in their official capacity at the suit of the parties injured by such acts; provided, however, that no suit shall lie against a collector of customs or other officer for any judicial award in a matter of customs passed under the preceding section of this Act.

LXIV. And it is hereby enacted, that whoever intentionally obstructs any officer in the exercise of any powers given by this Act to such officer, shall he punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months, or fine not exceeding 1,000 rupees, or both.

LXV. And it is hereby enacted, that whoever, being an officer appointed under the authority of this Act, shall accept, or obtain or attempt to obtain from any

person

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

*3

person any property as a consideration for doing or forbearing to do any official ACTS of 1844. act, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or — -fine, or both.

LXVI. And it is hereby enacted, that whoever, being an officer appointed under Pen»ity for •emtau the authority of this Act, practises or attempts to practise any fraud for the pur-pose of injuring the customs revenue, or abets or connives at any such fraud, or at any attempt to practise any such fraud, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or fine, or both.

LXVII. And it is hereby enacted, that whoever not being an officer appointed Penalty r« exacting under this Act, or authorized by any regulation to collect customs or duties, shall out^otWhy'aTe'w exact customs or duties of any denomination on any pretence whatsoever, whether tome officer, as principal or agent, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or fine, or both, and furthermore shall be liable for such damages as may be obtained against him, on the suit Of the party injured, by action in any of the civil courts of the Presidency of Fort St. George.

LXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Governor in Th* Gormor in Cou»-Council of Fort St. George, by an Order in Council, to transfer any of the powers ^wm^i^ikctorof given to a collector of customs by this Act to any other functionary, and to make any rules consistent with law for the carrying of this Act into effect, and to estab- miwuxioffi-lish such wharves and appoint such officers as he shall think fit, and to fix rates of wharfage and of rent to be paid for goods deposited or suffered to lie in the godowns <rf wbarfcg* aadnot. of the custom-house.

SCHEDULE (A.)

RATES of Duty to be charged on Goods Imported by Sea into any Port of the Presidency

of Fort St. George.

No. Enumeration op Goods. When Imported on British Bottoms. When Imported on Foreign Bottoms.

1 Bullion and coin free - free.

2 Precious stones and pearls - ditto - ditto.

3 Grain and pulse other than rice and paddy - ditto - ditto.

4 Rice and paddy 2 annas per bag annas per bag

not exceeding 2 not exceeding 2

maunds of 80 maunds of 80

tolas to the seer, tolas to the seer.

or if imported or if imported

otherwise than otherwise than in

in bags, 1 anna bags, 2 annas per

per maund. maund.

5 Horses and other living animals - free - free.

e Ice - - - - - ditto - ditto.

7 Coal, coke, bricks, chalk, stones (marble and ditto - ditto.

8 wrought stones excepted). Books printed in the United Kingdom or in ditto - 3 per cent.

any British Possession.

9 Foreign books - 3 per cent. - 0 per cent.

10 Marine stores, the produce or manufacture 8 per cent. - 0 per cent.

of the United Kingdom or of any British Possession.

11 Ditto - - ditto, the produce or manufacture 0 per cent. - 12 per cent

of any other place or country.

12 Metals, wrought or unwrought, the produce or manufacture of the United Kingdom 8 per cent. - 0 per cent.

or any British Possession.

13 Metals, ditto - - ditto, excepting tin, the 0 per cent. - 12 per cent

produce or manufacture of any other place.

14 Tin, the produce of any other place than the 10 per cent. - 20 per cent

United Kingdom or any British Posses-

sion.

18. B 3 Schedule

Acts of 1844.

M

ACTS OF THE

Schbddle (A.) — continued.

No. Enumeration of Goods. When Imported on British Bottoms. When Imported on Foreign Bottoms.

15 Woollens, the produce or manufacture of the United Kingdom or any British Posses- 2 per cent. - 4 per cent.

sion.

16 Ditto, the produce of any other place or per cent. - 8 per cent.

country.

17 Cotton wool, not covered by certificate of the 9 annas per maund 1 rupee 2 annas per

payment of export duty at any other port of 80 tolas to the mgund of 80 tolas

of Fort St George. seer. to the seer.

18 Cotton and silk piece-goods, cotton twist and 3j per cent. 7 per cent.

yarn, the produce of the United Kingdom or of any British Possession.

19 Ditto, the produce of any other place - 7 per cent. - 14 per cent.

20 Opium - 24 rupees per seer 24 rupees per seer of

of 80 tolas. 80 tolas.

21 Salt ---- 3 rupees per maund 3 rupees per maund

of 80 tolas to the of 80 tolas to the

seer. seer.

00 Alum - 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

23 Betel-nut, raw ---- 5 per cent. 10 per cent.

24 Betel-nut, boiled - 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

25 Camphor 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

26 Cassia ---- 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

27 Cloves - 10 per cent. 20 per ceni.

28 Coffee 7 J per cent. 15 per cent.

29 Coral 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

30 Nutmegs and mace 10 percent. 20 per cent.

31 Pepper ---- 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

32 Rattans 7j per cent. 15 per cent.

33 Tea 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

34 Vermilion ---- 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

35 Wines and liqueurs 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

36 Spirits - - And the duty on spirits shall be rate-ably increased as the strength exceeds London proof, and when imported in bottles, five quart bottles shall be deemed equal to the imperial gallon. 9 annas per imperial gallon. 1 rupee per imperial gallon.

37 Tobacco ---- All articles not included in the above enume- 10 per cent. 3£ per cent. 20 per cent. 7 per cent.

ration.

And if the collector of customs shall see reason to doubt whether the goods liable to a different rate of duty according to the place of their production come from the country from which they are declared to come by the importer, it shall be lawful for the collector of customs to call on the importer to furnish evidence as to the place of manufacture or production, and if such evidence shall not satisfy the said collector of the truth of the declaration, the goods shall be charged with the highest rate of duty, subject always to an appeal to the Governor in Council of Fort St. George.

And upftn the re-export by sea of goods imported; excepting opium and salt, and all goods of the growth, production or manufacture of the Continent of India, provided the re-export be made within two years of the date of import as per custom-house.register, and the goods be identified to the satisfaction of the collector of customs, there shall be retained one-eighth of the amount of duty levied, pnd the remainder shall be repaid as drawback.

But no exporter of imported goods shall be entitled to drawback, unless the drawback be claimed at the time of re-export, nor shall any payment be made of drawback unless the amount claimed be demanded within one year from the date of entry of the goods for re-export in the Custom-house register.

SCHEDULE (B.)

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

15

ACTS of 1144-

SCHEDULE (B.)

RATES of Duty to be charged on Goods Exported by Sea from any Port or Place in the

Presidency of Fort St. George.

No. Enumeration of Goods. Exported on British Bottoms. Exported on Foreign Bottoms.

i Bullion and coin ..... free - free.

2 Precious stones and pearls - ditto - ditto.

3 Books, maps and drawings, printed in India ditto - ditto.

4 Horses and living animals - ditto - ditto.

5 Cotton wool, exported to Europe, the United States of America or any British Possession in America. ditto - 9 annas per maund of 80 tolas to the seer.

6 Ditto - - ditto, exported to places other than: above. 9 annas per maund of 80 tolas to the seer. 1 rupee 2 annas per maund of 80 tolas to the seer.

7 Sugar and rum, exported to the United Kingdom, or to any British Possession, not being a British Possession or settlement on the continent of India, including Bombay. free - 3 per cent.

3 Ditto - - ditto, exported to any other place including any British Possession or settlement on the continent of India, including Bombay. Grain and pulse of all sorts, other than rice and paddy. 3 per cent - 6 per cent.

9 1 anna per bag not exceeding 2 maunds of 80 tolas to the seer, or if exported otherwise than in bags, £ an anna per maund. 2 annas per bag not exceeding 2 maunds of 80 tolas to the seer, or if exported otherwise than in bags, 1 anna per maund.

10 Rice and paddy 2 annas per bag as above, or 1 anna per maund. 4 annas per bag as above, or 2 annas per maund.

11 Indigo ---- 3 rupees per maund or 80 tolas to the seer. 6 rupees per maund or 80 tolas to the seer.

12 Salt, having paid the price fixed to be paid on salt declared for exportation to ports or places not being subordinate to the Presidency of Fort St. George. free ... free.

13 Tobacco - 10 per cent. 20 per cent.

14 Opium, not covered by a pass -All articles not included in the above enumeration. prohibited -8 per cent* - prohibited. 6 per cent.

And upon the re-export to Europe, the United States of America or to any British Possession in America, from Madras or from any other port *of the Presidency of Fort St. George, of cotton that has been imported under certificate of the payment of the duty specified in this Schedule, provided that the re-export be made in British bottoms, within two years from the date of such certificate, and the amount be claimed within one year from the date of re-export as per Custom-house registers, the whole amount of export duty levied at the first place of export shall be refunded.

18.

b4 SCHEDULE (CV)

ACTS of 1844*

16

ACTS OF THE

SCHEDULE (C.)

MANIFEST of Goods Imported per Commander, from

under Colour; viz.

Marks J Numbers Packages Quantity. Weight. Gal- lons. Yards. Description of Goods. Invoice Value. Tariff Value.

A. 1 a’ 5 5 cases 250 pieces 3,000 Cambrics Long cloths, bleached. Long cloths, unbleached. Madapollams, bleached. Madapolloms, unbleached. Plain muslins £. s. d. £• f. d.

N.B. — Articles generally to be specified, excepting such as ironmongery, hardware, glass-ware, earthenware, cutlery, perfumery, confectionery, stationery and such like. All articles from Great Britain to be entered according to the English weight, not native.

From China in like manner, in China weights.

In importB and exports of bullion or coin, to specify the sort of which they consist.

ACT No. VII. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council, on the

6th April 1844.

An Act for improving the Law of Evidence.

Whereas the inquiry after truth in Her Majesty’s courts of justice is often obstructed by incapacities created by the present law, and it is desirable that full information as to the facts in issue, both in criminal and in civil cases, should belaid before the persons who are appointed to decide upon them, and that such persons should exercise their judgment on the credit of the witnesses adduced, and on the truth of their testimony:

I. It is hereby enacted, that within the local jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s Courts, no person offered as a witness shall hereafter be excluded by reason of incapacity, from crime or interest, from giving evidence, either in person or by deposition, according to the practice of the court on the trial of any issue joined, or of any matter or question, or on any inquiry arising in any suit, action or proceeding, civil or criminal, in any of Her Majesty’s Courts, or before any judge, jury, sheriff, coroner, magistrate, officer or person having by law or by consent of parties, authority within the jurisdiction of Her Majesty’s Courts to hear, receive and examine evidence, but that every person so offered may and shall be admitted to give evidence on oath or solemn affirmation, in those cases wherein affirmation is by law receivable, notwithstanding that such person may or shall have an interest in the matter in question, or in the event of the trial of any issue, matter, question or inquiry, or of the suit, action or proceeding, in which he is offered as a witness, and notwithstanding that such person offered as a witness may have been previously convicted of any crime or offence; provided, that this Act shall not render competent any party to any suit, action or proceeding, individually named in the record, or any lessor of the plaintiff or tenant of premises sought to be recovered in ejectment, or the landlord or other person in whose right any defendant in replevin may make cognizance, or any person in whose immediate and individual behalf any action may be brought or defended, either wholly or in part, or the husband or wife of such persons respectively: Provided also, that this Act shall not repeal any provision in the Act of the Government of India, XXV. of 1838; provided, that in any of Her Majesty’s Courts sitting in equity, any defendant to any cause pending in any such court so sitting, may be examined as a witness on the behalf of the plaintiff, or of any co-defendant in any such cause, saving just exceptions; and that any interest which such defendant so to be examined may have in the matter or any of the matters in question in the cause, shall not be deemed a just exception to the testimony of such defendant, but shall only be considered as affecting or tending to affect the credit of such defendant as a witness.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that nothing in this Act shall apply to, or affect any suit, action or proceeding, brought or commenced before the passing of this Act.

act

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

>7

ACTS of 1844.

ACT No. VIII. OF 1844. ----

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council, on the

9th April 1844.

An Act to authorize the Governments of Fort William in Bengal, Fort St. George and Bombay, to remove Native Officers, Soldiers and Followers, imprisoned under Sentence of a Court Martial, from one Prison to another.

It is hereby enacted, that whenever any native officer or soldier or follower belonging to the forces of the East India Company, shall be a prisoner in any public prison or other place within the territories subject to the government of the said Company under sentence of any court martial, it shall be lawful for the Governor or Governor in Council (as the case may be) of the Presidency in which such public prison or other place may be situated, to give an order in writing to the gaoler thereof, or other person in charge thereof, commanding him to deliver up such prisoner to the person producing such order, and such gaoler or other person shall deliver up such prisoner, at any period of his imprisonment, to the person producing such order, either for his discharge, or in order that he may be removed in military custody to undergo the remainder of his sentence, to such other public prison or such other place as such Governor or Governor in Council (as the case may be) may direct; provided that such other public prison or other place shall be within the Presidency subject to the government of the Governor or Governor in Council (as the case may be) who shall have given such order, and provided that the time of imprisonment on removal from one prison to another, or while the prisoner is in custody for any intermediate period, shall be reckoned as part of the original period of imprisonment for which such prisoner shall have been sentenced.

ACT No. IX. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council, on the

13th April 1844.

An Act for authorizing the Institution of Suits in the Courts of Principal Sudder

Ameens and Sudder Ameens.

I. It is hereby enacted, that within the territories subject to the Presidencies of Fort William in Bengal, Fort St. George and Bombay, all suits within the competency of a principal sudder ameen or sudder ameen to decide, shall ordinarily be instituted in the courts of those officers respectively.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to a zillah or city judge to withdraw such suits from the court in which they may have been instituted, and to try them himself, or to refer them for trial to any other court subordinate to his authority, and competent in respect to the value of the suit, whenever he may see sufficient reason for so d#ing. ’

III. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever there shall be more thanone principal sudder ameen, or more than one sudder ameen attached to the court of any zillah or city judge, and not having any special local jurisdiction, it shall be the duty of such judge to appoint from time to time the several moonsiffs’ divisions, which shall constitute the special local jurisdiction of each of such principal sudder ameens and sudder ameens, and that each of such principal sudder ameens and sudder ameens shall be empowered to take cognizance of all such suits as are mentioned in section I. of this Act, provided the landed or other real property to which the suit may relate shall be situated, or in all other cases the cause of action shall have arisen, or the defendant at the time when the suit may be commenced, shall reside as a fixed inhabitant within the limits of such local jurisdiction as aforesaid.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to the zillah or city judge to receive a summary apj>eal from the orders of any principal sudder ameen

18. C - or

ACTS of 1844.

18 ACTS OF THE

or sudder ameen, rejecting any original suit cognizable by him, and that all rules applicable to summary appeals from orders dismissing original suits on the ground of any default, shall be applicable to the summary appeals given by this Act.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that in all suits which, in respect to value, are cognizable by a sudder ameen, the same stamps shall be sufficient in any other court as would have been sufficient in the court of a sudder ameen.

ACT No. X. op 1844.

Passed -by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council,

on the 11th May 1844.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the period 'of the Execution of Persons

convicted of the crime of Murder.

"Whereas by an Act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled, “ An Act for Improving the Administration of Criminal Justice in the East Indies,” it was amongst other things enacted, that every person convicted of murder should be executed according to law on the day next but one after that on which the sentence should be passed, unless the same should happen to be Sunday, and in that case on the Monday following, and that sentence should be pronounced immediately after the conviction of every murderer, unless the court should see reasonable cause for postponing the same, and such sentence should express not only the usual judgment of death, but also the time thereby appointed for the execution thereof: and it was by the said Act provided, that after such sentence should have been pronounced, it should be lawful for the court or judge to stay the execution thereof if such court or judge should so think fit: And whereas for the ends of justice, and especially more effectually to preserve from an irrevocable punishment any persons who may hereafter be convicted upon erroneous or perjured evidence, it is expedient to alter and amend the said recited Act in these respects:

I. It is therefore hereby enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited shall cease to have effect within the territories subject to the government of the East India Company.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, that from and after the passing of this . Act, sentence of death may be pronounced after convictions for murder by any judge of any of Her Majesty's courts of justice within the territories subject to the government of the East India Company, in the same manner, and the judge shall have the same power in all respects, as after convictions for other capita offences.

ACT No. XI. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council,

on the 18th May 1844.

An Act for the Improvement of the Administration of Justice and Despatch of Business in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

I. It is hereby enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any one of the judges of the Supreme Court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, when occasion shall so require, to sit apart from the other judges or judge, as the case may be, of the same court for the despatch of the criminal business of the said court, at the same time when the other judges or judge, as the case may be, of the said court shall be sitting for the despatch of business in the said Supreme Court, and that all proceedings whatever so had by and before such judge, so sitting apart for the purpose aforesaid, shall be good,

valid

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

, *9

'Valid and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes, as fully as if the said proceedings were had before all the judges of the said court, sitting as a court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, under the charter of the said court.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, that all business of what nature or kind soever which the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal may or shall have power to transact in term, it shall in like manner have power to transact out of term, and that all proceedings whatever before the said court out of term, shall be as good, valid and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes, as fully as if the said proceedings were had in term, and that all rules and orders of the said court as to all judgments, executions or other proceedings in term, shall be applicable and shall be applied to all judgments, executions or other proceedings given, issued or had out of term, as near as the same can be made applicable thereto, and the said court shall issue such new rules and orders as may be necessary, for the purpose of giving full effect to the provisions in this Act contained.

ACT No. XII. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council,

on the 25th May 1844.

An Act for better securing, the observance of an exact Discipline in the

Indian Navy.

I. Whereas by an Act of the British Parliament passed in the Session held in the 3d and 4th years of his late Majesty King William the 4th, intituled, “ An Act for effecting an arrangement with the East India Company, and for the better government of His Majesty’s Indian Territories till the 30th day of April 1854,” it is among other things enacted, that the Governor-general of India in. Council shall have power to make laws and regulations for repealing, amending or altering any laws or regulations whatever then in force, or thereafter to be in force in the said territories, or any part thereof, and to make laws and regulations for all persons, whether British or native, foreigners or others, and for all courts of justice whether established by his Majesty’s charters or otherwise, and the jurisdiction thereof, and for all places aad things whatsoever within and throughout the whole or any part of the said territories, and for all servants of the said Company within the dominions of princes and states in alliance with the said Company, save and except that the said Governor-general in Council shall not have the power of making any laws or regulations which shall in any way repeal, vary, suspend or affect any of the provisions of the now reciting Act, or any of the provisions of the Acts for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers, whether in the service of his Majesty or the said Company, or any provisions of any Act thereafter to be passed in anywise affecting the said Company, or the said territories or the inhabitants thereof, or any laws and regulations which shall in any way affect any prerogative of the Crown or the authority o'f Parliament, or the constitution or rights of the said Company, or any part of the unwritten laws or constitution of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, whereon may depend in any degree the allegiance of any person to the Crown of the United Kingdom, or the sovereignty or dominion of the said Crown over any part of the said territories.

And it is thereby provided and enacted, that in case the Court of Directors of the said Company, under such control as by the now reciting Act is provided, shall signify to the said Governor-general in Council their disallowance of any laws or regulations by the said Governor-general in Council made, then and in every such case, upon receipt by the said Governor-general in Council of notice of such disallowance, the said Governor-general in Council shall forthwith repeal all laws and regulations so disallowed : and it is also provided and enacted, that all laws and regulations made as aforesaid, so long as they shall remain unrepealed, shall be of the same force and effect within and throughout the said territories, as any Act of Parliament would or ought to be within the same territories, and shall be taken notice of by all courts of justice whatsoever within the same territories, in the same manner as any public Act of Parliament would and ought to be taken notice of, and it shall not be necessary to register or publish in any court of justice any laws or regulations made by the said Governor-general in Council: and it is

/8. c 2 thereby

ACTS of 1844. - >,.q.-

20

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1844. thereby also provided and enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the said Govemor-- - general in Council, without the previous sanction of the said Court of Directors, to

make any law or regulation whereby power shall be given to any courts of justice other than the courts of justice established by his Majesty’s charters, to sentence to the punishment of death any of his Majesty’s natural born subjects bom in Europe, or the children of such subjects, or which shall abolish any of the courts of justice established by his Majesty’s charters.

And whereas by another Act passed in the Session held in the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled, “An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and for providing for the observance of Discipline in the Indian Navy, and to amend the Law's for regulating the payment of Regimental Debts, and the distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service,” reciting that the said Company, for the safety and protection of the territories under their government, in addition to their land forces maintain a marine establishment theretofore called “ The Bombay Marine,” but then called “The IndianNavy;” and that by an Act passed in the ninth year of the reign of King George the 4th, intituled, “An Act to extend the Provisions of the East India Mutiny Act to the Bombay Marine,” reciting an Act of the fourth year of King George the 4th, and that it was expedient that disciplin should be enforced in the said marine establishment in the manner provided by the said Act of the fourth year of King George the 4th, in respect to the other forces of the said Company, it is enacted, that the provisions of the said Act of the fourth year of King George the 4th, and the rules and Articles of War made and to be made by virtue thereof, should extend and be applied to the service of “ The Bombay Marine,” and that all persons in the service of the said Company belonging to the said Bombay Marine who Should be commissioned or in pay as officers, or enlisted or in pay as non-commissioned officers or soldiers respectively in the said Company’s army, should be to all intents and purposes liable to the provisions of the said Act of the fourth year of his Majesty King George the 4th, and to the same rules and Articles of War, and the same penalties as the officers and soldiers of the said Company’s other forces; and reciting that it is expedient to provide other means for enforcing discipline in the said marine establishment called “The Indian Navy,” it was, amongst other things, enacted, that for the retaining the forces of the said establishment in their duty, the Governor-general of India in Council should have power to make laws and regulations for securing the observance of an exact discipline in the said service called “The Indian Navy,” and for bringing to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow, all officers, engineers, soldiers, marines, seamen and all others belonging to the said marine establishment who should mutiny, or stir up sedition, or should desert the said service, or should commit any other offence which in its nature would be cognizable by court martial under the now reciting Act, or which might be against good discipline in- naval service in the same, in as full and ample manner to all intents and purposes as by virtue of the said Act passed in the Session held in the third and fourth years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the 4th, the said Governor-general in Council then had power to make any laws and regulations whatsoever, any thing in the said last mentioned Act, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: and it was thereby provided and enacted, that in case the Court of Directors of the East India Company, under the control of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, should signify to the said Governor-general in Council their disallowance of any laws or regulations by the said Governor-general in Council made by virtue of the now reciting Act, then and in every such case, upon receipt by the said Governor-general in Council of notice of such disallowance, the said Governor-general in Council should forthwith repeal all laws and regulations so disallowed : and it was also provided and enacted, that all laws and regulations made as aforesaid, so long as they should remain unrepealed, should be of the same force and effect within and throughout the said territories, as any Act of Parliament would or ought to be within the same territories, and should be taken notice of by all courts of justice whatsoever within the same territories, in the same manner as any public Act of Parliament would and ought to be taken notice of, and it should not be necessary to register or publish in any court of justice any laws or regulations made by the said Governor-general in Council.

And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

21

And it was also provided and enacted, that it should not be lawful for the said Governor-general in Council, without the previous sanction of the said Court of Directors, to make any law or regulation whereby power should be given to any court other than the courts of justice established by the charters of the Crown, to sentence to the punishment of death any of Her Majesty’s natural-born subjects bom in Europe, or the children of such subjects.

And it was also provided and enacted, that until the said Governor-general in Council should have made laws and regulations for the good government of the said “ Indian Navy” by virtue of the powers by the now reciting Act for that purpose given, all the provisions of the now reciting Act, and the rales and Articles of War to be made by virtue thereof, should extend and be applied to the said marine establishment called the “ Indian Navy,” and that all persons in the service of the! said Company belonging to the said Indian Navy, who should be commissioned or in pay as officers, or enlisted or in pay as noncommissioned officers or soldiers respectively, in the said Company’s army, should be to all intents and purposes liable to the provisions of the now reciting Act, and to the same rules and Articles of War, and the same penalties as the officers and soldiers of the said Company’s other forces.

And whereas it is deemed expedient to place the Indian Navy under articles and orders as nearly similar as may be to those in force in Her Majesty’s Navy, and the Court of Directors of the East India Company have given their previous sanction to the several enactments hereinafter contained, and to all and singular the laws and regulations hereby made: Now it is therefore hereby enacted, that from and after the 1st day of October 1844, the articles and orders hereinafter following, as well in time of peace as in time of war, shall be duly observed and put in execution in manner hereinafter mentioned.

1. All captains, commanders and officers, in or belonging to any of the East India Company’s ships or vessels of war, shall cause the public worship of Almighty God, according to the liturgy of the Church of England established by law, to be solemnly, orderly and reverently performed in their respective ships, and shall take care that prayers and preaching be performed diligently, and that the Lord’s day be observed according to law.

2. All officers, engineers, soldiers, marines, seamen and others belonging to the Indian Navy, being guilty of profane oaths, cursing, execrations, drunkenness, uncleanness or other scandalous actions, in derogation of God’s honour and corruption of good manners, shall incur such punishment as a court martial shall think fit to impose, and as the nature and degree of their offence shall deserve.

3. If any officer, engineer, soldier, marine, seaman or other person belonging to the Indian navy shall give, hold or entertain intelligence to or with any enemy or rebel, without leave from the Queen’s Majesty, or the Govern or-general in Council, or the Governor in Council of the Presidency under which they serve, or persons duly authorized, commander in chief or his commanding officer, every such person so offending and being thereof convicted by the sentence of a court martial, shall be punished with death, or such other punishment as the nature and degree of the offence may deserve, or the court martial shal} impose.

4. If any letter or message from any enemy or rebel be conveyed to any officer, engineer, soldier, marine, seaman or other person belonging to the Indian navy, and the said officer, engineer, soldier, 'marine, seaman or other person as aforesaid shall not within 12 hours, having opportunity so to do, acquaint his superior officer or the officer commanding in chief with it, or if any superior officer belonging to the Indian navy being acquainted therewith shall not in convenient time reveal the same to the officer commanding in chief the squadron, every such person so offending and being convicted thereof by the sentence of a court martial, shall be punished with, death, or such other punishment as the nature and degree of the offence shall deserve, and the court martial shall impose.

5. All spies, and all persons whatsoever who shall come or be found in the nature of spies within the territories under the government of the East Indifc Company, to bring or deliver any seducing letters or messages from any enemy or rebel, or endeavour to corrupt any officer, engineer, soldier, marine, seaman or

18. c 3 other

ACTS of 1844.

22

ACTS OF THE

of 1844. other person belonging to the Indian navy to betray his trust, being convicted ’ of any such offence by the sentence of a court martial, shall be punished with

death, or shall suffer such other punishment as the nature and degree of the offence shall deserve, and the court martial shall impose.

6. No person belonging to the Indian navy shall relieve an enemy or rebel, with money, victuals, powder, shot, arms, ammunition or any other supplies whatsoever, directly or indirectly, upon pain of death or such other punishment as a court martial shall think fit to impose, and as the nature and degree of the crime shall deserve.

7. All the papers, charter-parties, bills of lading, passports and other writings whatsoever that shall be taken, seized or found aboard any ship or vessel which shall be surprised or taken as prize, shall be duly preserved, and the very originals shall, by the commanding officer of the ship or vessel which shall take such prize, be sent entirely and without fraud to the Court of Admiralty, or such other court or commissioners as shall be authorized to determine whether such prize be lawful capture, there to be viewed, made use of and proceeded upon according to law, upon pain that every person offending therein shall forfeit and lose all share of the capture, and shall suffer such further punishment as the nature and degree of his offence shall be found to deserve, and the court martial shall impose.

8. No person in or belonging to the Indian navy shall take out of any prize, or ship or vessel seized for prize, any money, plate or goods, unless it shall be necessary for the better securing thereof, or for the necessary use and service of any of Her Majesty’s ships or vessels of war, or of any of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy, before the same be adjudged lawful prize in some Admiralty or other competent court, but the full and entire account of the whole, without embezzlement, shall be brought in and judgment passed entirely upon the whole without fraud, and upon pain that every person offending herein shall forfeit and lose all share of the capture, and suffer such further punishment aa shall be imposed by a court martial, or such Court of Admiralty, according to the nature and degree of the offence.

9. If any ship or vessel shall be taken as prize, none of the officers, mariners or other persons on board her shall be stripped of their clothes, or in any sort pillaged, beaten or evil treated, upon pain that the person or persons so offending shall be liable to such punishment as a court martial shall think fit to inflict.

10. Every superior officer belonging to the Indian navy, who upon signal or order of fight, or sight of any ship or vessel which it may be his duty to engage, or who upon likelihood of engagement shall not make the necessary preparations for fight, and shall not in his own person and according to his place encourage the inferior officers and men to fight courageously, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as from the nature and degree of the offence a court martial shall deem him to deserve; and if any person belonging to the Indian navy shall treacherously or cowardly yield or cry for quarter, any person so offending and being convicted thereof by the sentence of a court martial, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as from the nature and degree of the offence a court martial shall deem him to deserve.

11. Every person belonging to the Indian navy who shall not duly observe the orders of the officer commanding in chief the squadron or division, or other his superior officer, for assailing, joining battle with, or making defence against any fleet, squadron or ship or vessel, or shall not obey the orders of his superior officer as aforesaid in time of action to the best of his power, or shall not use all possible endeavours to put the same effectually in execution, every such person so offending and being convicted thereof by the sentence of a courtmartial, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as from the nature and degree of the offence a court martial shall deem him to deserve.

12. Every person belonging to the Indian navy who through cowardice, negligence or dissaffection shall in time of action withdraw or keep back, or not come into the fight or engagement, or shall not do his utmost to take or destroy ©very ship and vessel which it shall be his duty to engage, and to assist and relieve

all

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA. 23

nil and every the ships and vessels of Her Majesty and of the East India Company, or of Her Majesty’s or the said Company’s allies, which it shall be his duty to assist and relieve, every such person so offending and being convicted thereof by the sentence of a court martial, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as from the nature and degree of the offence a court martial shall deem him to deserve.

13. Every person belonging to the Indian navy who through cowardice, negligence or disaffection shall forbear to pursue the chase of any enemy, pirate or rebel, beaten or flying, or shall not relieve or assist a known friend in view to the utmost of his power, being convicted of such offence by the sentence of a court martial, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as from the nature and degree of the offence a court martial shall deem him to deserve.

14. If when action or any service shall be commanded, any person belonging to the Indian navy shall presume to delay or discourage the said action or service upon pretence of arrears of wages, or upon any pretence whatsoever, every person so offending being convicted thereof by the sentence of a court martial, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as from the nature and degree of the offence a court martial shall deem him to deserve.

15. Every person in or belonging to the Indian navy who shall desert to any enemy, pirate or rebel, or run away with any of the ships or vessels of .war of Her Majesty or of the East India Company, or any ordnance, ammunition, stores or provisions belonging thereto, to the weakening of the service, or yield up the same cowardly or treacherously to any enemy, pirate or rebel, being convicted of any such offence by the sentence of a court martial, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as from the nature and degree of the offence a court martial shall deem him to deserve.

16. Every person belonging to the Indian navy who shall desert or entice others so to do, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as the circumstances of the offence shall deserve, and a court martial shall judge fit; and if any commanding officer of any of the East India Company’s ships or vessels of war shall receive or entertain a deserter from any other ship or vessel of Her Majesty or of the East India Company, after discovering him to be such deserter, and shall not with all convenient speed give notice to the captain of the ship or vessel to which such deserter belongs, or if the said ships or vessels are at any considerable distance from each other, to the Government or to the officer commanding in chief, every person so offending and being convicted thereof by the sentence of a court martial, shall be cashiered.

17. The officers and seamen of all ships or vessels belonging to the Indian navy, appointed for convoy and guard of merchant ships or vessels, or of any other, shall diligently attend upon that charge without delay, according to their instructions in that behalf, and whosoever shall be faulty therein, and shall not faithfully perform their duty and defend the ships, vessels and goods in their convoy, without either diverting to other parts or occasions, or refusing or neglecting to fight in their defence if they be assailed, or running away cowardly and submitting the ships in their convoy to peril and hazard, or shall demand or exact any money or other reward from any merchant or master for convoying of any ships or vessels entrusted to their care, or shall misuse the masters or mariners thereof, shall be condemned to make reparation of the damage to the merchants, owners and others, as the Court of Admiralty or other competent court shall judge, and also be punished criminally according to the quality of their offences, be it by pains of death, or other punishment, according as shall be adjudged fit by a court martial.

18% If any captain, commander or other officer of any of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy shall receive on board, or permit to be received on board such ship or vessel any goods or merchandizes whatsoever, other than for the sole use of the ship or vessel, except gold, silver or jewels, and except the goods and merchandizes belonging to any merchant or other ship or vessel which may be shipwrecked either on the high seas or in any port, creek or harbour, in order to the preserving them for their proper owners, and except such goods or merchandizes as he shall at any time be ordered to take or receive on board by order of any competent authority, every person so offending being convicted thereof by the sentence of a court martial,

1 C 4 shall

ACTS of 1844.

24

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1844,

shall be Cashiered, and be for ever afterwards rendered incapable to serve in any place or office in the naval service of the East India Company.

19. If any person belonging to the Indian navy shall make or endeavour to make any mutinous assembly upon any pretence whatsoever, or shall utter any words of sedition or mutiny, he shall suffer death, or such other punishment as a court martial shall deem him to deserve; and if any officer, engineer, soldier, marine, seaman or other person belonging to the Indian navy shall behave himself with contempt to his superior officer, such superior officer being in the execution of his office, he shall suffer such punishment according to the nature of his offence as a court martial shall deem him to deserve.

20. If any person belonging to the Indian navy shall conceal any traitorous or mutinous practice or design, being convicted thereof by the sentence of a court martial, he shall suffer death, or such other punishment as a court martial shall think fit; and if any person belonging to the Indian navy shall conceal any traitorous or mutinous words spoken by any to the prejudice of Her Majesty, or any words, practice or design tending to the hindrance of the service, and shall not forthwith reveal the same to the commanding officer, or being present at any mutiny or sedition shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the same, he shall be punished as a court martial shall think he deserves.

21. If any person belonging to the Indian navy shall find cause for complaint of the unwholesomeness of the victuals, or upon other just ground, he shall quietly make the same known to his superior officer, or captain, or commander in chief, as the occasion may deserve, that such present remedy may be had as the matter may require; and the said superior officer, captain, or commander in chief shall, as far as he is able, cause the same to be presently remedied, and no person belonging to the Indian navy upon any such or any other pretence shall attempt to stir up any disturbance, upon pain of such punishment as a court martial shall think fit to inflict, according to the degree of the offence.

22. If any officer, engineer, soldier, marin e, seaman or other person belonging to the Indian navy shall strike any of his superior officers, or draw or offer to draw or lift up tfny weapon against him, being in the execution of his office, on any pretence whatsoever; or if any officer, engineer, soldier, marine, seaman or other person belonging to the Indian navy shall presume to quarrel with any of his superior officers, being in the execution of his office, or shall disobey any lawful command of any of his superior officers, every such person being convicted of any such offence by the sentence of a court martial, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall, according to the nature and degree of his offence, be inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court martial.

23. If any person belonging to the Indian navy shall quarrel or fight with any other person therein, or use reproachful or provoking speeches or gestures, tending to make any quarrel or disturbance, he shall, upon being convicted thereof, suffer such punishment as the offence shall deserve and a court martial shall mpose.

24. There shall be no embezzlement nor wasteful expense of any powder, shot, ammunition or other stores; but the stores and provisions shall be carefully preserved, upon pain of such punishment as shall be by a court martial found just in that behalf.

25. Every person belonging to the Indian navy who shall unlawfully burn or set fire to any magazine or store of powder, or ship, boat, ketch, hoy or vessel, or tackle or furniture thereunto belonging, not then appertaining to an enemy, pirate or rebel, being convicted of any such offence by the sentence of a court martial, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as from the nature and degree of the offence a court martial shall deem him to deserve.

26. Care shall be taken in the conducting and steering of any of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy, that through wilfulness, negligence or other defaults no ship or vessel be stranded or run upon any rocks or sands, or split, or hazarded, upon pain that such as shall be found guilty therein be punished by death, or such other punishment as the offence by a court martial shall be judged to deserve.

27. No

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA. 25

27. No person belonging to the Indian navy shall sleep upon his watch, or negligently perform the duty imposed on him, or forsake his station, upon pain of death, or such other punishment as a court martial shall think fit to impose, and as the circumstances of the case shall require.

28. All murders committed by any person belonging to the Indian navy shall be punished with death, by the sentence of a court martial.

29. If any person belonging to the Indian navy shall commit the unnatural and detestable sin of buggery or sodomy with man or beast, he shall be punished with death, or such other punishment as the offence by a court martial shall be judged to deserve.

30. All robbery committed by any person belonging to the Indian navy shall be punished with death, or otherwise, as a court martial upon consideration of circumstances shall find meet.

31. Every officer or other person belonging to the Indian navy who shall knowingly make or sign a false muster or muster-book, or who shall command, counsel, or procure the making or signing thereof, or who shall aid or abet any other person in the making or signing thereof shall, upon proof of any such offence being made before a court martial, be cashiered.

32. No person belonging to the Indian navy being duly authorized so to do, shall refuse to apprehend any criminal whom he shall be authorized by legal warrant to apprehend, or to receive or keep any prisoner committed to his charge, or wilfully suffer him to escape being once in his custody, or dismiss him without lawful order, upon pain of such punishment as a court martial shall deem him to deserve; and all captains, officers and others belonging to the Indian navy shall do their endeavour to detect, apprehend and bring to punishment all offenders, and shall assist the officers appointed for that purpose therein, upon pain of being proceeded against and punished by a court martial according to the nature and degree of the offence.

33. If any superior officer, captain or commander, or lieutenant belonging to the Indian navy shall be convicted before a court martial of behaving in a scan- * dalous, infamous, cruel, oppressive or fraudulent manner, unbecoming the character of an officer, he shall be dismissed from the Indian navy, or suffer such other punishment as a court martial shall deem him to deserve.

34. Every person belonging to the Indian navy, being in actual service and full pay, who shall be guilty of mutiny, desertion or disobedience to any lawful command, in any part of the territories under the government of the East India Company, on shore, when in actual service relative to the Indian navy, shall be liable to be tried by a court martial, and suffer the like punishment for every such offence as if the same had been committed at sea on board any ships or vessels of the Indian navy.

35. If any person belonging to the Indian navy, who shall be in actual service and full pay, shall commit upon the shore in any place or places out of the territories under the government of the East India Company, any of the crimes punishable by these articles and orders, the person so offending shall be liable to be tried and punished for the same, in like manner to all intents and purposes as if the said crimes had been committed at sea on board any of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy.

II. Provided always, that no person convicted of any offence, shall by the sentence of any court martial to be held by virtue of this Act, be adjudged to be imprisoned for a longer term than the space of two years.

III. Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to empower any court martial to be constituted by virtue of this Act, to proceed to the punishment or trial of any of the offences specified in the several articles contained in this Act, or of any offence whatsoever (other than the offences specified in the 5th, 34th and 35th of the foregoing articles and orders), which shall not be committed upon the main sea or in great rivers only, beneath the bridges of the said rivers nigh to the sea, or any haven, river or creek within the jurisdiction of the Admiralty, and which shall not be committed by such per-

18. D sons

ACTS of 1844.

26

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1844. sons as at the time of the offence committed shall be in actual service and full 1 pay in the Indian navy, such persons only excepted, and for such offences only as

are described in the 5th of the foregoing articles and orders.*

IV. Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower any court martial to be constituted by virtue of this Act, to proceed to the punishment or trial of any land officer or soldier on board any transport ship, for any of the offences specified in the several articles contained in this Act.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, that the Governor-general of India in Council, and the Governors in Council of Madras and Bombay respectively, shall have full power and authority to grant commissions to any officer commanding in chief any fleet or squadron of ships or vessels of war, to call and assemble courts martial, consisting of captains, commanders and lieutenants; and that in case any officer commanding in chief any fleet or squadron of ships or vessels of war (who shall be authorized by the Governor-general or Governor in Council for the time being, to call and assemble courts martial in foreign parts), shall happen to die, or be recalled or removed from his command, then the officer upon whom the command of the said fleet or squadron shall devolve, not under the rank of commander, and so from time to time the officer not under the rank of commander who shall have the command of the said fleet or squadron, shall have the same power to call and assemble courts martial, as the first commander in chief of the said fleet or squadron was invested with.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, that no commander in chief of any fleet or squadron of the Indian navy, or detachment thereof, consisting of more than five ships or vessels, shall preside at any court martial, but that the officer next in command to such officer commanding in chief shall hold such court martial and preside thereat, any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstand ing.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, that if any three or more of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy shall happen to meet together in foreign parts, then and in such ease it shall be lawful for the senior officer of the said ships or vessels, not under the rank of commander, to hold courts martial and preside thereat from time to time as there shall be occasion, during so long time as the said ships or vessels of the Indian navy, or any three or more of them shall continue together.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is also enacted, that where any material objection occurs which may render it improper for the person who is next in command to the senior officer or commander in chief of any fleet or squadron of the ships of the Indian navy in foreign parts, to hold courts martial or preside thereat, in such case it shall be lawful for the said Governor-general or Governor in Council, as also the commander in chief of any such squadron of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy in foreign parts respectively, to appoint the third officer' in command to preside at or hold such court martial.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, that no court martial to be held or appointed by virtue of this present Act, shall consist of more than thirteen or less than five persons, to be composed of such superior officers, captains, commanders or lieutenants, then and there present, as are next in seniority to the officer who presides at the court martial, such lieutenants not to exceed two-fifths of the whole court: Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Governor-general or Governor in Council (as the case may be) or any officer empowered to order or hold courts martial, to direct or ascertain the particular number of persons of which any court martial to be held or appointed by virtue of this Act shall consist.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, that upon all trials of offenders by any court martial, all the officers present who are to constitute the said court martial, shall, before they proceed to such trial, take such oath as is hereinafter mentioned, upon the Holy Evangelists, before the court, which oath the judge advocate or his deputy, or the person appointed to officiate as such, is hereby authorized and required to administer, in the words following; (that is to say)

“I, A.B.,

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

27

“I, A. B., do swear that I will administer justice according to the articles and orders established by an Act passed for the better securing the observance of an exact discipline in the Indian navy, without partiality, favour or affection, and if any case shall arise, which is not particularly mentioned in the said articles and orders, I will duly administer justice according to my conscience and the best of my understanding. And I do further swear that I will not upon any account at any time whatsoever disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of this court martial, unless thereunto required by an Act of the Governor-general of India in Council.

“ So help me God.”

And so soon as the said oath shall have been administered to the respective members, the president of the court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, an oath in the following words:

“ I, A. B., do swear that I will not upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of this court martial, unless thereunto required by an Act of the Governor-general of India in Council. « g, he)p me

XT. And it is hereby further enacted, that in case any person in the Indian navy being called upon to give evidence at any court martial shall refuse to give his evidence upon oath, or shall prevaricate in his evidence, or behave with contempt to the court, it shall and may be lawful for such court martial to punish every such offender by imprisonment, at the discretion of the court, such imprisonment not to continue longer than three months in case of such refusal or prevarication, nor longer than one month in the case of such contempt, and that all and every person and persons who shall commit any wilful perjury in any evidence or examination upon oath at any such court martial, or who shall corruptly procure or suborn any person to commit such wilful perjury, shall and may be prosecuted in Her Majesty’s courts by indictment or information, and every issue joined in any such indictment or information shall be tried according to the laws in force in such cases.

XII. And it is further enacted, that in every information or indictment to be prosecuted by virtue of this Act for any such offence, it shall be sufficient to set forth the offence charged upon the defendant, without setting forth the commission or authority for holding the court martial, and without setting forth the particular matter tried or to be tried, or directed or intended to be tried before such court.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that no sentence of death given by any court martial shall be put in execution, till after the report of the proceedings of the said court shall have been made to the said Governor-general in Council, and his directions shall have been given therein.

XIV. And’it is further enacted, that the judge advocate for the time being, or his deputy, shall have full power and authority, and is hereby required to administer an oath to any witness at any trial by court martial, and in the absence of the judge advocate and his deputy, the court martial shall have full power and authority to appoint any person to execute the office of judge advocate.

XV. And it is further enacted, that all the powers given by the several articles and orders established by this Act, shall remain and be in full force with respect to the crews of such of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy as shall be wrecked, or be otherwise lost or destroyed, and all the command, power and authority of the officers of the said ships or vessels shall remain and be in foil force, as effectually as if such ships or vessels to which they did belong were not so wrecked, lost or destroyed, until they shall be regularly discharged from the East India Company’s further service, or remove into some other of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy, or until a court martial shall be held to inquire into the causes of the loss of the said ships or vessels ; and if upon such inquiry it shall appear by the sentence of the court martial that all or any of the officers or seamen of the said ships or vessels did their utmost to preserve, get off or recover the same, and

18. d 2 since

ACTS of 1844.

28

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1844.

since the loss thereof have behaved themselves obediently to their superior officers according to the discipline of the Indian navy, and the said articles and orders hereinbefore established, then all the pay and wages of the said officers and seamen, or of such of them as shall have done their duty as aforesaid, shall continue and go on and be paid to the time of their discharge or death, or if they shall be then alive to the time of the holding of such court martial, or removal into some other of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy, and every such officer and seamen of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy who, after the wreck or loss of his ship or vessel, shall act contrary to the discipline of the Indian navy, and the several articles and orders hereinbefore established, or any of them, shall be sentenced by the said court martial and punished as if the ship or vessel to which he did belong was not so wrecked, lost or destroyed.

XVI. And it is further enacted, that all the pay and wages of such officers and seamen of any of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy as are taken by the enemy, who, upon inquiry at a court martial shall appear by the sentence of the said court to have done the utmost to defend the said ships or vessels, and since the taking thereof have behaved themselves obediently to their superior officers according to the discipline of the Indian navy, and the said articles and orders hereinbefore established, shall continue and go on and be paid from the time of their being so taken to the time of the holding of such court martial, or until they shall be regularly discharged from the East India Company’s service, or removed into some other of the ships or vessels of the Indian navy, or if they shall die in captivity or not live to the time of the holding of such court martial, to the time of their death, in such manner and not otherwise, as if the said ships or vessels to which they did belong respectively were not so taken.

XVII. Provided always, and it is further enacted, that no person or persons not flying from justice shall be tried or punished by any court martial for any offence to be committed against this Act, unless the complaint of such offence be made in writing to the Governor-general in Council or Governor in Council, or some officer empowered to order a court martial, or unless a court martial to try such offender shall be ordered by the said Governor-general or Governor in Council, or such officer either within three years after such offence shall be committed, or within one year after the return of the ship or vessel, or of the squadron to which such offender shall belong, into any of the ports in the East Indies, or within one year after the return of such offender into the East Indies.

XVIII. Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the office of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any Vice-Admiral, or any judge or judges of the Admiralty, or his or their deputy or deputies, or any other officers or ministers of the Admiralty, or any others having or claiming any Admiralty power, jurisdiction or authority within any of the Queen’s dominions, or from any person or court whatsoever, any power, right, jurisdiction, pre-eminence or authority which he or they or any of them lawfully hath, have or had, or ought to have or enjoy, before the making of this Act, so as the same person shall not be punished twice for the same offence.

XIX. And it is further enacted, that the proceedings of any court martial shall not I>e delayed by the absence of any of its members, provided a sufficient number doth remain to compose such court, which shall and is hereby required to sit from day to day (Sundays always excepted), until the sentence be given, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding ; and no member of the said court martial shall absent himself from the said court during the whole course of the trial, upon pain of being cashiered from the East India Company’s service, except in case of sickness, or other extraordinary and indispensable occasion, to be judged of by the said court.

ACT

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA. 29

ACT No. XIII. of 1844.

Passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, on the 15th June 1844.

ACTS of 1844.

An Act for making Trisoolee Pyce no longer a Legal Tender within the Province of Benares, and for their withdrawal from Circulation.

It is hereby enacted, that from and after the 1st day of August 1844, the Trisoolee pyce struck for the province of Benares, under the provisions of Regulation X. of 1809, and VII. of 1814, and at the Saugor mint, shall cease to be a legal tender within the province of Benares.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that until the said 1st day of August 1844, such Trisoolee pyce shall be received on account of the Government, and shall be exchanged by tale (that is to say, every Trisoolee pyce paid in shall be received as one Company’s pyce, and one Company’s pyce shall be given for every Trisoolee pyce presented for exchange), at such treasuries or other places within the province of Benares as shall be pointed out for that purpose in any proclamation of the Lieutenant-governor of the North Western Provinces.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that immediately after the passing of this Act, the said Lieutenant-governor shall issue a proclamation, pointing out the treasuries or other places within the province of Benares, at which such Trisoolee pyce shall be so received and exchanged as aforesaid, and notifying any Regulations respecting such receipt or exchange as the said Lieutenant-governor may deem it expedient to establish for the carrying into effect of the same, for the prevention of fraud therein, and especially for the rejection of such Trisoolee pyce as may appear to the officer appointed to receive or exchange the same under this Act, to be undoubtedly spurious.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Lieutenant-governor, if he shall see fit, to order that in any case one Company’s rupee shall be given for every 64 Trisoolee pyce so presented for exchange, and that in every such case one Company’s rupee shall be given for every 64 Trisoolee pyce accordingly.

ACT No. XIV. of 1844.

Passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, on the 6th July 1844.

An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Sudder Courts at Fort William, Fort St. George, Bombay and at Agra, in regard to Sentences of Transportation for Life.

I. It is hereby enacted, that within the territories subject to the government of the East India Company, whenever any of the Sudder Courts shall sentence any offender to imprisonment for life, it shall at the same time sentence such offender to transportation beyond sea for life, unless there should be special reasons inducing the court to think such prisoner not a proper subject for transportation, which special reasons the court is hereby directed to record.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that within the said territories, whenever any offender shall have been sentenced in the first instance by a commissioner of circuit or sessions judge to imprisonment for life, or whenever a commissioner of circuit or sessions judge shall have recommended that sentence of imprisonment for life be passed upon any offender, it shall be competent to a single judge of the Sudder Court to sentence such offender at the same time to transportation beyond sea for life, and such single judge is hereby directed to sentence such offender at the same time to transportation beyond sea for life, unless there should be special reasons inducing him to think such offender not a proper subject for transportation, which special reasons he is hereby further directed to record.

d 3 ACT

ACTS of 1844.

30 ACTS OF THE

ACT No. XV. of 1844.

Passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, on the 6th July 1844.

An Act for amending the Schedules of Import Duties annexed to Act XIV. of 1836, to Act I. of 1838, and to Act VI. of 1844.

Whereas by Article 17 of Schedule (A.) annexed to Act No. XIV. of 1836, by Article 18 of Schedule (A.) annexed to Act No. I. of 1838, and by Article 19 of Schedule (A.) annexed to Act No. VI. of 1844, certain rates of duty are to be charged on the importation into the ports of Bengal and Orissa, and the ports subject to the Presidencies of Bombay and Madras, of cotton and silk piece-goods, the produce of any place other than the United Kingdom or any British possession : and whereas it is expedient that the same rates of duties should be charged on other foreign goods of a like description:

It is hereby enacted, that from and after the 1st day of January 1845, the rates of duty prescribed for the said articles by the said Schedules, shall be charged on the importation into the ports of Bengal and Orissa, and the ports subject to the Presidencies of Madras and Bombay, of all manufactures of silk or cotton, and of silk and cotton mixed with any other material, which are the produce of any place other than the United Kingdom or any British possession, and of all foreign made up articles of the said manufactures, or of which any part of the materials is of the said manufactures*

ACT No. XVI. of 1844.

Passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, on the 27th July 1844.

An Act for increasing the Excise and Import Duties heretofore payable to the

* vemment on Salt manufactured within or imported into the Territories

subject to the Government of the Presidency of Bombay.

Whereas by Act VI. of 1844, all inland, transit and town duties levied on behalf of the government of the East India Company, within the limits of the .territories subordinate to the Presidency of Fort St. George, were abolished, and the impost on salt manufactured and sold within the said territories was raised to a rate more in accordance with the tax on the same article borne by other divisions of the British possessions: and whereas, although inquiries which have been instituted as to the origin and extent of certain town duties and local cesses within the Presidency of Bombay with a view to their abolition, have not yet been completed, it is nevertheless expedient, in order to equalize the average prices of salt within the Presidencies of Fort St. George and Bombay, to increase as well thb customs duty on imported salt, as the excise duty heretofore and at present payable on salt that may be delivered from any salt-work within the territories subject to the government of the Presidency of Bombay:.

I. It is herebv enacted, that from the 1st day of September 1844, section 1 of Act XXVII. of 1837, shall be repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of September 1844, there shall be paid to the Government on every maund of 3,200 tolas weight of salt that may be delivered from any salt-work within the territories subject to the government of the Presidency of Bombay, a duty of one Company’s rupee.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that section 43, Act I. of 1838, shall be repealed.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that on application by the exporter from any port of the Presidency of Bombay of any salt that has paid the excise duty fixed bv section 2 of this Act, a certificate shall be granted by the collector of customs at the place of export, under authority of which certificate the quantity of salt

• r specified

3i

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

t

specified therein shall be landed at any other port of the said Presidency of ACTSofi844. Bombay, and shall be passed from such port into the interior under cover of the 1

passes applicable to the free passage of salt, without the levy of any further duty either of excise or customs. *

V. And it is hereby enacted, that so much of Schedule (A.) appended to Act I. of 1838, as provides that on salt imported by sea into any port of the Presidency of Bombay, and not covered by a pass, there shall be levied a duty of eight annas per maund of 80 tolas per seer, and so much of Schedule (B.) appended to Act I. of 1838, as provides that salt having paid the excise duty of eight annas a maund shall be permitted to be exported free of duty from any port or place in the Presidency of Bombay, shall be repealed.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that on salt imported by sea into any port of the Presidency of Bombay, and not covered by a pass, there shall be levied

a duty of one Company’s rupee per maund of 3,200 tolas weight, and that ,

salt having paid the excise duty of one Company’s rupee per maund shall be permitted to be exported free from further duty from any port of the Presidency of Bombay.

ACT No. XVII. of 1844.

Passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, on the 10th August 1844.

An Act for the Administration of Justice and Collection of the Revenue in the

Territory which formed the State of Colaba, and which has lapsed to the British

Government.

I. It is hereby enacted, that from and after the 1st day of October 1844, the administration of civil and criminal justice, the superintendence of the police, and the collection and superintendence of the revenues of every description, within that portion of the lapsed territory of Colaba which is bounded on the east by the Nagotna River, and the talookas of Sunkse and Rujpooree, on the south by the Rewodunda River, on the west by the sea, including the Islands of Colaba, Oon-deree and Khanderee (Henery and Kenery), and on the north by the harbour of Bombay, shall vest in such agent to the Governor of the Presidency of Bombay, as shall be appointed by the Governor in Council, and shall be exercised by the said agent, with the aid of such assistants as may be appointed by the said Governor in Council.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall be competent to the Governor in

Council of Bombay, by an Order in Council, to prescribe such rules as he may deem proper for the guidance of the agent aforesaid, and of all the officers subordinate to his control and authority, and to determine to what extent the decision of the agent in civil suits shall be final, and in what suits an appeal shall lie to the Sudder (Jdalut, and to define the authority to be exercised by the agent in criminal trials, and what cases he shall submit to the decision of the Foujdaree Udalut. (

III. And it is hereby enacted, that upon the receipt of any criminal trials referred by the agent under the rules which may be hereafter prescribed by the Governor in Council, the Foujdaree Udalut shall proceed to pass a final judgment or such other order as may, after mature consideration, seem to the court requisite and proper, in the same manner as if the trial had been sent up in ordinary course from a sessions judge.

TV. And it is hereby enacted, that upon the receipt of any appeal from a decree of the agent duly preferred under the rules to be prescribed as aforesaid, the court of Sudder Udalut shall proceed to try and determine it in the same manner as appeals from the zillah courts.

' V. And it is hereby enacted, that each of the portions of the lapsed territory of Colaba not included within the boundaries specified in section 1 of this Act,

18. d 4 shall

32

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1844. shall be subject to the same laws and regulations, and shall be governed in all _____ respects in the same manner as the portions of the territories subject to the

Government of Bombay, by which such portions of the said lapsed territory may be respectively surrounded, or to which such portions of the said lapsed territory may be respectively contiguous.

ACT No. XVIII. of 1844.

Passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, on the 7th September 1844.

An Act for the better Control and Management of Gaols within the Bengal

Presidency.

I. It is hereby enacted, that so much of the provisions of any Regulation of the Bengal Code, or of any Act of the Government of India, as vests the judges of circuit, the commissioners of circuit, the superintendents of police and the Sudder Nizamut Adawlut, with control and superintendence over the several gaols of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, the prisoners confined in them, the establishments thereunto belonging, and the places of banishment or transportation of prisoners, is repealed.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that the whole of the said control and superintendence shall be vested in the magistrates and joint magistrates, acting under the instructions of the zillah and city judges, and that the magistrates, joint magistrates and zillah and city judges, shall be guided in regard to all matters relating to the gaols under their charge, the prisoners confined in them, the establishments thereunto belonging, and the places of banishment or transportation of prisoners, by such orders as they may receive from their respective local governments.

ACT No. XIX. of 1844.

Passed by the Governor-General of India in Council, on the 14th September 1844.

An Act for abolishing Town Duties and Mookauts, and all Taxes upon Trades and Professions, within the Presidency of Bombay.

It is hereby enacted, that from the 1st day of October 1844, all town duties, kusub veeras, mohturfas, ballootee taxes and cesses of every kind on trades or professions, under whatsoever name levied within the Presidency of Bombay, and not forming a part of the land revenue, shall be abolished.

ACT No. XX. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council, on the

26th October 1844.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Advances bona fide made to Agents entrusted with Goods, by extending to the Territories of the East India Company, in cases governed by English Law, the provisions of the Statute 5 & 6 Victoria, c. 39, as altered by this Act.

Whereas by Act XIII. of 1840, the provisions of the statute Geo. IV. c. 83, as altered and amended by the statute 6 Geo. IV. c. 94, were extended to the territories of the East India Company, in cases governed by English law; and whereas by the statute 5 & 6 Vict. c. 39, the said statute 6 Geo. IV. c. 94,'is altered and amended, and the provisions thereof are extended :

I. It

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

33

I. It is hereby enacted, that the statute 5 & 6 Vict. c. 30, as altered by this ACTS of 1844. Act, shall from and after the passing of this Act, be extended to the tern- — . —

torities of the East India Company: Provided always, that this Act shall not be construed to affect any case which would not have been governed by the law of England before the passing of the last-mentioned statute, if this Act had not passed, or to extend or alter the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty’s courts of justice.

The statute hereby extended to the territories of the East India Company, and as altered by this Act, is as follows :

5 & 6 Vict. Cap. XXXIX. as altered by this Act.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Advances bonfi. fide made to Agents

entrusted with Goods.

Whereas by an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty 6Gm.4,c.im. King George the Fourth, intituled, “ An Act to alter and amend an Act for the better protection of the Property of Merchants and others who may hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to Goods, Wares and Merchandize entrusted to Factors or Agents,” validity is given under certain circumstances, to contracts or agreements made with persons entrusted with and in possession of the documents of title to goods and merchandize, and consignees making advances to persons abroad who are entrusted with any goods and merchandize, are entitled, under certain circumstances, to a lien thereon, but under the said Act, and the present state of the law, advances cannot safely be made upon goods or documents to persons known to have possession thereof as agents only: And whereas by the said Act it is, amongst other things, further enacted,

“ that it shall be lawful to and for any person to contract with any agent entrusted with any goods, or to whom the same may be consigned for the purchase of any such goods, and to receive the same of and to pay for the same to such agent, and such contract and payment shall be binding upon and good against the owner of such goods, notwithstanding such person shall have notice that the person making such contract, or on whose behalf such contract is made is an agent; provided such contract or payment be made in the usual and ordinary course of business, and that such person shall not, when such contract is entered into or payment made, have notice that such agent is not authorized to sell the same, or to receive the said purchase moneyAnd whereas advances on the security of goods and merchandize have become an usual and ordinary course of business, and it is expedient and necessary that reasonable and safe facilities should be afforded thereto, and that the same protection and validity should be extended to bona fide advances upon goods and merchandize, as by the said recited Act is given to sales, and that owners entrusting agents with the possession of goods and merchandize, or of documents of title thereto, should in all cases where such owners by the said recited Act or otherwise would be bound by a contract or agreement of sale, be in like manner bound by any contract or agreement of pledge or lien for any advances bon4 fide made on the security thereof: And whereas much litigation has arisen on the construction of the said recited Act, and the same does not extend to protect exchanges of securities bona fide made, and so much uncertainty exists in respect thereof, that it is expedient to alter and amend the same, and to extend the provisions thereof, and to put the law on a clear and certain basis: Be it therefore enacted, by the Queen’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the passing of this Act BookM*»dT«o«.to any agent who shall thereafter be entrusted with the possession of goods, or of the P£*°“ en*r"^J? "i,h documents of title to goods, shall be deemed and taken to be owner of such goods and documents, so far as to give validity to any contract or agreement by way of tkou*h * pledge, lien or security bona fide made by any person with such agent so entrusted *gen,*, as aforesaid, as well for any original loan, advance or payment made upon the security of such goods or documents, as also for any further or continuing advance in respect thereof, and such contract or agreement shall be binding upon and good against the owner of such goods, and all other persons interested therein, notwithstanding the person claiming such pledge or lien may have had notice that the person with whom such contract or agreement is made is only an agent.

18. E II. And

ACTS of 1844. 34 '

ACTS OF THE

Bop& fide deposits in exchange protected;

but 00 lien beyond the value of the goods given up.

But the statute to be construed to protect only transactions bon4 fide without notice that the agent pledging is acting without authority or malfi fide against the owner.

Meaning of the term M Document of Title.*

And when agent entrusted.

And when In possession.

What to be deemed a “ Contract or Agreement* and “ Advance.*

Possession primi facie evidence uf entrusting.

II. And be it enacted, that where any such contract or agreement for pledge, lien or security, shall be made in consideration of the delivery or .transfer to such agent of any other goods or merchandize, or document of title or negotiable security, upon which the person so delivering up the same had at the time a valid and available lien and security for or in respect of a previous advance by virtue of some contract or agreement made with such agent, such contract and agreement, if bona fide on the part of the person with whom the same may be made, shall be deemed to be a contract made in consideration of an advance within the true intent and meaning of this Act, and shall he as valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, and to the same extent, as if the consideration for the same had been a bona fide present advance of money: Provided always, that the lieu acquired under such last-mentioned contract or agreement upon the goods or documents deposited in exchange, shall not exceed the value at the time of the goods and merchandize which, or the documents of title to which, or the negotiable security which shall be delivered up and exchanged.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, that this Act and every matter and thing herein contained, shall be deemed and construed to give validity to such contracts and agreements only, and to protect only such loans, advances and exchanges as shall be made bond fide, and without notice that the agent making such contracts or agreements as aforesaid has not authority to make the same, or is acting malA fide in respect thereof against the owner of such goods and merchandize ; and nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to or protect any lien or pledge for or in respect of any antecedent debt owing from any agent to any person with or to whom such lien or pledge shall be given, nor to authorize any agent entrusted as aforesaid in deviating from any express orders or authority received from the owner; but that, for the purpose and to the intent of protecting all such bona fide loans, advances and exchanges as aforesaid (though made with notice of such agent not being the owner, but without any notice of the agent’s acting without authority), and to no further or other intent or purpose, such contract or agreement as aforesaid shall be binding on the owner and all other persons interested in such goods.

IV. And he it enacted, that any bill of lading, India warrant, dock warrant, warehouse-keeper’s certificate, w arrant or order for the delivery of goods, or any other document used in the ordinary course of business as proof of the possession or control of goods, or authorizing or purporting to authorize, either by indorsement or by delivery, the possessor of such document to transfer or receive goods thereby represented, shall be deemed and taken to be a document of title within the meaning of this Act; and any agent entrusted as aforesaid and possessed of any such document of title, whether derived immediately from the owner of such goods or obtained by reason of such agent’s having been entrusted witfy the possession of the goods, or of any other document of title thereto, shall be deemed and taken to have been entrusted with the possession of the goods represented by such document of title as aforesaid, and all contracts pledging or giving a lien upon such document, of title as aforesaid, shall he deemed and taken to be respectively pledges of and liens upon the goods to which the same relates; "and such agent shall be deemed to be possessed of such goods or documents, whether the same shall he in his actual custody, or shall be held by any other person subject to his control, orfor himor on his behalf; and where any loan or advance shall be bond fide made to any agent entrusted with and in possession of any such goods or documents of title as aforesaid, on the faith of any contract or agreement in writing to consign, deposit, transfer or deliver such goods or documents of title as aforesaid, and such goods or documents of title shall actually be received by the person making such loan or advance, without notice that stich agent was not authorized to make such pledge or security, every such loan or advance shall be deemed and taken to be a loan or advance on the security of such goods or documents of title within the meaning of this Act, though such gouds or documents of title shall not actually be received by the person making such loan or advance till the period subsequent thereto; and any contract or agreement whether made direct with such agent as aforesaid, or with any clerk or other person on his behalf, shall be deemed a contract or agreement with such agent; and any payment made, whether by money or bills of exchange, or other negotiable security, shall be deemed and taken to be an advance within the meaning of this Act; and an agent in possession as aforesaid of such goods or documents shall be taken,

for

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

35

for the purposes of this Act, to have been entrusted therewith by the owner thereof, ACTS of 1844; unless the contrary can be shown in evidence. ----

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, that nothing herein contained shall a*p*c. civil re*poo*ibi-lessen, vary, alter or affect the civil responsibility of an agent for any breach of 11V

duty or contract, or non-fulfilment of his orders or authority in respect of any such contract, agreement, lien or pledge as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, that if any agent entrusted as afore- A^ent mikingcoD»i«n. said shall, contrary to or without the authority of his principal in that behalf, for

his own benefit and in violation of good faith, make any consignment, deposit, g»'ityof mi»d.mc.our. transfer or delivery of any goods or documents of title so entrusted to him as aforesaid, as and by way of a pledge, lien or security, or shall, contrary to or without such authority, for his own benefit and in violation of good faith, accept any advance on the faith of any contract or agreement to consign, deposit, transfer or deliver such goods or documents of title as aforesaid, every such agent shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be sentenced to transportation for any term not exceeding fourteen years, nor less than seven years, or to suffer such other punishment by fine or imprisonment, or by both, as the court shall award ; and every clerk or other person who shall knowingly and wilfully act and assist in making any such consignment, deposit, transfer or delivery, or in accepting or procuring such advance as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the discretion of the court, to any of the punishments which the court shall award, as hereinbefore last mentioned : Provided nevertheless, that no such agent shall be liable to any prosecution for consigning, depositing, transferring or delivering ‘ any such goods or documents of title, in case the same shall not be made a security for or subject to the payment of any greater sum of money than the amount which at the time of such consignment, deposit, transfer or delivery, was justly due and owing to such agent from his principal, together with the amount of any bills of exchange drawn by or on account of such principal, and accepted by such agent:

Provided also, that the conviction of any such agent so convicted as aforesaid, shall not be received in evidence in any action at law or suit in equity against him, and no agent entrusted as aforesaid shall be liable to be convicted by any evidence whatsoever in respect of any act done by him, if he shall at any time previously to his being indicted for such offence have disclosed such act, on oath, in consequence of any compulsory process of any court of law or equity in any action, suit or proceeding which shall have been bona fide instituted by any party aggrieved, or if he shall have disclosed the same in any examination or deposition before any commissioner of bankrupt or of any insolvent court.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, that nothing herein contained shall prevent such owner as aforesaid from having the right to redeem such goods or documents of title, pledged as aforesaid, at any time before such goods shall have been sold, upon repayment of the amount of the lien thereon, or restoration of the securities in respect of which such lien may exist, and upon payment or satisfaction to such agent, if by him required, of any sum of money for or in respect of which such agent would bylaw be entitled to retain the same goods or documents, or any of them, by way of lien as against such owner, or to prevent the said owner from recovering of and from such person with whom any such goods or documents may have been pledged, or who shall have any such lien thereon as aforesaid, any balance or sum of money remaining in his hands as the produce of the sale of such goods, after deducting the amount of the lien of such person under such contract or agreement as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case of the bankruptcy or insolvency of any such agent, the owner of the goods which shall have been so redeemed by such owner as aforesaid, shall in respect of the sum paid by him on account of such agent for such redemption, be held to have paid such sum for the use of such agent before his bankruptcy or insolvency, or in case the goods shall not be so redeemed, the owner shall be deemed a creditor of such agent for the value of the goods so pledged at the time of the pledge, and shall, if he shall think fit, be entitled in either of such cases to prove for or set off the sum so paid, or the value of such goods, as the case may be.

Right of owner to redeem;

or to recovei balance of proceed!!.

Id caw of bankruptcy, owner to prove for amount paid to redeem, or for value of goods, if unredeemed.

VIII. And be it enacted, that in construing this Act the word “Person” int*rpret»tioo«fAct. shall be taken to designate a body corporate or company as well as an individual; and that words in the singular number shall, when necessary to give effect to the 18. e 2 intention

36

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1844.

Kot to affect any eon* tract made before the puting of this Act.

intention of the said Act, import also the plural, and vice versa; and words used in the masculine gender shall, when required, be taken to apply to a female as well as a male.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to give validity to or in anywise to affect any contract, agreement, lien, pledge or other act, matter or thing made or done before the passing of this Act.

ACT No. XXI. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council, on

the 16th November 1844.

An Act for regulating the Emigration of the Native Inhabitants of the Territories

under the Government of the East India Company, to Jamaica, British Guiana

and Trinidad.

I. It is hereby enacted, that Act No. XIV. of 1839, and all Acts repealed thereby, so far as the same are applicable to the emigration of natives from the ports of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay respectively, to Jamaica, British Guiana and Trinidad respectively, are repealed: Provided always, that the aforesaid Act,

• No. XIV. of 1839, shall remain in foil force in all the ports of India, except the ports aforesaid, and in regard to emigrants from India proceeding to other places than Jamaica, British Guiana, Trinidad and Mauritius.

II. And it is hereby enacted, that after the passing of this Act, emigrant labourers, being native inhabitants of the territories under the government of the East India Company, shall be allowed to pass and to be conveyed to Jamaica, British Guiana and Trinidad respectively, from the ports of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay respectively, but not otherwise.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that at each of the three ports aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Government of the Presidency within which the port is situated, to authorize such persons as may be nominated by the Governments of Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad, to act as emigration agents at the aforesaid ports respectively, and to exercise the powers conferred on emigration agents by this Act, and every such emigration agent shall make monthly reports to the Government to which he is subordinate, of all matters transacted by him in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, that at each of the three ports aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Government of the Presidency within which the port is situated, to nominate a proper person to act as protector of emigrants at the aforesaid ports respectively.

V. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be lawful to convey any emigrant, being a native of India, who may embark for the purpose of labouring for hire in any of the colonies of Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad from any of the ports aforesaid, in any ship or vessel, unless a license be obtained for carrying emigrants in such ship or vessel from the Government of the Presidency in which the port is situated : a fee not exceeding one rupee per emigrant, as may be regulated from time to time by the local Government, shall be demandable in respect of every such license, which fee shall be carried to the credit of the said Government, and the granting or withholding any such license shall be entirely discretionary with the Government; and in consideration of such license the master of every ship conveying or destined to convey emigrants from India shall execute a bond, binding himself and his owners in a penal sum of 10,000 rupees, to conform to the several conditions herein provided, and the said bond shall be executed in duplicate, that it may be put in suit either at the place of execution or in the colony to which the emigrants are to be conveyed, and one copy shall be forwarded to the Government of such colony, to be dealt with as the case may require: and every ship or vessel in which any such emigrant shall be conveyed without a license being obtained as aforesaid, shall be liable to be forfeited, and the master thereof shall

be

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

37

be liable as for a misdemeanor, in a fine of 1,000 rupees for every such emigrant Ad'S of 1844. so illegally conveyed. — — —

VI. And it is hereby enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the master of any vessel licensed as above, to receive on board any emigrant labourer, as above provided, unless such labourer shall have in his possession and show a certificate or pass, to be given to him by the emigration agent of the port, countersigned by the protector, stating his name and the name of his father, and his age, and certifying that having appeared before such agent, he has declared his willingness to proceed to work for hire in the colony to which such vessel is bound, and has been engaged by him as an emigrant to such colony, on the part of the Govern* ment thereof.

VII. And it is hereby enacted, that before any ship or vessel so licensed to carry emigrant labourers as above provided, shall be cleared out from any of the aforesaid ports for any one of the three colonies aforesaid, it shall be necessary for the master of such ship or vessel, provided any emigrant of the description aforesaid shall embark therein, to obtain from the emigration agent so nominated and authorized at such port as aforesaid, a certificate under the hand of such agent, to the effect following, that is to say —

1st. That such agent has by personal communication done what is required on the part of such agent by the third article of the Schedule hereunto annexed, provided always that every such agent shall make the inquiries specified in such Schedule in an open court or public office, to which all persons shall have admission.

2dly. That all the directions contained in the 4th, 5th, Cth and 7th articles of the said Schedule, for ensuring the health and safety of passengers, have been duly complied with.

3dly. That (in addition to the directions contained in the said Schedule) such rules have been complied with as the Governor-general in Council shall from time to time frame, touching the medical attendance and medical stores, and the proper clothing to be provided, the species of provisions suited to native habits, the number of women that should accompany the emigrants, or other matters.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, that the probable lengths of the voyages to Jamaica, British Guiana and Trinidad from the ports aforesaid respectively, shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be: — For the port of Calcutta, 20 weeks; for the port of Madias, 19 weeks; for the port of Bombay, 19 weeks; and that no ship or vessel carrying emigrant labourers to Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad, shall sail from Calcutta, Madras or Bombay, at any other time than between the 30th day of any September and the 1st of March next thereafter ensuing.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, that before any ship or vessel shall be cleared out from any of the aforesaid ports for Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad, it shall be necessary for the master thereof to deliver to the emigration agent, so nominated and authorized at such port as aforesaid, the list specified in Article 10 of the said Schedule, and to obtain such duplicate thereof as is required by the said Article.

X. And it is hereby enacted, that if the master of any ship or vessel shall at any of the ports aforesaid take on board such ship or vessel any emigrant labourer of the description aforesaid, and shall clear such ship or vessel for Jamaica,

British Guiana or Trinidad, without having fully complied with every particular hereinbefore required previous to clearance, he shall be liable on conviction before any magistrate or justice of the peace, in a penalty of 200 rupees for every emigrant labourer so taken on board his ship or vessel.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, that if the master of any ship or vessel shall, after having cleared such ship or vessel at any such port as aforesaid for Jamaica,

British Guiana or Trinidad, take on board any such emigrant labourer as aforesaid without having entered such emigrant labourer in such list as aforesaid, or without having obtained such duplicate as aforesaid containing the entry of such emigrant prior to clearance, he shall be liable on conviction before any magistrate or justice of the peace, in a penalty not exceeding 500 rupees for every emigrant so taken on board his ship or vessel. v

18. £3 XXL And

38

ACTS OF THE

ACTStof 1844.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, that if any master of any ship or vessel cleared for Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad as aforesaid shall, after having obtained such certificate as aforesaid, fraudulently do or suffer to be done any act or thing whereby such certificate shall become inapplicable to the altered state of the ship or vessel, its passengers or other matters to which such certificate relates, such master shall be liable on conviction in any penalty not exceeding 5,000 rupees, besides incurring a forfeiture of any bond executed in consideration of any licence obtained for the vessel as originally described.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted, for the greater security against emigrant labourers being embarked for Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad contrary to the provisions of this Act, that all the powers vested by law in the officers or customs in regard to the searching and detention of ships or vessels, or otherwise for the prevention of smuggling on board thereof, may be exercised by such officers for the prevention of the illegal embarkation of such emigrants as aforesaid on board ships or vessels bound for Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad, and of other offences against this Act; and it is further enacted, that all pilots in the service of the East India Company shall be invested with the same powers, and be charged with the same duties, as preventive officers of customs in this behalf.

XIV- And it is hereby enacted, that every person who shall attempt by means of intoxication or by false imprisonment, or other means of crimping, to export any native on board any ship or vessel contrary to the provisions of this Act, •shall be liable to be punished on conviction before a magistrate Iu a fine not exceeding 500 rupees, or imprisonment not exceeding six months; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the offender from being proceeded against by indictment, but the offender shall only be liable to one of these courses of proceeding.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, that whenever a vessel shall clear from Calcutta for Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad, with emigrant labourers duly embarked thereon, the customs officer on board such vessel shall countersign the pass or certificate brought on board such vessel by every such emigrant labourer, and shall keep a register of every such emigrant labourer as may come on board; and such customs officer shall remain on board such vessel until she shall arrive in Saugor Roads, and shall not come away until a muster of the crew and passengers and emigrant labourers has been made in his presence, and in that of the pilot in charge of the vessel; and after the customs officer has taken muster and quitted the vessel, the pilot shall continue to exercise the duties indicated in section 13 of this Act, and it shall be lawful for him, if he shall deem it necessary, to require the master or commander to take a general muster of the crew and passengers and emigrant labourers on board, and to sign a muster roll so taken, and every such custom-house officer and pilot shall make a complete report of the emigrant labourers on board of any ship at the time of his quitting the same, and such report shall contain a declaration, that to the best of the declarant’s belief, no additional emigrant labourers have been received on board since obtaining the certificate, and that nothing else has been done or omitted to be done in the ship or vessel contrary to the provisions of this Act, and every such report or muster, if any, shall be transmitted without delay to the emigration agent of the port; and any custom-house officer or pilot who shall wilfully make a false, erroneous or incomplete report of the emigrant labourers on board of any ship, or who shall connive at the unauthorized embarkation of any such emigrant labourers, shall be liable, besides dismissal, to a fine of 500 rupees, commutable, if not paid, to imprisonment in the Calcutta gaol for six months, and the penalty shall be adjudged in like manner as similar penalties are adjudged for oftences committed in respect to the Customs Revenue.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, that if any person shall forge or shall use, knowing it to be forged, any document required by this Act, such person shall be liable to be imprisoned for any period not exceeding seven years.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, that all the several penalties to which the masters of ships or vessels are liable by this Act, shall be enforced by information laid before any justice of the peace at the instance of the emigration

agent.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

39

agent, or of any officer appointed for the purpose by the Government of the place or Presidency, or may be enforced by putting in suit the bond given by the master, if such bond has been given in consideration of the licence granted to the ship.

8 CHEDUL E.

1. The Governors of Jamaica, British Guiana and Trinidad may from time to time nominate such persons as they shall see fit, to act as emigration agents at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay.

2. The remuneration to be given to any such agent in India, shall not depend upon or be regulated by the number of the emigrants sent by him, but shall be in the nature of an annual salary.

3. Every such emigration agent shall ascertain, by personal communication with every emigrant previously to his or her embarkation from the port or place for which such agent shall have been appointed, that such emigrant has not been induced to emigrate by any fraud, false or unreasonable expectation, and is aware of the distance of the colony to which he or she is about to emigrate from the. place where he or she is about to embark ; and such agent shall explain the real advantages likely to be derived by such emigrant from a removal to such colony, at the same time cautioning such emigrant against unreasonable and unwarrantable expectations ; and such agent shall also ascertain that every such emigrant is in good health, and not incapacitated from labour by old age, bodily nfirmity or disease.

4. It shall not be lawful to ship on board of any ship or vessel carrying emigrants from India to any of the colonies aforesaid, any number of passengers exceeding the proportion of one person for every two tons of the registered burthen of such ship or vessel, and no such ship or vessel carrying emigrants and having more than one deck, shall have less than the height of six feet at the least between decks, and in case such ship or vessel shall have only one deck, a platform shall be laid beneath such deck, and in such manner as to afford a space of the height of six feet at the least, and that such platform shall not be so laid as that the lower beams shall project above the same, and that no such ship or vessel shall have more than two tiers of berths, and that no such ship or vessel shall carry passengers on any such voyage to any of the colonies aforesaid, unless there shall be an interval of six inches at least between the deck or platform and the floor of the lower tier throughout the whole extent thereof; and whatever may be the tonnage of the ship or vessel, no greater number of passengers shall be taken oh board of such ship or vessel, than shall be after the rate of one such person for every twelve superficial feet of the lower deck or platform unoccupied by goods or stores not being the personal luggage of such person.

5. In the computation of the number of passengers within the meaning of these Regulations, two children under the age of ten years shall be considered as equal to, and shall be reckoned as one person only.

6. There shall be actually laden on board of every ship or vessel conveying emigrants into any of the colonies aforesaid, at the time of departure of such ship or vessel from the port or place at which such labourers shall be embarked, good and wholesome provisions for the use and consumption of the said passengers, over and above the victualling of the crew, to the amount or in the proportion following ; that is to say, a supply of water to the amount of five gallons for every week of the computed voyage for every passenger on board such ship or vessel, such water being carried in tanks or sweet casks, and a supply of rice, bread, biscuit, flour, oatmeal or bread stuffs to the amount of seven pounds weight to every week of the computed voyage for every such passenger: Provided always, that when any such ship or vessel shall be destined to call at a port or place in the course of her voyage, for the purpose of filling up her water-casks, a supply of water at the rate before mentioned

18. t: 4 for

ACTS #f 1844,

40

ACTS OF THE

ACTS of 1844. for every week of an. average voyage to such port or place of calling, shall be deemed

---- to be a compliance with this Regulation, and provided that the preceding Regulation regarding food shall be deemed to have been complied with, in any case

when it shall be made to appear that by the special authority of the Governor-

general of India in Council, any other articles of food were substituted for the articles above enumerated, as being in his judgment equivalent thereto.

7. Before any such ship or vessel shall be cleared out on any such voyage, the agent appointed for the port or place from which such ship or vessel shall be cleared out, shall survey or cause to be surveyed by some competent person, the provisions and water hereinbefore required to be on board for the consumption of passengers, and shall ascertain that the same are in good and sweet condition, and also that over and above the same there is on board an ample supply of water and stores for the victualling of the crew of the ship or vessel, and shall also ascertain that such ship or vessel is generally reputed sea-worthy, and that the directions hereinbefore contained for ensuring the health and safety of the passengers have been complied with, and shall grant a certificate thereof under his hand to the master of such ship or vessel.

8. The master of every ship or vesse conveying emigrants to Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad, shall be bound to provide for and furnish to every such emigrant, and his wife and children, a sufficient quantity of good and wholesome provisions for his, her and their daily maintenance during such voyage, and during the space of 48 hours next after the arrival of such ship or vessel at the place of destination.

9. Two copies of these Regulations, authenticated by the signature of the agent at the port or place at which such emigrants shall embark, shall be delivered to the master by such agent on demand, at the time of clearance, and shall be kept on board of every ship .or vessel carrying such emigrants as aforesaid, and one of such copies shall, upon request made at reasonable times to the master of the ship or vessel, be produced to any passenger for his perusal.

10. The master of every ship or vessel carrying emigrants from India to any of the three colonies aforesaid, shall before clearing out such ship or vessel, deliver to such agent at the port or place from which such vessel is cleared out, a list in writing, together with a duplicate of the same, specifying as accurately as may be the names, ages and occupations of all and every the emigrants on board such ship -or vessel, and such agent shall thereupon deliver to the said master the counterpart of such lists, signed by such agent, and the said master shall on the arrival of such ship or vessel at the place of destination, and previous to the disembarkation of any such emigrants, give notice of the arrival of such ship or vessel, and deliver the said counterpart of such list to the protector of immigrants appointed or to be appointed at the colony at which the said ship or vessel may have arrived.

11. Provided always, that nothing in these Regulations contained shall apply to any ship or vessel in the service of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or to any of Her Majesty’s ships of war.

ACT No. XXII. of 1844.

Passed by the Right Honourable the Governor-General of India in Council, on

the 28th December 1844.

An Act for regulating the Copper Coinage of the Mints in the Territories of the

East India Company.

1. It is hereby enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, the following copper coins only shall be issued from any mint within the territories of the East India Company:

1. A Pice, weighing............................100 grains troy.

2. A Double Pice - - - - - 200 ,

3. A Pie of one-twelfth of an Anna-piece - 33^ , ,

with such devices as shall be fixed for the same by the Goverpor-general in Council.

II. And

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.

4i

II. And it is hereby enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, the ACTS of 1

said pice shall be a legal tender throughout the territories of the East India Com- ----

pany for e\ of the Company’s rupee, and the said double pice for A of the Company’s rupee, and the said pie for of the Company’s rupee.

III. And it is hereby enacted, that all copper coins of the weights specified in section 1 of this Act, which may have been issued since the passing of Act XXI. of 1835, from any mint within the Presidency of Bombay, shall be legal tender respectively for the values specified in section 2 of this Act, within that Presidency.

IV. Provided always, that none of the said copper coins shall be legal tender except for fractions of a rupee.

18.

F

INDEX

4*

INDEX TO ACTS OF THE SUPREME

INDEX TO THE ACTS

OF THE

SUPREME GOVERNMENT OF INDIA,

For the Year 1844.

(Nos. I. to XXII.)

A.

Act 0 Geo. 4, so much of, as respects the period of the execution of persons con victed of murder, shall cease to have effect in the East India Company’s territories. [See Execution] ----

----XXYII. of 1837, Section 1 of, repealed

----I. of 1838, section 43 of, repealed. [See

Salt] -

— I. of 1838, so much of Schedule (A.) of, as provides for the levy of a duty of 8 annas per maund of salt imported by sea, and so much of Schedule (B.) as permits such salt to be exported free, repealed -

Acts of Government oi India as vest the judges of circuit, commissioners of circuit, superintendents of police and the Sudder Nizamut Adawlut with control over iails, prisoners and establishments, and places of banishment and transportation of prisoners, repealed. Regulations and

Jails]

Act XIV. of 1839, relating to the emigration of natives from Calcutta, Madras and Bombay to Jamaica, British Guiana and Trinidad, repealed. [See Emigration]

Administration of the state of Colaba. [See Colaba.]

Advances bon& fide made to agents entrusted with the possession of goods or documents of title tnereto, protected, and contracts made with such agents to be binding upon agents by the extension to the Company’s territories of Statute 6 & 6 Vict. c. 39 - bon& fide deposit of goods made in

exchange to such agents to be considered as effectual as advances made in money, but in such case no hen shall be acquired beyond the value of the goods given up - The statute to be construed to pro-

tect only transactions bona fide, without notice that the agent pledging is acting without authority or mala fide against the owner ----

-...- meaning of the term “ Document

of Title,” when agent to be deemed entrusted and when in possession of goods, and what to be deemed a, contract or agreement and advance; possession prim& facie evidence of entrusting - - -

agent’s civil responsibility for breach

of duty or contract not to be diminished agent making consignments, depo-

sits, transfers or delivery of goods contrary to instruction of principsd, guilty of misdemeanor, as also persons assisting the agent in such proceedings; the agent not liable to prosecution if the deposits or transfers do not exceed the sums owing to the agent by the principal

XVI.

XVIII

XXI.

XX.

SECTION.

I.

I.

III.

I.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

Her Majesty’s Courts. Bombay.

Bonibay.

Bombay.

Presidency of Fort William.

General.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

Her Majesty’s Courts.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR 1844.

43

Advances: owner may redeem goods pledged by the agent, or recover balance of proceeds from persons with whom they may have been pledged; in case of bankruptcy or insolvency of the agent, owner to prove for amount paid to redeem, or for value of goods if unredeemed -

---- interpretation of terms used in

this Act ----

not to afiect contracts made before

the passing of this Act Agents, bon& fide advances made to, entrusted with goods or documents of title thereto by owners thereof, protected, [See Advances.]

Appeals to the Queen in Council, expense of preparing copies in English of the proceedings in cases of, from the judgments of the Sudder Dewanny to be borne by the prosecuting parties -

— ----not admissible till deposit within proper

time of a sufficient sum for covering expense of making copies -

----summary, may be received by zillah

or city judges from orders of principal sudder ameens or sudder ameens rejecting original suits instituted in their respective courts. [See Principal Sudder Ameens and Sudder Ameens]

B.

Ballootee taxes. [See Town Duties] -Benares, withdrawal of the circulation of trisoolee pyce from the province of. [See Trisoolee Pyce.]

Bombay, state of Colaba placed under agent to the Governor of. [See Colaba.] Bombay Marine. [See Navy,]

British Guiana, emigration of natives of the Company’s territories to. [See Emigration] ----

C.

Carnatic, privileges of the Nabob of the ; the Nabob Regent, their respective families, dependants and retinue protected. [See Nabob] ----

Cesses upon trades and professions. [See

Town Duties]..............................

Colaba, state of, placed under administration of an agent to be appointed by the Governor of Bombay in Council, and its boundary defined -

Governor in Council, may prescribe

rules for the guidance of the agent and his subordinate officers, and determine the judicial powers of the agent in civil and criminal trials ----Foujdary Udalut to pass final judgment on trials referred by the agent as in ordinary course - — Sudder Udalut to try appeals from the agent’s decree, in the same manner as appeals from zillah courts -

portions of the lapsed territory of, not

included within the defined boundaries, to be subject to the laws and regulations by which the portions of the Bombay territories may be governed, to which such portions of the lapsed territory may be contiguous - - -

Commissioners of circuit relieved of their control and superintendence over jails, prisoners, &c. [See Jails] -

18.

ACT.

XX.

SECTION.

VII.

VIII. IX.

II.

IX.

XVII.

I.

II.

IV.

CLAUSE.

II.

III.

IV.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OP THE ACTS.

General.

General.

General.

Bombay.

General.

Madras.

Bombay.

Bombay.

Bombay.

Bombay.

Bombay.


(continue#)

44

!ND£X TO ACTS OF THE SUPREME

Copper Coins. [See Trisoolee Pyce.]

.----the issue of, of different weights

regulated ----

----such pyce shall be legal tender

for what value -

----those of weights mentioned in

section 1 of this Act issued since Act XXI. of 1836, shall be legal tender for the value specified in section 2 -

shall not be legal tender but for

fractions of a rupee

Corporal punishment substituted for imprison* ment in certain cases. [See Larceny] -

Cotton manufactures and silk and cotton mixed with other material of foreign produce, import duty on, modified. [See Duty] -

Courts martial in the Indian navy. [See Navy.]

Criminal business, despatch of, facilitated in the Supreme Court at Calcutta. [See Supreme Court.]

Customs duties; Regulations.of Madras Code imposing transit or inland, under the Madras Presidency, rescinded

---- Regulations of same code im-

Kosing sea customs duties, rescinded. [See Regulations] -

----the foregoing not to prevent the

levy of any municipal tax, or toll on bridges, roads, canals, piers or causeways, or any fee for lighthouses ...

to be levied on goods imported

bv sea into the Presidency of Fort St.

George

to be levied on goods exported

by sea from ditto.......................

to be levied on goods passing

by land into or out of foreign European settlements, adjacent to the Presidency of Fort St. George ----

----the Governor in Council may

declare by notice in the Gazette, the territory of native chiefs beyond the jurisdiction of the courts to be foreign

chokees may be established for

the levy of duties on goods passing into or out of foreign territory; powers of officers of such chokees defined; goods not to be allowed to pass without a certificate of duty paid in full -

the Governor in Council may

appoint officers to collect duties and to grant certificates of payments; if the goods do not correspond with the certificate what course to be adopted

the appointment of officers to

receive, on the frontier to be notified in the official Gazette; such officers shall grant certificates on receipt of the proper duty

---- certificates not to bear date

more than 30 days before the arrival of the goods; certificates not used may

be renewed..................................

---- routes by which goods may

cross the land frontier to be notified in the official Gazette; goods brought by other routes liable to detention or confiscation -goods crossing frontier clandes-

tinely to be confiscated

penalty for officer permitting

goods to cross the frontier without certificate or by prohibited route - - -

----penalty for a chokee officer

needlessly injuring goods or wrongfully detaining them - - - - -

ACT. SECTION.

tXII. I.

99 II.

99 III.

99 IV.

III. i.

XV.

VI. i.

99 ii.

99 in.

99 IV.

99 V.

91 VI.

99 VII.

99 VIII.

99 IX.

r> X.

99 XT.

99 XII.

99 XIII.

99 XIV.

99 XV.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

General.

Presidency of Fort William.

General.

Madras.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR 1844.

46

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

Customs duties; goods imported by sea from foreign European settlements or native states declared foreign, to be liable to duties leviable on foreign bottoms -

---- — no dutiable goods entered in

either of the Schedules of this Act to be exempted unless under special order of Government; customs collectors may pass free any baggage in actual use

----under what circumstances goods

may be imported duty free from any other Madras port .....

VI.

n

XVI.

XVII. XVIII.

----credit may be given at any

Madras port for duties paid at any other British Indian port on goods imported from thence ----

---- Governor in Council to notify

from time to time in the official Gazette, the valuation of articles liable to ad valorem duty................................

---- when no value has been fixed

or declared on any goods passed for importation and exportation, duty to be levied according te the market value

— ----the market value on ad valorem

goods how and by whom to be declared; written applications to be made for the passing of goods; what the application to contain ----

w

ii

ii

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

---- declaration of market value

to be submitted to appraising officer who shall countersign it if correct ; the collector may purchase undervalued goods at the price declared -

---- Government to notify in the

official Gazette the ports for landing and shipping merchandize; goods landing at other ports to be confiscated -

----manifests of cargo to be sent in

by masters of vessels on arrival; the Governor in Council may appoint places beyond which no inward-bound vessel, excepting certain country craft, shall pass until the master has forwarded the manifest of cargo.........................

XXIII.

XXIV.

XXV.

----penalty for a master delivering

a manifest not containing a full and true specification of cargo, and for goods found on board in excess of the manifest, or differing in any respect from the specification in the manifest -

----masters of inward-bound vessels remaining outside of the places fixed, shall deliver manifests to the proper person first coming on board; penalty for the master refusing to deliver a manifest

----no vessel to break bulk until

the collector of customs has received ship’s papers ----

----goods moved from or put on

board of any vessel without due entry previously made in the custom-house, or permission given for discharge of <5argo, to be seized as contraband; goods attempted to be landed or put on board in contravention of this Act, how to be dealt with -............................

----penalty on masters if cargo do

not correspond with their manifest, or if goods sent out of the vessel be not landed at the prescribed places; provision for the amendment of obvious errors in manifest of cargo - - - - -

11

XXVI.

XXVII.

XXVIII.

XXIX.

XXX.

18.

* 3

(continued)

46

INDEX TO ACTS OF THE SUPREME

Customs duties; one or more places in every port to be appointed for the landing and shipment of goods ; goods landing at or shipping from any other place without special permission to be confiscated

----the Governor in Council may

license boats for landing or shipping merchandize after notification; goods found on any other boats except under special permit to be liable to confiscation -

----after notification the collector

may station customs officers on board of

any vessel..............................

---- penalty for the master of a

vessel refusing to receive and accommodate such officer ----

----collectors of customs may issue

warrant to search any vessel; powers of an officer bearing such warrant; penalty for any master of a vessel resisting officer with warrant for search -

— — ----penalty for a master removing

or putting on board goods between sunset and sunrise, or when the customhouse is closed, without leave from collector ----

— ----export cargo boats without per-

mits not allowed to lie alongside vessels on which customs officers are stationed ; goods on such boats not covered by a pass to be liable to confiscation

---- in the removal of goods from

on board any vessel, a boat-note to be sent with each separate despatch; goods liable to confiscation if found without a boat-note, or out of the track between the vessel and the proper place of landing -

----gooas Drought to be passed

through custom-house for importation or exportation, if not corresponding with the description in the application liable to confiscation ----

----goods liable to confiscation if

removed with fraudulent intention after landing, and before passing through the custom-house --- - collector of customs may re-

quire goods in bulk to be weighed or measured before landing, and levy duty

accordingly.............................

— — ----rescinding clause 2, section

11, Regulation I. of 1805 of the Madras Code ----

----fixing the price to be paid for

salt within the Madras Presidency ---- - the Governor-general in Council may grant a remission of this price ----salt having paid the home consumption price may be landed free at any other Madras port under certificate ----limited period allowed for discharge of import cargo of vessel on which customs officer may be stationed -

period limited for discharging cargo from any vessel without a customs officer on board; goods remaining on board after the period allowed to be landed and warehoused by order of customs collector, who, with consent of master of vessel, may cause packages to be deposited in the Government warehouses, and may sell goods if not cleared within the period specified -

— — — period limited for putting export cargo on board -

ACT. SECTION. CLAUSE. TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

VI. XXXI.

79 XXXII.

79 XXXIII.

79 XXXIV.

77 XXXV.

97 XXXVI.

79 XXXVII.

99 XXXVIII.

97 XXXIX.

99 XL.

99 XLI.

97 XLII.

99 XLIII.

99 XLIV.

99 XLV.

97 XLVI.

99 XLVII.

97 XLVIII.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR 1844.

47

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

Customs duties ; penalty for putting goods on board a vessel after customs officer’s removal therefrom, and before one has again been placed thereon -

— — ----a port clearance to be granted

to the master of every vessel on certificate of all public demands against him having been satisfied...........................

• ----rules for levying duty on goods

passed through custom-house for shipment after grant of port clearance -

----cargo of vessels putting back

from stress of weather or damage, and compelled to reland cargo, to be taken charge of by customs officers, and lodged in such place as the collector may direct; such cargo may be landed as imported goods, the export duty being refunded; penalty for a master putting back into port without goods on which drawback

nas been allowed.........................

---- ' — — on goods relanded before the

lading is complete to be refunded, but not after grant of port clearance unless the vessel nas put back -

----penalty on coasting and country

craft for contravening such rules as Governor in Council may lay down for their regulation -

----specification of native craft to

be treated like coasting craft of the British territories .....

----no drawback allowed on goods

shipped on such native craft - -

----goods re-exported in the same

vessel not subject to duty, which to be levied on transhipped goods as if they had been landed and re-exported -

* ----goods liable to confiscation if

transhipped without special license from collector ----

----customs officers to superintend

transhipment.............................

— the collector competent to ad-

judge confiscations -

----the collector may exact payment of fine by refusing grant of port clearance ......

— empowering collectors of customs to decide upon cases of seizure and to adjudge damages, to mitigate penalty of confiscation to the extent of duty, and to distribute part proceeds of sale of confiscated goods in rewards among seizing

officers................................

----all-officers of customs amenable to the civil courts for damages on account of any executive acts; no suits shall lie against collectors or other officers for judicial award in matter of customs ----penalty for obstructing customs officers in the exercise of their

powers..................................

---- penalty for customs officer

receiving consideration for doing or forbearing to do any official act ...

— penalty for a customs officer concerned in defrauding the Customs

Revenue ................................

---- penalty for exacting customs

or duties without authority as a customs officer............................

— ----Governor in Council may trans-

fer the powers of collector of customs to any other officer, and may make rules and appoint officers to carry this Act into effect, and fix rates for wharfage and rent

VI.

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

XLIX.

L.

LI.

LI I. LIII.

LIV.

LV.

LVI.

LVII.

LVIII.

LIX.

LX.

LXI.

LXII.

LXI II. LXIV. LXV. LX VI. LXV II.

LXVIII.

r 4

TERRITORIAL SCOPB OF THB ACTS.

18.

(continued)

INDEX TO ACTvS OF THE SUPREME

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

Customs duties; Schedules (A.) to (C.) Customs duty on cotton or silk manufactures, and silk and cotton mixed with any other material. [See Duty] -

General.

D.

Dacoits, Regulation IX. of 1808 of the Bengal Code relating to sirdars of gangs of,

repealed..............................

Duties, town, within Bombay Presidency abolished. [See Town Duties.]

Duty, rates of, levied under Article 17, Schedule (A.) in Act XIV. of 1836, Article 18, ot Schedule (A.) in Act I. of 1838, and Article 19, of Schedule (A.) in Act VI. of 1844, how to be hereafter charged on the import of all foreign manufactures of silk or cotton, and of silk and cotton mixed with any other material -Duty (Customs), transit or inland, abolished within the Madras Presidency. [See Customs Duties.]

— ---- on imports and exports by sea

within the Madras Presidency. [See Customs Duties.]

— < — on salt manufactured within or

imported by sea into the Bombay Presidency. [See Salt.]

IV.

XV.

Presidency of Fort William.

General.

E.

Emigration of Natives; Act XIV. of 1839," repealed, except as it relates to ports other than Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, and to emigrants proceeding to other places than Jamaica, British Guiana, Trinidad and Mauritius ...

Emigration, emigrants may be conveyed to Jamaica, British Guiana and Trinidad from the ports of Calcutta, Madras and

Bombay.............................

Governments of the several Pre-

sidencies may authorize persons nominated by the Governments of Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad to act as emigration agents, who shall make monthly reports to the Governments to which they are subordinate -

Governments of the several Pre-

sidencies may nominate persons to act as protector of emigrants -

emigrants shall not be conveyed

without a license from Government; what fee to be levied per emigrant; masters of ships carrying emigrants how to be bound over; penalty for conveying emigrants

without a licence....................

no licensed vessel shall receive

on board emigrants without a pass from the emigration agent - — — — a certificate from the agent containing certain particulars necessary before the clearing out of ships carrying emigrants -

probable lengths of voyages of

ships from Calcutta, Madras and Bombay to Jamaica, British Guiana and Trinidad masters of ships to deliver to

the agent before clearing out, a list of the kind indicated, and to obtain a duplicate

thereof...................................

penalty for masters clearing

their ships having emigrants on board without complying with the particulars before mentioned -

xxr.

i.

ii.

hi.

IV.

v.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

x.

- General.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR 1845.

49

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

Emigration, penalty for masters of ships taking on board after clearance, emigrants whose names are not entered in the fists aforesaid -

---- penalty for masters of ships

cleared for Jamaica, British Guiana or Trinidad, committing acts by which the certificate obtained by them becomes inapplicable to the altered state of the ship or passengers, or other matters powers vested by law in customs

officers to be exercised by them for the prevention of illegal embarkation of emigrants, and other offences; pilots vested with the same powers as preventive officers of customs in this behalf - — - attempts by unfair means to export natives, how punishable — - duties required of the preven-

tive officer of customs and pilot on board vessels cleared from Calcutta for Jamaica, British Guiana and Trinidad, in order to prevent embarkation of additional emigrants; penalty for customs officers and pilots making improper reports, or conniving at the unauthorized conveyance of emigrants -

----forgery of documents required by

this Act, how punishable -

penalties, how to be enforced

from masters of ships ....

XXI.

97

99

n

79

79

XJ.

XII.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

XVII.

General.

Articles of Schedule in Act XXI. of 1844.

---- 1. Emigration agents, by whom

to be appointed.

----2. Agents how to be remunerated.

----3. Agents to see that no labourers are induced to emigrate by fraud, false or unreasonable expectation, and, that they are aware of the distance of their destination.

— ----4. Number of passengers how

to be proportioned to the tonnage of vessels; particular accommodations requisite in such vessels.

----5. Number of passengers how

to be computed as regards children.

.........0. Ships how to be supplied

with provisions and water for the consumption of the passengers.

— ----7. Provisions and water to be

surveyed by a competent person both as to quality and quantity, as also the quality of the vessel.

— — — — 8. Masters to supply provisions to emigrants and their families during the voyage, and for a space of 48 hours after the vessel's arrival at her destination.

----9. Masters of ships to be supplied with two copies of these Regulations, one of which to be produced to any passenger requesting it for perusal.

— ----10. The master to deliver to

the agent a list in duplicate, with certain particulars respecting the emigrants, the counterpart of which to be made over to the master, who shall deliver it to the protector of emigrants on arrival at the vessel’s destination.

----11. These Regulations not to

apply to ships in the service of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or Her Majesty’s ships of war.

Equity, evidence in cases of. [See Evideace.]

lS. G

(continued)

66

INDEX TO ACTS OF THE SUPREME

Evidence, incapacity of witnesses from crime or interest no bar to give, in any civil or criminal actions in Her Majesty’s courts ; this Act not to repeal any provisions in Act XXV. of 1838; defendants or codefendants in any cause in equity may be examined as a witness on the behalf of the plaintiff* ----

this Act not to affect any suit,

action or proceeding commenced before its passing ----

Excise duty on salt manufactured within the Bombay Presidency. [See Salt.] Execution of persons convicted of murder in Her Majesty’s courts, law respecting the period of, amended. [See Acts] ----sentence of death may be pronounced after conviction for murder by any of the judges of Her Majesty’s courts in the same manner as after convictions for other capital offences -Exports by sea from the Presidency of Fort St. George. [See Customs Duties.]

ACT.

SECTION.

VII.

X.

I.

II.

I.

II.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPS OF THE ACTS.

Her Majesty’s Courts.

Her Majesty’s Courts.

F.

Followers of the East India Company’s forces imprisoned under sentence of a court martial; the Governor or Governor in Council of any Presidency may order the removal of, from one prison to another within the Presidency under his government, to undergo the remainder of his sentence. [See Native Officers and Soldiers] ...................................

VIII.

General.

G.

Gang robbery, Regulation IX. of 1808 of the Bengal Code relating to, repealed

IV.

I.

Import duty on Foreign manufactures of silk and cotton, or of cotton and silk mixed with any other materials, modified. [£ee Duty] - - - - - - - XV.

Import of goods by sea into the Madras Presidency. [See Customs Duties.]

Import duty on salt within the Bombay Presidency. [See Salt.]

Imprisonment for life, offenders sentenced to, to be also sentenced to transportation beyond sea for life. [See Sudder Courts.]

Indian Navy, better observance of discipline in the. [See Navy.]

Inland customs duties under the Madras Presidency abolished. [See Regulations] - VI.

J.

Jails, Regulations of the Bengal Code or Acts of the Government of India, vesting judges of circuit, commissioners of circuit, superintendents of police and the Sudder Nizamut Adawlut, with control over, prisoners and establishments thereof, and the places of banishment or transportation of prisoners, repealed - — the whole of the said control vested in magistrates and joint magistrates acting under instructions of the zillah and city judges, and subject to orders of their respective local Governments -

XVIII.

I.

I.

II.

- Presidency of Fort William.

- General.

- Madras.

Presidency of Fort William*

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR 1844.

5i

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

Jails; removal of native officers, soldiers and followers sentenced to imprisonment from one prison to another. [See Native Officers.]

Jamaica, emigration of natives of the East Indies to. [£ee Emigration.]

Judges of circuit, Acts and Regulations vesting, with control over jails within the Presidency of Fort William, the prisoners therein, &c., repealed. [See Jails.]

K.

Kusub Veeras. [See Town Duties]

L.

Larceny (petty), in cases of, corporal punishment substituted for imprisonment -

----offenders of tender age corporally

punishable for thefts in the way of school

discipline -....................

-- females exempted from corporal

punishment; no other punishment to be superadded to corporal punishment Law of evidence in Her Majesty's courts improved. [See Evidence.]

Lotteries not authorized by Government declared illegal ----

— — persons how punishable for drawing

such ----

----persons how punishable for encouraging or publishing proposals for or being implicated in such -

---- fines incurred under this Act how

disposable............................

III.

y.

n

97

v

I.

II.

III.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

M.

Madras, abolition of transit and inland customs, and revision of import and export customs duties at. [See Customs.] Marines in the Indian Navy. [See Navy.] Mohturfas. [See Town Duties.]

Mookauts upon trades and professions within the Bombay Presidency, abolished. [See Town Duties] -Murder, execution of persons convicted of, in Her Majesty’s courts in India. [See Execution.]

N.

Bombay.

Presidency of Fort William.

General.

Bombay.

Nabob of the Carnatic, family, household and retinue of the, protected from liability to civil and criminal process ; lists of the

Eersons belonging to the family, house-old and retinue of the Nabob or Nabob Regent to be published from time to time

— — ----writ or process sued

forth against the person or property of the, or of the Nabob Regent, or of any person named in the list last published, shall be null and void, unless the writ be sued forth with the consent of the Governor in Council ----

-- 1 1 — — lists to be furnished

from time to time to the Governor-general in Council, and the Governor in Council shall follow directions he may receive from the former respecting the persons included in 6uch lists and matters subject to this Act ----

I.

a

n

l8.


I.

II.

III.

Madras.

(continued)

5*

INDEX TO ACTS OF THE SUPREME

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OP THE ACTS.

Nabob of the Carnatic, this Act not to interfere with any privilege conferred on the, the Nabob Regent, their respective families, &c. &c. by the treaty with the Nabob

I.

IV.

Native officers or soldiers or followers belonging to the East India Company’s forees imprisoned under sentence of a court martial, Governor or Governor in Council of any Presidency may order the removal of any, from one prison to another within the Presidency of his government, to undergo the remainder of his sentence

Navy, Indian, discipline of, improved -

— ---- — Divine service according to the

, Liturgy of the Church of England to be performed in all ships of war of the Company, and the Lord’s Day to be observed

— ----persons belonging to the, guilty

of profane oaths, cursing, execrations, uncleanliness or other scandalous actions, how punishable -•----persons giving or holding intel-

ligence to, or with any enemy or rebel without leave from proper authorities, how punishable - - - - -

----persons not acquainting their

superior officers within 12 nours with any letter or message received by them from any enemy or rebel, and the superior officers not revealing the same to the officer commanding in chief, within convenient time, how punishable ---- spies found within the Company’s territories with any seducing letters ' or messages from any enemy or rebel, or endeavouring to corrupt any person belonging to, how punishable ...

----penalty for persons belonging

to, relieving an enemy or rebel with money, victuals, powder, shots, ammunition or any other supplies - penalty for persons not deliver-

ing entirely ana without fraud to the Court of Admiralty, or other court of commissioners, papers, charter-parties, bills of lading, passports and other writings seized in any snip taken as prize

VIII.

XII.

99

99

99

99

99

99

I.

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

i

- General.

- Bombay.

1.

2.

3.

4.

6.

6.

' penalty for persons taking out of any ship seized for prize any money,

Elate or goods, except for certain objects, eforc the same be adjudged lawful prize

roDDing taken as prize

— penalty for superior officers be-

longing to, not making preparations or encouraging the inferior officers to fight upon signal or order or upon likelihood of engagement; and for persons yielding or crying for quarter ----

----persons not obeying the orders

of their superior officers, or using endeavours for assailing or making defence against any fleet or ship, how punishable

----persons who through cowardice,

negligence or disaffection shall not perform their duty in time of action in taking or assisting ships, how punishable -

— ----penalty for persons not pur-

suiig the chase of any enemy, pirate or rebel, or relieving a known friend in view through cowardice, negligence or disaffection ......

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

8.

99

9.

10.

11.

99

12.

13.

i

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR 1844.

53

Navy, Indian; penalty for persons delaying or discouraging others in action upon pretence of arrears of wages or any other pretence

---- penalty for persons deserting

to any enemy, pirate or rebel, or running away with or yielding up ships, or any ordnance, ammunition, stores or provisions belonging thereto -

— ---- persons deserting or enticing

others to desert, how punishable; penalty for commanding officers of Company’s ships of war receiving deserters from any other ship of Her Majesty or the Company, ana not giving notice thereof to the captain of the ship to which such deserter belongs, or to the Government or the officer commanding in chief

— — — penalty for officers and seamen of ships appointed for convoy and guard of merchant ships, not defending the ships and goods in their convoy, or exacting any money for convoying of any ships, or misusing masters or mariners thereof ----

penalty for captains or other

officers receiving on board any goods or merchandize than for the use of their ships, except gold, silver or jewels, or goods from wrecks ....

----penalty for persons making any

mutinous assembly or uttering any words of sedition or mutiny; also for persons behaving with contempt to their superior officers ......

• penalty for persons concealing

any transactions or mutinous practice or design, and any traitorous or mutinous words spoken by any, or any design tending to Her Majesty’s prejudice; also for persons not endeavouring to suppress any mutiny or sedition -

penalty for persons stirring up

a disturbance upon a pretence of unwholesome victuals -

penalty for persons striking or

lifting up weapons against their superior officers in the execution of their office, or quarrelling with or disobeying any command of their superior officers

penalty for persons quarrelling

or fighting with others, or using provoking language or gestures ---- penalty for embezzlement

or

wasteful expense of powder, ammunition or other stores -

penalty for persons setting fire

to any magazine or store of powder, or ship, boat, ketch, hoy or vessel, &c. &c., not appertaining to any enemy, pirate or rebel ----

----penalty for vessels stranded or

run upon rocks or sands, or split or hazarded through wilful negligence or other defaults -

penalty for persons sleeping

upon their watch, or negligently performing their duty or forsaking their station -

• murders committed by persons

belonging to, punishable with death

penalty for persons committing

unnatural crimes with man or beast

bery

18.

penalty for committing rob-

XII.

8BCTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

14.

15.

10.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

23.

24.

25.

20.

27.

28.

29.

30.

(continued)

54

INDEX TO ACTS OF THE SUPREME

Navy, Indian; penalty for persons making or signing a false muster or muster-book, or commanding, counselling, procuring or aiding or abetting the making or signing thereof - - - - - -

----penalty for persons refusing to

apprehend any criminal, or to receive or keep any prisoner, or suffering him to escape; captains, officers and others shall endeavour to detect, apprehend and bring to punishment all offenders upon pain of being punished by a court martial -

penalty for a superior officer,

captain or commander, or lieutenant, convicted of behaving in certain respects in a manner unbecoming the character of an officer ----

in actual service and

persons

full pay guilty of mutiny, desertion or disobedience to lawful commands in any

Eart of the Company’s territories on shore, ow punishable -

persons in actual service and

full pay committing upon shore out of the Company’s territories any of the crimes punishable by these articles, how to be tried and punished ...

period of imprisonment of per-

sons convicted of any offence limited to two years ----

local jurisdiction of courts mar-

tial constituted under this Act for punishing or trying offences, defined

ACT.

XII.

----courts martial not to punish or

try any land officer or soldier on board any transport ship - - - -

----Governor-general and Governors in Council may grant commissions to officers commanding in chief to call and assemble courts martial, and the same how to be constituted -

— ----no commander in chief of any

fleet or squadron consisting of more than five ships shall preside at any court martial, but the officer next in command shall

---- the senior officer of three or

more ships in any foreign parts, not under rank of a commander, may hold and preside over courts martial -

----in case of its being objectionable for the person next in command to the senior officer or commander in chief of any fleet or foreign parts, to hold or preside over -courts martial, the third officer in command may supply his place

— ---- courts martial to compose of

what number of officers ...

----form of oath to be taken by

members of the courts martial, and the same by whom to be administered -

----penalty for persons refusing to

give evidence, or prevaricate therein or behave with contempt to a court martial; persons committing perjury or subornation of perjury to be prosecuted in Her Majesty’s courts by indictment or information -

---- informations or indictments

how to be prosecuted for any such offence

----sentence of death by any court

martial not to be executed until receipt of directions from the Governor-general in Council upon report of the court’s proceedings ----

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

I.

31.

99

32.

33

99

34.

II.

ILL

IV.

V.

General.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

xnr.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR 1814.

55

Navy,Indian; Judge Advocate or deputy may administer %oaths to witnesses; in their absence the court may appoint any person to act ----

............Act to remain in force with

respect to crews of ships wrecked or lost, and the officers to retain their authority till discharged or removed to some other ships, or a court of inquiry shall have been held; pay and wages of the officers to be disbursed to them if the result of the inquiry be satisfactory; persons acting contrary to the discipline of the Indian navy after the loss of the ship, how punishable ----

----payment of allowances of officers and seamen of ships taken by the enemy, how to be regulated ----no person not flying from justice to be tried or punished by a court martial without order of the Governor-general in Council or Governor in Council, or any officer who may order a court martial, and that within specified time after the commission of the offence for which he is to be tried -

---- Act not to interfere w ith the

Queen’s Admiralty power, jurisdiction or authority within her dominion -

---- absence of members of courts

martial not to delay its proceedings if sufficient number remain to compose a court; penalty for members absenting from such courts -

O.

Offenders corporally punishable for thefts. [See Larceny.]

---- of tender age, ditto, ditto. [See

Larceny.]

Officers in the Indian Navy. [See Navy.]

ACT. SECTION. CLAUSE. TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS*

XII. XIV.

91 XV.

11 XVI.

11 XVII. General.

11 XVIII.

11 xix:

P.

Petty larceny. [See Larceny.]

Principal Sudder Araeen or Sudder Ameen, suits cognizable by, to be instituted in their respective courts - — - zillah or city judge may withdraw

such suits and try himself, or refer for trial to any other court under him

•----jurisdiction of, may be defined by

the zillah or city judge -

---- zillah or city judge may receive

summary appeals from orders of, rejecting original suits cognizable by them

the same stamps to be used in any

other court as would have been sufficient in a sudder ameen’s court in suits cognizable by him. [See Sudder Ameens.] -Prisoners sentenced by the sudder courts to imprisonment for life shall at the'Same time be sentenced to transportation beyond sea for life. [See Sudder Courts.]

Prisons, removal of native officers, soldiers and followers imprisoned under sentence of a court martial from one prison to another. [See Native Officers.]

Process, civil and criminal, against the person or property of the Nabob of the Carnatic, the Nabob Regent, their respective families, dependents and retinue, the issue of restricted. [See Nabob.]

Pyce. [<See Copper Coin.]

Pyce, Trisoolee. [See Trisoolee.]

IX.

11

11

11

n

XIV.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

18.


General.

General.

(eontinutil)

56

INDEX TO ACTS OF THE SUPREME

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

R.

Regulation II. of 1834, of the Bengal Code, Clause 1, Section 2, of, modified -

----IX. of 1808 of the Bengal Code,

repealed -............................

— X. of 1803, I., III. and VI. of 1812; III. of 1821, and all Regulations of the Madras Code imposing inland or transit duties, repealed ---- IX. of 1803, excepting Sections 65 to 70; XI. of 1803; XIV. of 1808 ; XV. of 1808, excepting Section 5; II. of 1812, excepting Sections 15 and 17; IV. of 1812, and such parts of Regulation I. of 1813 of the Madras Code, as relate to duty and drawback on spirituous liquors imported or exported by sea; also Regulation II. of 1810, II. of 1818, III. of 1818, IV. of 1819, and VII. of 1819, and all Regulations of the Madras Code for fixing duty on imports or exports by sea, or drawback payable on the same, repealed -

II.

IV.

VI.

99

I.

II.

- Presidency of

Fort William.

- ditto.

" Madras.

Regulation I. of 1805 of the Madras Code; Clause 2, Section XI. of, repealed

Regulations of the Bengal Code, as vest the judges of circuit, commissioners of circuit, superintendents of’police and the Sudder Nizamut Adawlut, with control over jails, prisoners and establishments and places of banishment or transportation of prisoners, repealed. [/See Jails and Acts] ----

XVIII.

XLII.

S.

Salt, fixing the price to be paid for, manufactured and sold within the Madras Presidency ----

---- the Governor-general in Council may

grant a remission of the price of -

----having paid the home consumption price

may be landed free at any other Madras port under certificate -

— — manufactured within or imported into the Bombay Presidency, Section 1 of Act XXVII. of 1837 relating to, repealed from 1st September 1844

----a duty of one Company’s rupee to be

paid on every maund of salt delivered from any salt-work within the Bombay Presidency ----

----Section 43, Act I. of 1838, repealed

---- covered by certificate of payment of

excise duty on export thereof, may be landed at any port of the Bombay Presidency, and allowed to pass free into the interior - - - -

----repealing so much of Schedule (A.) in

Act I. of 1838, as provides for the levy of a duty of eight annas per maund of salt imported by sea, and so much of Schedule (B.) in the said Act which permits such salt to be exported free -

----imported by sea and not covered by a

pass, to pay a duty of one rupee per maund, and salt having paid the excise duty at the same rate may be exported free..............................

VI.

99

99

XVI.

99

99

99

99

99

XLIII.

XLIV.

XLV.

I.

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

Madras.

- Bombay.

GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, FOR 1844.

57

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OP THE ACTS.

Seamen in the Company's Navy. [See Navy.]

Silk manufactures, and silk and cotton mixed with other material of foreign produce, import duty on, modified. [See Duty.]

Sirdars of Gangs of Dacoits; Regulation IX. of 1808 of the Bengal Code relating to, repealed ---- IV.

Soldiers belonging to the East India Company's forces imprisoned under sentence of a court martial; Governor or Governor in Council of any Presidency may order the removal of any, from one prison to another within the Presidency of his

f overnment, to undergo the remainder of is sentence. [See Native Officers and Followers] - - - - - VIII.

Presidency of Fort William.

- General.

Statute 6 & 6 Vict. c. 89, with alterations extended to the East India Company's territories. [See Advances and Agents.]

Sudder Ameens; suits cognizable by, to be instituted in their own courts -

IX.

I.

- General.

----zillah or city judge may

withdraw such suits and try himself, or refer for trial to any other court under him.....................................

--------jurisdiction of, may be defined by zillan or city judge -

----zillah or city judge may receive summary appeals from orders of, rejecting any original suits cognizable by them ----

n

II.

Ill*

IV.

" the same stamp to be used in

any other court as would have been sufficient in a sudder ameen’s court in suits cognizable by. [See Principal Sudder Ameens] ---- ,

Sudder Courts sentencing any offender to imprisonment for life snail at the same time sentence him to transportation beyond sea for life, unless the prisoner is not a proper subject of transportation - - XIV.

V.

I.

General

- — a single judge may sentence

offenders to transportation for life who may have been sentenced or recommended by the commissioners of circuit or session judge to imprisonment for life

II.

Sudder Nizamut Adawlut relieved of their control and superintendence over jails, prisoners, &c. [See Jails.]

Suits cognizable by Principal Sudder Ameen or Sudder Ameen. Principal Sudder and Sudder Ameen.]

Superintendents of Police relieved of their control over jails and prisoners. [See Jails.]

Supreme Court at Calcutta; any one of the judges of the, may sit apart from the other judges for the despatch of criminal business at the same time when the other judges shall be sitting for the despatch of business ----

XI.

- • - — — may transact out of

term all business which the court may have power to transact in term

18. h

i.

ii.

. Calcutta.

{continued)

58

INDEX TO ACTS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA, 1844.

ACT.

SECTION.

CLAUSE.

TERRITORIAL SCOPE OF THE ACTS.

T.

Taxes upon Trades and Professions. [See Town Duties]..................................

Tender aged offenders, how punishable for thefts. [See Larceny.]

Term, Supreme Court at Calcutta may transact all business out of, which it may have power to transact in term. [See Supreme Court.]

Thefts, how punishable. [See Larceny.]

Town Duties; kusub veeras, mohturfas, bal-lootee taxes, and cesses of every kind on trades and professions within the Bombay Presidency, abolished -

XIX.

Transit Duties under the Madras Presidency, abolished ----

VI.

I.

Bombay.

Bombay.

Madras.

Transportation beyond sea for life ; prisoners

sentenced by Sudder Courts to imprisonment for life, shall at the same time be sentenced to. [See Sudder Courts.] - XIV.

Trinidad; emigration of natives of East Indies to. [See Emigration.]

Trisoolee Pvce shall cease to be a legal tender within the Province of Benares from 1st August 1844 ---- XIII.

----shall be received until the above

date on account of Government, and exchanged by tale at treasuries within the said province ---- ,

II.

General.

• North Western Provinces.

---- Lieutenant-governor to notify

the treasuries within the said province where such shall be received and exchanged, and to make rules for the prevention of fraud -

----for every 64, one Company’s

rupee may be given in exchange -

v

III.

IV.

W.

Witnesses, incapacity of, to give evidence in cases before Her Majesty’s courts, removed in certain cases. [See Evidence.]

Writs against the Nabob of Carnatic, the Nabob Regent, their respective families, dependents and retinue, the issue of, restricted. [See Nabob.]

EAST INDIA.

COPY of the ACTS passed by the Honourable the President of the Council of India, and by the Right Honourable the Governor-General in Council, for 1844; with Index.

( Presented pursuant to Act of Parliament.)

(J

.Q

"O

CD

N

05

Q

Ordered, by The Houie of Common*, to be Printed, 3 February 1846.

[Price .]

18.

Under 12 oz,

