THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

THIRTY-SIXTH & THIRTY-SEVENTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1873:

WITH

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION,

AND A COPIOUS INDEX.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY GEORGE EDWARD EYRE AND WILLIAM SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And Published in Numbers, Price 2d. each,

AT THE QUEEN'S PRINTING OFFICE, EAST HARDING STREET,

NEAR FLEET STREET.

1873.

CONTENTS.

A Table containing the Titles of all the Statutes Passed During The Session: —

Public General Acts - v

Local Acts - xiv

Private Acts - xxxiv

Tables showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation: —

A. — Acts of 36 & 37 Vict. (in order of chapter) showing their effect on former Acts - xxxvii

B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 36 & 37 Vict. - xlv

The Public General Statutes, 36 & 37 Vict. - 1

A List of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 645

Index to the Public General Statutes -657

A

TABLE

CONTAINING

The Titles of all the Statutes passed in the Fifth Session of the Twentieth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

36 & 37 VICTORIA — A.D. 1873.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for legalizing certain Marriages solemnized in Cove Chapel in Pitt Portion in the parish of Tiverton, Devon. 1

2. An Act to make special provisions in relation to the Constitution of certain Polling Districts at Parliamentary Elections in Ireland. 2

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four. 8

4. An Act to confirm an Agreement for a Lease by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to the Governors and Proprietors of King's College, London, of a piece of land on the Victoria Embankment annexed to Somerset House, and to give the said Commissioners further powers of leasing the said piece of land. 9

5. An Act to extend the time for the Epping Forest Commissioners to make their final report. 12

6. An Act to enable Her Majesty by Order in Council to annex the Turks and Caicos Islands to the Colony of Jamaica. 13

7. An Act to enlarge the time within which an Address by either House of Parliament against certain Schemes made under the Endowed Schools Act, 1869, may be presented to Her Majesty. 14

8. An Act to make provision for the Assessment of Income Tax, and as to Assessors in the Metropolis. 15

9. An Act to amend the Bastardy Laws. 16

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters. 19

11. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 83

12. An Act to amend the Law as to the Custody of Infants. 142

13. An Act to discontinue the Office of Special Commissioners of Salmon Fisheries in England. 142

14. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Harbour of Portpatrick in Scotland, and to vest the Lighthouse of Portpatrick in the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses. 143

15. An Act to amend the New Zealand Roads, &c. Loan Act, 1870. 145

16. An Act to amend the Law relating to Marriages in Ireland in certain cases. 146

17. An Act to provide for the Redemption or Commutation of the Dividend on the Capital Stock of the East India Company, and for the transfer of the Security Fund of the India Company to the Secretary of State in Council of India, and for the Dissolution of the East India Company. 148

18. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to alter other Duties. 159

19. An Act for making better provision for the management in certain cases of Lands allotted under Local Acts of Inclosure for the benefit of the Poor. 164

20. An Act for legalizing Marriages solemnized in Fulford Chapel, in the Parish of Stone, Staffordshire. 168

21. An Act to abolish Tests in Trinity College and the University of Dublin. 169

22. An Act to amend the law with respect to Customs Duties in the Australian Colonies. 170

23. An Act to amend the law relating to the grant of Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities to certain persons who entered the permanent Civil Service of the State between the passing of the Superannuation Act, 1859, and the fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy. 171

24. An Act to continue the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, and The Protection of Life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 1871. 172

25. An Act for legalizing Marriages solemnized in Gretton Chapel, in the Parish of Winchcomb, Gloucestershire. 173

26. An Act to apply the sum of Twelve million Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four. 174

27. An Act to amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland. 175

28. An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called "Saint John the Evangelist" Chapel, Eton, in the Parish of Eton, in the County of Buckingham. 189

29. An Act to alter the Duties of Customs upon Sugar in the Isle of Man. 190

30. An Act to amend the Law of Registration in Ireland so far as relates to the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and for other purposes relating thereto. 191

31. An Act to extend to Suits for Nullity of Marriage the Law with respect to the Intervention of Her Majesty's Proctor and others in Suits in England for dissolving Marriages. 194

32. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. 195

33. An Act to facilitate the Proof of Byelaws and Proceedings of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales. 199

34. An Act to amend an Act passed in a session held in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter one hundred and sixteen, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland. 201

35. An Act to amend the Law relating to Securities for Loans contracted by County Authorities. 202

36. An Act for making provision as to certain portions of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and for other purposes relating thereto. 208

37. An Act to amend the Law relating to Fairs in England and Wales. 211

38. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of His Majesty George the Fourth, chapter eighty-three, intituled "An Act for the punishment of idle and disorderly persons and rogues and vagabonds in that part of Great Britain called England," and to repeal "The Vagrant Act Amendment Act, 1868." 212

39. An Act to amend the Act of the third and fourth years of Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirteen, for the Regulation of Cathedrals, and to facilitate the Endowment of Canonries by private benefaction. 213

40. An Act to authorise the acquisition and appropriation by the Metropolitan Board of Works of certain land reclaimed from the River Thames in pursuance of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862. 216

41. An Act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868, as to the Property of Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools. 220

42. An Act for amending the Tithe Commutation Acts with respect to Market Gardens. 222

43. An Act to enable Indian Railway Companies to issue and register Shares and Securities in India. 223

44. An Act to facilitate the payment of certain annuities for life or years payable by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. 225

45. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to guarantee the payment of a loan to be raised by the Government of Canada for the construction of public works in that country, and to repeal the Canada Defences Loan Act, 1870. 227

46. An Act to afford facilities for the Transfer to the Grand Juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford of the bridge across the River Blackwater, near the town of Youghal; and for other purposes relating thereto. 230

47. An Act to amend an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the public debt due by the Commissioners of the bridge across the River Blackwater, near the town of Youghal, in the county of Cork, and for the transfer of the said bridge to the Grand Juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford; and for other purposes relating thereto." 236

48. An Act to make better provision for carrying into effect the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, and for other purposes connected therewith. 238

49. An Act to authorise Advances to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for enabling them to make Loans to School Boards in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and to Sanitary Authorities in pursuance of the Public Health Act, 1872. 251

50. An Act to afford further facilities for the Conveyance of Land for Sites for Places of Religious Worship and for Burial Places. 253

51. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Superannuation of Prison Officers in Ireland. 257

52. An Act for the Relief of Widows and Children of Intestates where the personal estate is of small value. 259

53. An Act to make better provision respecting certain sums payable to Schoolmasters of Highland Schools under the Act of the session of the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-seven, intituled "An Act to facilitate the foundation and endowment of additional Schools in Scotland." 260

54. An Act to raise the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds sterling by Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four. 263

55. An Act to amend the Medical Acts so far as relates to the University of London. 265

56. An Act to reduce the Limit of the available Balance of the Treasury Chest Fund. 266

57. An Act to make provision for the Redemption of divers permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund and on the Votes of Parliament. 267

58. An Act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn. 270

59. An Act for regulating and extending the Jurisdiction in matters connected with the Slave Trade of the Vice-Admiralty Court at Aden, and of Her Majesty's Consuls under Treaties with the Sovereigns of Zanzibar, Muscat, and Madagascar, and under future Treaties. 284

60. An Act to amend the Extradition Act, 1870. 288

61. An Act to explain and amend the Crown Private Estates Act, 1862. 291

62. An Act to amend section twenty-four of the Public Schools Act, 1868, with respect to the property of Eton College. 293

63. An Act to amend the Law relating to Law Agents practising in Scotland. 295

64. An Act for amending the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts, 1840 and 1850, and for other purposes. 301

65. An Act to regulate the Summoning of Grand Juries in the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland. 305

66. An Act for the constitution of a Supreme Court, and for other purposes relating to the better Administration of Justice in England; and to authorise the transfer to the Appellate Division of such Supreme Court of the Jurisdiction of the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council. 306

67. An Act to regulate the Employment of Children in Agriculture. 360

68. An Act for extending the Period of Service in the Militia; and for other purposes. 365

69. An Act to provide for proceeding on Petitions of Right in the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland. 367

70. An Act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of Revising Barristers and the holding of Revision Courts. 369

71. An Act to amend the Law relating to Salmon Fisheries in England and Wales. 371

72. An Act for the Amendment of the Defence Acts, 1842 and 1860. 402

73. An Act to amend so much of section four of the Public Health Act, 1872, as relates to the Cambridge Commissioners. 403

74. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Irish Constabulary. 404

75. An Act to continue various expiring Laws. 406

76. An Act to make further Provision for the Regulation of Railways. 410

77. An Act to provide for the establishment of a Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. 414

78. An Act to amend the Sanitary Act, 1866, so far as the same relates to the Nuisance Authorities of Ports in Ireland. 431

79. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 433

80. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and Her Imperial Highness the Grand Duchess Marie Alexandrovna of Russia, and to settle an annuity on Her Imperial Highness. 448

81. An Act to authorise the division of the Wapentake of Langbaurgh in the county of York into Districts for the purpose of Coroners jurisdiction, and the appointment of additional Coroners for the said Wapentake. 450

82. An Act to amend the Law relating to Small Penalties in Ireland. 451

83. An Act for explaining the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1871, and for enabling a further Sum to be raised for the purposes of the said Acts and of the Pensions Commutation Act, 1872. 452

84. An Act to explain the Militia Pay Acts, 1868 and 1869, and to facilitate the sale of property held for Militia purposes. 455

85. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts. 456

86. An Act to amend the Elementary Education Act (1870), and for other purposes connected therewith. 468

87. An Act to continue and amend the Endowed Schools Act, 1869. 480

88. An Act for consolidating with Amendments the Acts for carrying into effect Treaties for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade, and for other purposes connected with the Slave Trade. 488

89. An Act to extend and amend the provisions of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870. 503

90. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and for other purposes connected therewith. 510

91. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. 555

The Acts contained in the following List, being Public Acts of a Local Character, are placed amongst the Local and Personal Acts.

i. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Bishop Auckland, Bristol, Cardiff, Ealing, Idle, Lincoln, Newport in Monmouthshire, Warrington, Wigan, and Wrington.

ii. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," and the Acts amending the same, relating to Mulkear River and Kildare Drainage Districts.

xv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Acts amending the same, relating to Lough Oughter and River Erne Drainage District.

xxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for the parish of Caterham to put in force "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

xxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for London to put in force "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

xxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861," relating to Deeping Fen.

xlii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Abersychan Gas, Ilford Gas, Leominster Gas, Oakengates and St. George's Gas, Redditch Gas, Canterbury Water, Caterham Water, Denbigh Water, Maidstone Water, and Weston-super-Mare Water.

lxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Beard for Ireland relating to the town and borough of Wexford.

lxii. An Act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Bosham.

lxiii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Bouldnor, Broadstairs, East Loch Tarbert, Felixstowe, Filey, Fishguard, Fraserburgh, Ilfracombe, Lochaline, Newlyn, and Sandhaven.

lxxxi. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Gas and Waterworks Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Fleetwood Gas, Midsomer Norton Gas, Holywell Water, and Monmouth Gas and Water.

lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Buxton, Clayton, Crewe, Hitchin, Idle, Leyton, Nottingham (two), Shanklin, Walthamstow, Wellingborough, and Wimbledon.

lxxxiii. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board under "The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867," with reference to the city of Coventry in the county of Warwick and the parishes of Mid Lavant and East Lavant in the county of Sussex, respectively.

lxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Certificate made by the Board of Trade under The Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864, and The Railways (Powers and Construction) Acts, 1864, Amendment Act, 1870, for the incorporation of the Widnes Railway Company, and for the construction of the Widnes Railway.

lxxxv. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders, made by the Board of Trade under The Tramways Act, 1870, for the construction of the Common Road Conveyance Tramway, Kew and Richmond Tramway, Southall, Ealing, and Shepherd's Bush Tramway, and Uxbridge and Southall and Ealing and Brentford Tramway.

lxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Scheme under "The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866," relating to Tooting Beck Common.

lxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for the parish of Llanrwst to put in force "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

cxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for the parish of Llanelly, Carmarthen, to put in force "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

cxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for the parish of Merthyr Tydfil to put in force "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

cxl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Buxton, Carnarvon, Ealing, Pontypridd, Ravensthorpe, Reading (two), Shipley, Teignmouth, Wheathampstead, Wisbech and Walsoken (two).

cxli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Baldersby, Bristol, Buxton, Dawlish, Nelson, and Wellington in the county of Somerset.

cxcvii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Cardiff, Dewsbury, Batley, and Birstal, Felixstowe and Fagborough Cliff, Ipswich and Felixstowe, Leicester, Middlesbrough and Stockton, Neath and District, and Newport (Monmouthshire).

cxcviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Acts amending the same, relating to Upper Gully River Drainage District, Queen's County.

cxcix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland concerning the Local Government of the Borough of Belfast.

ccxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for London to put in force "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

ccxv. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, for the construction of the London Street Tramways (Saint Pancras Lines), Metropolitan Street Tramways (Extensions), Pimlico, Peckham, and Greenwich Street Tramways (Extensions), and West London Tramways.

ccxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the districts of Ashbourne, Bury St. Edmunds, Epping, Fenton, Richmond (Surrey), Shipley, Stoke, Tong Street, and Ventnor.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Tides to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

P. i. AN Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Bishop Auckland, Bristol, Cardiff, Ealing, Idle, Lincoln, Newport in Monmouthshire, Warrington, Wigan, and Wrington.

P. ii. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," and the Acts amending the same, relating to Mulkear River and Kildare Drainage Districts.

iii. An Act for amending and extending Enactments relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Sheffield Waterworks; and for other purposes.

iv. An Act for better supplying with Water Grantham and its neighbourhood, in the county of Lincoln.

v. An Act to grant further powers to the King's Lynn Dock Company; and for other purposes.

vi. An Act to enable the Vestry of Saint Marylebone to grant a Lease of, and otherwise deal with, Surplus Lands acquired by them in making Street Improvements.

vii. An Act for amending and extending the Thames Embankment Acts, 1863 and 1864; and for other purposes.

viii. An Act to enable the Manchester and Milford Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway to Devil's Bridge; and for other purposes.

ix. An Act for making provision for Administration of the Reserved Fund of the European Assurance Society; and for other purposes.

x. An Act to authorise the Town Council of the Burgh of Montrose to sell, feu, or lease the South Links; and for other purposes.

xi. An Act for granting further Powers to the Leicester Gas Company.

xii. An Act for making and maintaining a Bridge across the River Severn at Shrewsbury, with Approaches thereto; and for other purposes.

xiii. An Act to authorise the construction of a Dock at South Alloa, in the county of Stirling; and for other purposes.

xiv. An Act to authorise the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Chatham Dockyard; and for other purposes.

P. xv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Acts amending the same, relating to Lough Oughter and River Erne Drainage District.

xvi. An Act for transferring the Undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Tavistock Canal to the Duke of Bedford; and for other purposes.

xvii. An Act for vesting the Undertaking of the Chesterfield Market Company in the Corporation of Chesterfield; and for other purposes.

xviii. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers oil the Pontefract, Tanshelf, and Carleton Gas Company.

xix. An Act to authorise the Wakefield Waterworks Company to make a new reservoir, and to raise more money; and for other purposes.

xx. An Act for extending the Limits within which the Derby Waterworks Company may supply Water, and for empowering them to construct additional Works and to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

xxi. An Act for dissolving the Chigwell and Woodford Bridge Gas Company [Limited], and for incorporating and conferring powers on the Chigwell, Loughton, and Woodford Gas Company; and for other purposes.

P. xxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for the parish of Caterham to put in force "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

P. xxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for London to put in force "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

P. xxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861," relating to Deeping Fen.

xxv. An Act for making a railway from the Tiverton Junction Station of the Bristol and Exeter Railway to near Hemyock, all in the County of Devon, to be called the Culm Valley Light Railway; and for other purposes.

xxvi. An Act to enable the Brighton Aquarium Company to raise additional Capital.

xxvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Blackpool Sea Water Company.

xxviii. An Act for incorporating and granting powers to the Aberystwyth Gas Company to enable them to supply with gas the borough of Aberystwyth and its neighbourhood; and for other purposes.

xxix. An Act to incorporate a Company for supplying with Water the City of Chichester and certain Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, in the County of Sussex.

xxx. An Act for granting additional powers to the Australian Agricultural Company, and for amending the Acts relating to that Company; and for other purposes.

xxxi. An Act relating to the leasing of part of the Glebe Lands of the Rectory of Penshurst in the County of Kent.

xxxii. An Act to enable the Swansea Harbour Trustees to raise a further sum of money for the purposes of their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

xxxiii. An Act to authorise the Neath New Gas Company to raise additional capital, and for other purposes.

xxxiv. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Benjamin Joseph Barnard Mills for Improvements in the Manufacture of Boots and Shoes and in Machinery employed therein.

xxxv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Sevenoaks, Maidstone, and Tunbridge Railway Company for the construction of Works, and otherwise in relation to their undertaking; and for other purposes.

xxxvi. An Act to extend the time for the construction of Works authorised by "The Glasgow Corporation Waterworks Amendment Act, 1866," and to abandon part of the Works; and for other purposes.

xxxvii. An Act for conferring additional powers on the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company for the construction of railways and works and the acquisition of lands; for defining their capital; and for other purposes connected with their undertaking.

xxxviii. An Act to enable the Board of Police of Glasgow to make and maintain new streets and other improvements in the city of Glasgow.

xxxix. An Act for making a new Road or Street in substitution for a portion of the Aitkenhead Road, in the parish of Govan and county of Lanark; for discontinuing as a public thoroughfare the said portion of road; and for other purposes.

xl. An Act to amend and enlarge some of the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the South-eastern Railway Company.

xli. An Act to revive and extend some of the Powers of the Worcester, Bromyard, and Leominster Railway Company.

---

P. xlii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Abersychan Gras, Ilford Gas, Leominster Gas, Oakengates and St. George's Gas, Redditch Gas, Canterbury Water, Caterham Water, Denbigh Water, Maidstone Water, and Weston-super-Mare Water.

xliii. An Act to confirm an Agreement between the Cape Railway Company and the Local Government of the Cape of Good Hope for the sale and transfer of the Company's undertaking, and to provide for the winding-up of the affairs of the Company; and for other purposes.

xliv. An Act for authorising the Rhymney Railway Company to abandon their Caerphilly Rumney Branch Railway, and to raise farther moneys; and for other purposes.

xlv. An Act to empower the Grand Junction Waterworks Company to acquire additional lands in the parish of Hampton.

xlvi. An Act for granting further powers to the Bristol and Portishead Pier and Railway Company.

xlvii. An Act to authorise the Local Board of Health for the District of Burley to construct Waterworks and supply Water within their District, and to purchase certain existing Waterworks; and for other purposes.

xlviii. An Act for making a Railway in the county of Cumberland, to be called the Ravenglass and Eskdale Railway; and for other purposes.

xlix. An Act to enable the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull to raise additional capital.

L An Act to vest the Tay Ferries in the Dundee Harbour Trustees, and to authorise them to work and manage the Ferries; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes. 36 & 37 Vict.

li. An Act for amending the Acts relating to the Harbour of Ayr; for altering the constitution of the Ayr Harbour Trust; for enabling the Ayr Harbour Trustees to borrow an additional sum of money; and for other purposes.

lii. An Act to extend the powers of the Scarborough Gas Company, and for other purposes.

liii- An Act to authorise the Scarborough and Whitby Railway Company to extend their line to join the North-eastern Railway at Scarborough, and the Whitby, Redcar, and Middlesborough Union Railway near Whitby; to alter the levels of their authorised lines near Whitby; to raise additional capital; and for other purposes.

liv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies Committee and upon the two Companies represented upon that Committee; and for other purposes.

lv. An Act to extend the time for the completion of certain of the Works authorised by the Pimlico, Peckham, [and Greenwich Street Tramways (Extensions) Act, 1870.

lvi. An Act to authorise the Local Board for the district of Buxton to construct Waterworks and supply Water; also to purchase Land for Gasworks; and for other purposes.

hrii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Pontypool Gas and Water Company.

lviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Bristol United Gaslight Company.

lix. An Act to enable the Crystal Palace District Gas'Company to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

lx. An Act for extending the time for the completion of the Cleethorpes Promenade Pier, and for amending the Cleethorpes Promenade Pier Order, 1867; and for other purposes.

P. lxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the town and borough of Wexford.

P. lxii. An Act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Bosham.

P. lxiii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Bouldnor, Broadstairs, East Loqh Tarbert, Felixstowe, Filey, Fishguard, Fraserburgh, Ilfracombe, Lochaline, Newlyn, and Sandhaven.

lxiv. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Swansea, acting as and for the Urban Sanitary Authority for the district of Swansea under "'The Public Health Act, 1872," to complete and improve certain

Local Acts.

works authorised by "The Swansea Local Board of Health Waterworks Act, 1860," and to raise a certain sum of money; and for other purposes.

lxv. An Act to amend and continue the " Lagan Navigation Act and for other purposes.

lxvi. An Act to authorise the Great Western and Bristol and Exeter Railway Companies to extend the Bristol Harbour Railway, and to make a new Wharf Dep6t; and for other purposes.

lxvii. An Act to authorise the Stockton Municipal Corporation to raise more money for the purposes of their gas supply, and to amend the Stockton Gas Acts, 1857 and 1866.

lxviii. An Act for authorising or making further provision as to the lease, sale, or transfer of the railways or the amalgamation of the undertakings of other companies to or with the undertaking of the London and South-western Railway Company.

lxix. An Act to empower the Local Board of Health for the district of Over Darwen, in the county of Lancaster, to acquire the undertakings of the Darwen Waterworks Company and of the Over Darwen Gaslight Company; and for other purposes.

licir. An Act for making a railway from Llanfyllin to Llangy-nog, in the counties of Montgomery and Denbigh, and for other purposes.

lxxi. An Act for authorising the London and South-western Railway Company to make additional railways; and for other purposes.

lxxii. An Act to enable the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways Company to lease their Moel-Tryfan Undertaking to Hugh Beaver Roberts.

lxxiii. An Act for re-incorporating and giving additional Powers to the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company; and for other purposes.

lxziv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Harrow Gaslight and Coke Company (Limited).

1XXV. An Act to amend the Sutton, Southcoates, and Drypool Gas Act, 1867 (additional lands, power to manufacture and store gas thereon, repeal of provisions of former Act).

lxxvi. An Act to authorise the construction of the Wrexham District Tramways, and for other purposes.

lxxvii. An Act for authorising the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make new Branch Railways, for conferring upon them additional powers; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes.

lxxviii. An Act to extend the time granted by " The North Metropolitan Tramways Act, 1870," for the construction of works within the city of London.

lxxix. An Act to authorise the Kington and Eardisley Railway Company to make a Railway from the Leominster and Kington Railway at Kington to New Radnor, and for other purposes.

lxTnr. An Act for better supplying with Water certain parishes and districts in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

P. ImnrL An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Fleetwood Gas, Midsomer Norton Gas, Holywell Water, and Monmouth Gas and Water.

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Buxton, Clayton, Crewe, Hitchen, Idle, Leyton, Nottingham (two), Shanklin, Walthamstow, Wellingborough, and Wimbledon.

P. lxxxiii. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board under "The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867," with reference to the city of Coventry in the county of Warwick and the parishes of Mid Lavant and East Lavant in the county of Sussex, respectively.

P. lxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Certificate made by the Board of Trade under The Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864, and The Railways (Powers and Construction) Acts, 1864, Amendment Act, 1870, for the incorporation of the Widnes Railway Company, and for the construction of the Widnes Railway.

P. lxxxv. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, for the construction of the Common Road Conveyance Tramway, Kew and Richmond Tramway, Southall, Ealing, and Shepherd's Bush Tramway, and Uxbridge and Southall and Ealing and Brentford Tramway.

P. lxxxvL An Act to confirm a Scheme under "The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866," relating to Tooting Beck Common.

lxxxvii. An Act to enable the Navan and Kingscourt Railway Company to make Deviations in their Railways; and for other purposes.

lxxxviii. An Act for establishing the Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund Association.

lyTrxiY. An Act for granting further powers to the Belfast Gaslight Company.

xc. An Act to grant farther Powers to the Great Northern Railway Company with relation to their undertaking; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

ZOi An Act to empower the Dublin Tramways Company to construct new tramways; and for other purposes.

xcii. An Act for declaring the boundary of the Borough of Bootle-cum-Linacre, in the County of Lancaster, and for other purposes.

xciii. An Act to extend the time for completion of Tramways authorised by " The Birmingham Tramways Act, 1870," to be constructed; and for other purposes.

xciv. An Act for empowering the Local Board for the District of Atherton in the parish of Leigh in the county of Lancaster to make and supply Gas; and for confirming an Agreement between them and the Atherton Gas Company, limited, for the purchase of that Company's undertaking; and for other purposes.

xcv. An Act for the Local Government of the parish of Hove in the county of Sussex; and for other purposes.

xcvi. An Act for amending and extending the Birmingham West Suburban Railway Act, 1871; and for other purposes.

xcvii. An Act to extend the time limited for the completion of the Bridge and other works authorised by " The Albert Bridge Act, 1864," "The Albert Bridge Act, 1869," and " The Albert Bridge Act, 1871," and to continue and enlarge the powers of such Acts; and for other purposes.

xcviii. An Act for granting further powers to the Birmingham and Staffordshire Tramways Company.

xcix. An Act to authorise the increase of the Capital Stock of the Bank of Scotland; and for other purposes.

C. An Act for making a new Street from Charing Cross to the Victoria Embankment.

ci. An Act to extend for a further period the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of the Railway authorised by "The Girvan and Portpatrick Junction Railway Act, 1865 and for other purposes.

ciL An Act to provide for the more effectual Application of the Surplus Annual Income of the Sheffield Town Trustees, and the Investment of their Trust Funds; and for other purposes.

ciii. An Act to authorise the Ennis and West Clare Railway Company to extend their Railway; to raise further Capital; and foi; other purposes.

civ. An Act for extending the time for the completion of the Newport Railway; and for confirming an Agreement for the working and use of the same by the North British Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cv. An Act for making a Marine Road or Drive round the Great Ormes Head in the parish of Llandudno in the county of Caernarvon; and for other purposes.

TabU of the Statutes.

cvi. An Act for amending the provisions of the Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks Act, 1857, relative to constant supply of Water under pressure; and for other purposes.

cvii. An Act to enable the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to convert certain Arrears of Dividend into Capital; and for other purposes.

cviii. An Act to enable the Thetford and Watton Railway Company to extend their Railway to join the Bury Saint Edmunds and Thetford Railway; and for other purposes.

cix. An Act to enable the Wolverhampton, Walsall, and Midland Junction Railway Company to make an additional Junction with the Midland Railway near Water Orton; and for other purposes relating to that Company.

cx. An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Barrow-in-Furness to make additional Waterworks and Gasworks and new Streets; and for conferring additional powers upon them with reference to the raising of Money and the Improvement of the Borough; and for other purposes.

cxi. An Act for conferring further Powers upon the Devon and Cornwall Railway Company for the Construction of Works and the raising of Money, and otherwise in relation to their Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

cxii. An Act for authorising the Devon and Cornwall Railway Company to make Extensions of their Railway to Holsworthy, and to Camelford, and to the Launceston and South Devon Railway; and to raise further Moneys; and for authorising Arrangements between them and other Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

cxiii. An Act to enable the Great Western Railway Company, the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company, and the South Devon Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Saint Ives; and for other purposes.

cxiv. An Act to enable the South Devon Railway Company to acquire Lands and execute Works in connexion with their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

cxv. An Act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to construct a Graving Dock, Quays or Wharfs, and other Works at and in connexion with the Harbour of Glasgow and the River Clyde; to abandon authorised Works; to borrow Money; and for other purposes.

cxvi. An Act to confer additional powers on the Gaslight and Coke Company, and to amend the Gaslight and Coke Company's Act, 1868, and the several Acts altering and amending the same; and for other purposes.

1873.

Local Acts.

OZViL An Act for granting further powers to the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas Company.

OXviii. An Act to authorise the London and South-western Railway Company and the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to extend their Joint Line at Portsmouth, and for other purposes connected with the said Extension.

cxix. An Act to authorise deviations from the authorised Lines of the Central Ireland Railways, and to confer further powers with reference to those Lines and their respective Undertakings of the Waterford and Central Ireland Railway Company and the Kilkenny Junction Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cxx. An Act to enable the Lincoln Gaslight and Coke Company to execute new Works; to extend their Limits of Supply; to enable them to raise more Money; and for other purposes.

cxxi. An Act to authorise the diversion and alteration of the Line and Levels of the Whitby, Redcar, and Middlesborough Union Railway; and for other purposes.

cxxii. An Act to enable the Briton Ferry Local Board to acquire the Undertaking of the Briton Ferry Gas and Coke Company.

cxxiii. An Act to make better provision for the Recovery by the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company of Gas Rents and Rates, to alter existing Rents and Rates; and for other purposes.

cxxiv. An Act to consolidate the Irvine Harbour Orders, 1867 and 1870, and to authorise the construction of new Works at the Harbour; and for other purposes.

cxxv. An Act to extend the Borough of Brighton to part of the Parish of Preston; and for other purposes.

cxxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the City of Durham Gas Company.

cxxvii. An Act for authorising the West Lancashire Railway Company to raise further Capital

cxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from the London and South-western Railway at Staines to the Great Western-Railway at West Drayton; and for other purposes.

cxxix. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Doncaster to execute Works for the Improvement of the Water Supply of that borough and of the neighbourhood thereof; and for other purposes.

cxxx. An Act for enabling the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company to acquire additional Lands, and to widen Bridges; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes.

CXXXI. An Act to authorise the construction of a Railway in extension of the Metropolitan District Railway to Hammersmith.

cxxxiL An Act to amend te The Waterford, Dungarvan, and Lismore Railway Act, 1872, 1" and to enable the Waterford, Dungarvan, and Lismore Railway Company to make deviations from their authorised Railway, and to abandon a portion of the authorised Railway; to extend the time for the execution of works; to afford facilities to the Company for raising the funds necessary to execute their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

cxxxiii. An Act for confirming the Gift of Columbia Market by the Baroness Burdett Coutts to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the city of London, and for making further provision respecting the maintenance and use of the Market, and for the construction of Tramways in connexion therewith; and for other purposes.

cxxxiv. An Act to dissolve the Trowbridge and District New Water Company, Limited, and to re-incorporate the Members thereof and others, for supplying with Water the town and parish of Trowbridge and other places in the county of Wilts; and for other purposes.

cxxxv. An Act for making certain Railways in the North Riding of the county of York; and for other purposes.

CXXXVI. An Act for the making of Railways from Freshwater to Yarmouth and Newport, in the Isle of Wight; and for other purposes.

P. cxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870/' to enable the School Board for the parish of Llanrwst to put in force " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

P. cxxxvlii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for the parish of Llanelly, Carmarthen, to put in force " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

p# CXXXIX. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870," to enable the School Board for the parish of Merthyr Tydfil to put in force " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

P. CXL An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Buxton, Carnarvon, Ealing, Pontypridd, Ravensthorpe, Reading (two), Shipley Teignmouth, Wheathampstead, Wisbech and Walsoken (two).

Local Acts,

P. cxli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Districts of Bal-dersby, Bristol, Buxton, Dawlish, Nelson, and Wellington in the county of Somerset.

CxliI. An Act to extend the powers of the Uxbridge and Hillingdon Gas Consumers Company; and for other purposes.

cxliii. An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct new Docks and other Works on the Liverpool side of the River Mersey, and to borrow further moneys for that purpose.

cxliv. An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct a new Landing Stage opposite the South Reserve at Birkenhead, and confirm an Agreement with reference thereto between the said Board and the London and North-western and Great Western Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

GXlv. An Act for enabling the Solway Junction Railway Company to dispose of the Purchase Money for part of their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

cxlvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London Central Railway Company for the purchase of Lands.

cxlvii. An Act for making a Railway from the Llynvi and Ogmore Railway ne&r Blackmill to the Great Western Railway at Llanharan, to be called the Cardiff and Ogmore Valley Railway; and for other purposes.

cxlviii. An Act for the Conversion into Consolidated Stock of Annuities issued under the Glasgow Corporation Gas Act, 186 9; and for other purposes.

cxlix. An Act for authorising the London and Aylesbury Railway Company to raise further Capital.

CL An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Mines in parts of South Staffordshire and East Worcestershire.

cli. An Act for amending the Acts relating to the Undertaking of the Alexandra, (Newport) Dock Company; and for other purposes.

clii. An Act to amend "The Gosport Gas Act, 1865," with respect to the price of Gas.

cliii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Cheshire Lines Committee; and for other purposes.

cliv. An Act for incorporating the Dudley and Oldbury Junction Railway Company, and authorising them to make and maintain Railways from Oldbury, in the county of Worcester, communicating with the South Staffordshire and Stour Valley Branches of the Railways of the London and Northwestern Railway Company; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes.

civ. An Act to enable the Llantrissant and Taff Yale Junction Bail way Company to effect a Junction between their Railway and the Ely Valley Railway; to extend the time for the completion of a portion of their authorised Railways; and for other purposes.

clvL An Act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to construct new Railways, to widen portions of their existing Railways, to enlarge their Lime Street Station at Liverpool; and for other purposes.

clvii. An Act to amend the constitution of the Harbour Trust of Peterhead, to authorise the construction of new Works at the Harbours, and to provide for the further improvement and maintenance of the same; and for other purposes.

clviii. An Act to empower the Taff Vale Railway Company to make new Railways and acquire additional Lands in the county of Glamorgan, and to run over and use a portion of the Railway of the Great Western Railway Company; and for other purposes.

clix. An Act to authorise the Corporations of Dewsbury and Batley in the West Riding of the county of York to construct Gasworks, and to purchase the Undertaking of the Dewsbury and Batley Gas Company; and for other purposes.

clx. An Act for making a Railway from Dunfermline to North Queensferry in the county of Fife, and Pier in connexion therewith; and for other purposes.

clxi. An Act for authorising the London and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain new Railways in the parish of St. Mary, Battersea, to execute other works; to purchase additional Lands; and to raiso further moneys; and for other purposes.

Chrii. An Act to authorise the construction of Railways in the county of Cornwall, to be called the Cornwall Mineral Railways, and the amalgamation therewith of the New Quay and Cornwall Junction Railway, and other undertakings connected therewith.

clxiii. An Act to enable the London and Blackwall Railway Company to enlarge their Stepney Station; to construct a Landing Pier in the Thames in connexion with their Mill-wall Extension Railway; to authorise arrangements with the Great Eastern Railway Company; and for other purposes.

clxiv. An Act to authorise the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Burgh of Dumbarton to supply the Burgh and adjacent district with Gas; to erect a Pier in the River Clyde, and road of approach thereto; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

clxv. An Act to authorise the Halesowen and Bromsgrove Branch Railways Company to construct deviations of their authorised Railways; and for other purposes.

clxvi. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Wandsworth Bridge and approaches; and for other purposes.

clxvii. An Act to authorise the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Bradford, in the West Riding of the county of York, to construct additional Waterworks, to effect Street Improvements, to enlarge the borough for Municipal, Sanitary, and other like purposes, to extend the limits of Water Supply of the Corporation; and for other purposes.

clxviii. An Act to confer upon the Bristol and North Somerset Railway Company renewed powers for making a Branch Railway to Camerton, and power to divert the road leading from Pensford to Stanton Wick, and to confer certain powers on the Great Western Railway Company with respect to the said Branch Railway; and for other purposes.

clxix. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of Lands and for the completion of the Belgrave Market; and for other purposes.

clxx. An Act for the reclamation of open Salt Marshes in the parish of Moulton and elsewhere in Lincolnshire.

clxxi. An Act to provide for the discontinuance of the appointment of a Minister to the second charge of the church and parish of South Leith, in the county of Edinburgh; and for other purposes relating to the said church and parish.

clxxii. An Act to incorporate a Company for the construction or the^ Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Railway; and for other purposes.

clxxiii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Carlisle to make and maintain a new street, to alter, divert, and stop up existing streets and roads, to alter, enlarge, improve, and regulate the markets, to borrow money; and for other purposes.

clxxiv. An Act to change the name of the Dundalk and Greenore Railway Company, and to enable them to make a railway from Newry to Greenore, and to acquire the undertaking of the Newry and Greenore Railway Company; and for other purposes.

clxxv. An Act for making a Railway from the Glasgow, Dumbarton, and Helensburgh Railway to Kilsyth, and a Railway therefrom to the Campsie Branch of the North British Railway Company; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes.

clxxvi. An Act to incorporate a Company for making the Leeds, Castleford, and Pontefract Junction Railway; and for other purposes.

clxxvii. An Act for authorising the Llynvi and Ogmore Railway Company to make new Railways; to deviate portions of existing Railways; to raise additional Capital; to authorise arrangements with the Great Western Railway Company; and for other purposes.

clxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

clxxix. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company; and for other purposes relating to that Company and to the Preston and Wyre Railway.

clxxx. An Act for conferring additional powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company; and for other purposes relating to that Company.

clxxxi. An Act to grant further powers to the Metropolitan Railway Company.

clxxxii. An Act to authorise the construction of Works and Reclamation of Lands in Pagham Harbour in the county of Sussex; and for other purposes.

clxxxiii. An Act for conferring powers upon the Much Wenlock and Severn Junction Railway Company for the construction of Works and the raising of money, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act for making a Railway from the 'town of Wisbech in the county of Cambridge to Upwell in the county of Norfolk; and for other purposes.

clxxxv. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways and other Works, and to acquire certain Lands, in the counties of Lanark, Forfar, Renfrew, Stirling, and Perth; and for other purposes.

clxxxvi. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make Branch Railways connecting their Wilsontown Branch with their Cleland and Midcalder Line; and for other purposes.

clxxxvii. An Act for enlarging the extent and improving the accommodation of the Citadel Station at Carlisle, and making and maintaining new Connecting Lines between the various Railways converging there; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

clxxxviii. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Station at Gordon Street, Glasgow, and Connecting Lines between the same and their Railways on the south side of* that city; and for other purposes.

clxxxix. An Act to confer further powers on the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company, the Glasgow and Southwestern Railway Company, and the North British Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cxc. An Act for conferring further powers on the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

cxci. An Act to authorise the London and Blackwall Railway Company to provide and to use Steam Vessels between Mill-wall and Greenwich; to authorise arrangements with the owners and lessees of Potter's Ferry and the Great Eastern Railway Company; and for other purposes.

CXCII. An Act for making a Railway in Gloucestershire, to be called the Severn Bridge and Forest of Dean Central Railway; and for other purposes.

cxciii. An Act for the transfer of the Swansea Lines Undertaking of the Swansea and Carmarthen Railways Company to the London and North-western Railway Company; and for authorising that Company to raise Moneys; and for other purposes.

CXCIV. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway at Swindon to the London and South-western Railway at Andover; and for other purposes.

cxcv. An Act for making better provision for the drainage of Lands on the North and South Sides of the River Don in the West Riding of the county of York; and for other purposes.

cxcvi. An Act for embanking and reclaiming certain waste Land in the county of Clare.

P. CXCVII. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Cardiff, Dewsbury, Batley, and Birstal, Felixstowe and Fagborough Cliff, Ipswich and Felixstowe, Leicester, Middlesbrough and Stockton, Neath and District, and Newport (Monmouthshire).

P. cxcviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Acts amending the same, relating to Upper Gulley River Drainage District, Queen's County.

p# CXCIX. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland concerning the Local Government of the Borough of Belfast.

Table of the Statutes.

cc. An Act for extending the Municipal and Police Boundaries of the Burgh of Ayr; for dividing the extended Burgh for Municipal and Police Purposes into Wards; for regulating the Number and Election and defining the Powers of the Magistrates and Town Councillors of the extended Burgh; for regulating the Common Good of the Burgh; for abolishing the Petty Customs now levied therein; for empowering the Magistrates and Town Council to improve certain Streets, to extend the Market-places and Slaughter-houses, to purchase the Undertakings of the Companies which now supply the Burgh with Gas and Water, and to supply Gas and Water to the extended Burgh; and for other purposes.

CCL An Act for conferring additional Powers on the London and North-western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

ccii. An Act for making a Railway from Ross to Ledbury, in the counties of Gloucester and Hereford; and for other purposes.

cciii. An Act to abandon the Mumbles Extension of the Swansea and Carmarthen Railway Company, and to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Land and completion of Railway of the Company at Carmarthen, to confer powers upon the Company with reference to the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

cciv. An Act for authorising the sale and transfer of the Undertakings of the Metropolitan Street Tramways Company, and the Pimlico, Peckham, and Greenwich Street Tramways Company, to the London Tramways Company, Limited; and for other purposes.

ccv. An Act for granting farther powers to the Nottingham Gaslight and Coke Company.

ccvi. An Act for supplying with Water certain parishes and places in the county of Edinburgh.

ccvii. An Act to authorise the construction of a Railway from Bala to Festiniog in the county of Merioneth; and for other purposes.

ccviii. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to extend their Railway from Melton Mowbray to Leicester; and for other purposes.

ccix. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to make several Railways, and to purchase additional Station Lands; to abandon certain Railways; to extend the time for sale of certain superfluous Lands; to authorise agreements with the North Monkland Railway Company and with the Corporation of Burntisland; purchase of the Broxburn Railway, and amalgamation with the Glasgow and Milngavie Railway Company; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

ccx. An Act for conferring additional powers on the Midland Railway Company for the construction of Works and for the raising of Capital; and for other purposes in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies.

CCXL An Act to constitute a new body of Trustees for administering the affairs of the Harbour of New Shoreham in the county of Sussex; and for other purposes.

ccxii. An Act for vesting the undertaking of the Briton Ferry Floating Dock Company in the Great Western Railway Company; and for other purposes.

ccxiii. An Act for embanking and for dividing, allotting, and enclosing Lands in the parish of Gedney in the county of Lincoln.

P. ccxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under "The Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Acts amending the same.

P. ccxv. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, for the construction of the London Street Tramways (Saint Pancras Lines), Metropolitan Street Tramways (Extensions), Pimlico, Peckham, and Greenwich Street Tramways (Extensions), and West London Tramways.

P. ccxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the districts of Ashbourne, Bury St. Edmunds, Epping, Fenton, Richmond (Surrey), Shipley, Stoke, Tong Street, and Ventnor.

CCXVII. An Act to extend the powers of the Royal Bank of Scotland, and to alter and enlarge the provisions of the Charters relating thereto.

ccxviii. An Act to make better provision for the Sewerage of a part of the parish of Beckenham in the county of Kent; and for other purposes.

ccxix. An Act for the cultivation and improvement of certain Waste Lands in Pegwell Bay and Sandwich Flats, and the improvement of Sandwich Haven, in the county of Kent.

ccxx. An Act to authorise the construction by the Great Northern Railway Company of Railways in the West Riding of Yorkshire for connecting Keighley with Bradford and Halifax.

ccxxi. An Act to vest in the London Street Tramways Company certain Tramways authorised by the " North Metropolitan Tramways Act, 1870/* and to enable that Company to raise further moneys; and for other purposes.

Table of the Statutes. 36 & 37 Vict.

ccxxii. An Act for making a Railway between Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, and Alderley, in the county of Chester, with Branches therefrom; and for other purposes.

ccxxiii. An Act to authorise the Metropolitan Street Tramways Company to raise further moneys; and for other purposes.

ccxxiv. An Act to incorporate a Company and authorise the construction of Tramways in the county of Kent: and for other purposes.

ccxxv. An Act for .enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to enlarge and improve the Old Harbour at Holyhead, and to construct works in connexion therewith; and for other purposes.

ccxxvi. An Act for incorporating the Tunbridge Wells and Eastbourne Railways Company; and for other purposes.

ccxxvii. An Act for authorising the construction of Railways from Over, near the River Severn, to Newent, and from Newent to Dymock, in the county of Gloucester; and for other purposes.

ccxxviii. An Act for authorising and carrying into effect the purchase by the Caledonian Railway Company of the portion of the Solway Junction Railway lying between Annan and Kirtlebridge Junction; and for other purposes.

ccxxix. An Act for making a Railway in Berkshire and Hampshire, to be called the Didcot, Newbury, and Southampton Junction Railway.

ccxxx. An Act for making a Railway from the Ely Valley Railway into the Clydach Valley; and for other purposes.

ccxxxi. An Act for making a Railway from Pontesbury to Snailbeach and Tankerville in the county of Salop.

ccxxxii. An Act for leasing the Buckley Railway to the Wrexham, Mold, and Connah's Quay Railway Company; and to make certain arrangements with reference to the Capital of the Wrexham, Mold, and Connah's Quay Railway Company; and for other purposes.

ccxxxiii. An Act to authorise the Belfast Street Tramways Company to construct additional Street Tramways in the counties of Antrim and Down; and for other purposes.

ccxxxiv. An Act to authorise the construction of a Railway from near the Rye Station of the South-eastern Railway in Sussex to Dengeness* in Kent, together with a Pier at the termination thereof.

---

ccxxxv. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Dover Harbour Board; and for other purposes.

ccxxxvi. An Act to extend the time for the completion of certain of the authorised Works of the Edinburgh Street Tramways Company; and for other purposes.

ccxxxvii. An Act to authorise the construction of the Forth Bridge Railway.

ccxxxviii. An Act to incorporate a Company for the purpose of making and maintaining a Railway from the Birmingham and Oxford section of the Great Western Railway in the parish of Rowington and county of Warwick to Henley-in-Arden in the same county; and for other purposes.

ccxxxix. An Act to authorise the Hoylake and Birkenhead Rail and Tramway Company to extend their Railways; and for other purposes.

---

ccxl. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Railway from the Port of Lame* to the Town and Neighbourhood of Ballyclare in the county of Antrim; and for other purposes connected with the said Railway.

ccxli. An Act for making certain Railways in the counties of Chester, Flint, and Denbigh; and for other purposes.

ccxlii. An Act for the improvement of the borough of Criccieth in the county of Carnarvon.

CCXliii. An Act for conferring Powers upon the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and for making other provisions with respect to the money deposited in respect to the application to Parliament for "The Dublin, Rathmines, &c. Railway Act, 1865."

ccxliv. An Act to authorise the Edinburgh, Loanhead, and Roslin Railway Company to make and maintain certain new Railways; and for other purposes.

ccxlv. An Act for making Railways to connect the Evesham and Redditch Railway with the East and West Junction Railway; and for other purposes.

ccxlvi. An Act for making a Railway in the counties of Limerick and Kerry; and for other purposes.

ccxlvii. An Act to enable the Metropolitan and Saint John's Wood Railway Company to construct Railways to join the Hampstead Junction Railway and the Midland Railway, with a Branch to Willesden, and to confer certain other powers upon the Company, and upon the London and Northwestern, the Midland, and the Metropolitan Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

ccxlviii. An Act to empower the Southern Railway Company to make an Extension Railway to Cashel; to make Working Agreements with other Companies; to enable

Table of the Statutes.

the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company to subscribe for portion of the Capital of the Company; to provide for a Baronial Guarantee on portion of the Company's Share Capital; and for other purposes.

ccxlix. An Act for making a Railway from the Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway to Delabole; and for other purposes.

ccl. An Act for incorporating the Cornwall Mineral and Bodmin and Wadebridge Junction Railway Company, and for authorising them to make and maintain the Cornwall Mineral and Bodmin and Wadebridge Junction Railway, and for authorising arrangements between them and other Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

ccli. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Somerset and Dorset Railway Company for the construction of Works, and otherwise in relation to their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

cclii. An Act for the .Lease of the Undertaking of the Belfast, Holywood, and Bangor Railway Company.

ccliii. An Act for authorising the Construction of Street

Tramways in certain parts of Bradford in the West Riding of the county of York, and the neighbourhood thereof; and for other purposes.

1. AN Act for vesting the Lands and Estate of Cupar Grange in the county of Perth in Trustees, for the purpose of being sold, and for the purchase of other lands to be entailed; and for other purposes.

2. An Act for carrying into effect an Agreement dated the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, between William Thomas Bum Callander and Mary Harriet Bum Callander, Spinster, of the first part; Henry Callander, an Infant, of the second part; and Mary Frederica Beauclerk Coventry or Callander, Widow, the Honourable Henry Amelius Coventry, and Henry Amelius Beauclerk Coventry, tutors and curators of the said Henry Callander, of the third part; for the compromise and settlement of claims by the said William Thomas Bum

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED by the queen's printer,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1873.

Private Acts.

xxxv

Callander and Mary Harriet Bum Callander against the entailed Estates of Crichton and Prestonhall in the county of Edinburgh, Elphinstone in the county of Haddington, and Westertown in the county of Stirling, and the heirs of entail for the time being of the said Estates, for security of the provisions mentioned in the said Agreement; and to raise Money on the Security of the said Estates for payment of the said provisions; and for other purposes relating thereto.

PRIVATE ACT,

NOT PRINTED.

3. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Frederick Malcomson, of Portlaw, in the county of Waterford, Ireland, with Marcella Malcomson his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes.

TABLES

SHOWING

THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION.

Table A. — Acts of 36 & 37 Vict. (in order of Chapter) showing their effect on former Acts.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 36 & 37 Vict.

(A.)

Acts of 36 & 37 Vict. (in order of Chapter) showing their effect on former Acts.

Ch.

1. Cove Chapel, Tiverton, Marriages Legalization [E.]

2. Polling Districts (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 35 & 36 Vict c. 33., Ballot Act, 1872.

Repeals section 19 of 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69., Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

[Amended by Ch. 30.]

3. Consolidated Fund (9, 317, 346/. 19*. 9d.) [U.K.]

4. Somerset House (King's College Lease) [E.]

Recites 25 & 26 Vict. c. 93., Thames Embankment.

5. Epping Forest [E.l

Amends 34 & 35 Vict. c. 93. and 35 & 36 Vict. c. 95.

6. Turks and Caicos Islands [C.]

7. Endowed Schools (Time of Address) [E.]

Amends 32 & 33 Vict. c. 56.

8. Income Tax Assessment [U.K.]

Applies provisions of existing Income Tax Acts.

9. Bastardy Laws Amendment [E.]

Repeals sections 6 and 8, and Second Schedule, of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 65. Revives rights under repealed Enactments of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 101.

10. Mutiny [U.K.]

Applies 26 & 27 Vict. c. 57., Regimental Debts.

Acts relating to Military Prisons.

11. Marine Mutiny [U.K.]

12. Custody of Infants [E. & L]

Repeals 2 a 3 Vict. c. 54.

13. Salmon Fisheries Commissioners [E.]

Amends 28 & 29 Vict. c. 12].

d

Table A. — Acts of 36 & 37 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

14. PORTPATRICK HARBOUR [S.]

Repeals 1 Geo. 4. c. 112., and 24 & 25 Vict. c. 106.

part of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 69., Harbours Transfer.

15. New Zealand (Roads, &c.) Loans [C.]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 40.

16. Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment [I.]

Extends provisions of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 81., and 26 & 27 Vict. c. 27., Marriages (Ireland).

17. East India Stock Dividend Redemption [U.K.]

Dissolves the East India Company on 1st June 1874.

18. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.K.]

Grants Duties of Customs, Excise, and Income Tax as in Schedules. Exempts hotel keepers from Duty on Servants under 32 & 33 Vict. c. 14.

from Stamp Duty Admissions to Thames Watermen's Company.

Repeals sections 10 and 11 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 20. (Income Tax). Applies provisions of existing Income Tax Acts.

19. Poor Allotments Management [E.]

Provides for better management of Lands allotted under Local Inclosure Acts passed before 8 & 9 Vict. c. 118.

Repeals in part, and amends, 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 42.

Provides for Land acquired under 59 Geo. 3. c. 12., and 1 & 2 Will. 4. cc. 42.49., by Guardians of the Poor, &c., and applies 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 69. s. 3.

Saves Jurisdiction of Charity Commissioners under " Charitable Trusts Act, 1853."

20. Fulford Chapel Marriages Legalization [E.]

21. University of Dublin Tests [I.]

Repeals in part 33 Geo. 3. c. 21. (I.), Roman Catholic Relief.

22. Australian Colonies Customs Duties [C.]

23. Superannuation Act Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 22 Vict. c. 26.

24. Peace Preservation (Ireland) Acts Continuance [I.]

Continues 33 & 34 Vict. c. 9., and 34 & 35 Vict. c. 25. until 1st June 1875.

25. Gretton Chapel Marriages Legalization [E.]

26. Consolidated Fund (12,000,000l.) [U.K.]

27. Juries (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 34 & 35 Vict. c. 65. and 35 & 36 Vict. c. 25.

28. Marriages Legalization, St. John's Chapel, Eton [E.]

29. Customs Sugar Duties (Isle of Man) [U.K.]

Repeals 33 & 34 Vict. c. 43.

30. Registration of Voters (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69., Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Ballot Act, 1872.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 2., Polling Districts (Ireland).

Table A. — Acts of 36 & 37 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

31. Matrimonial Causes Acts Amendment [E.l

Amends 23 & 24 Vict. c. 144. and 29 & 30 Vict. c. 32., as to suits for Nullity of Marriage.

32. East India Loan [U.K.]

Recites 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 85., East India Company's Charter.

Applies 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35. s. 32., 1

26 & 27 Vict. c. 73., >East India Stock.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 106., J

33. Municipal Corporations Evidence [E.]

Facilitates proof of byelaws made under 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 76., &c.

34. Grand Jury Presentments (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116.

35. County Debentures [E.]

Amends the law relating to securities for loans contracted by county authorities.

36. Crown Lands [U.K.]

Extends 10 Geo. 4. c. 50. to the granting of Mining Leases.

37. Fairs [E.]

Repeals 31 & 32 Vict. c. 51.

38. Vagrant Law Amendment [E.]

Amends 5 Geo. 4. c. 83., and extends its provisions to gaming in public places, &c.

Repeals 31 & 32 Vict. c. 52.

39. Cathedral Acts Amendment (Canonries) [E.]

Amends 3 & 4 Vict. c. 113., Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues., 6 & 7 Vict. c. 77., Cathedral Churches, Wales.

40. Thames Embankment (Land) [E.]

Amend* 25 & 26 Vict. c. 93., 1 Embankment, 31 & 32 Vict. c. cxi.,

Extends and applies section 4. of 35 & 36 Vict. c. lxvi., Thames Embankment.

41. Public Schools (Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools Property) [E.] Amends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 118. (Public Schools), as to the Property of Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools.

>y

99

99

99

26-33 of 2 & 3 Vict. c. 62., 18 and 19 of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 15., 42 of 23 & 24 Vict. c. 93.,

>as to Market Gardens.

43. Indian Railways Registration [C.]

44. Government Annuities (National Debt Commissioners) f.U.K.]

Amends 10 Geo. 4. c. 24.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 29.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 24.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 45.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 43.

45. Canada (Public Works) Loan [C.]

Repeals 33 & 34 Vict. c. 82., Canada Defences Loan. '

d 2

Ch.

46. Blackwater Bridge [L]

Amends 9 Geo. 4. c. liii.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 57.

47. Blackwater Bridge (Composition of Debt) [I.]

Amends 9 Geo. 4. c. liii.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 57.

48. Regulation of Railways [U.K.]

Amends 17 & 18 Vict. c. 31., Railway and Canal Traffic.

Applies 8 & 9 Vict. cc. 20. 33., Railway Clauses.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 92., Railway Clauses.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 76., Public Offices Fees.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 119., Regulation of Railways.

49. Public Works Loan Commissioners [U.K.]

Authorises Loans to School Boards under 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

, to Sanitary Authorities under 35 & 36 Vict. c. 79.

50. Places of Worship Sites [E.]

Applies 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18., Lands Clauses Consolidation.

Church Building Acts.

51. Prison Officers Superannuation (Ireland) [I.]

Repeals section 125 of 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116., Grand Jury Presentments (Ireland).

section 5 of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 44., /T,

section 23 of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 68. / PnBOn8 (Ireland).

Applies section 15 of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 126., Prisons Act, 1865.

52. Intestates Widows and Children [E. & I.]

53. Highland Schools [S.]

Repeals 1 & 2 Vict. c. 87., Highland Schools.

Repeals in part section 78 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 62., Education (Scotland).

54. Exchequer Bonds (£1, 600,000) [U.K.]

Applies and extends (as to Forgery) 29 & 30 Vict. c. 25., Exchequer Bills and Bonds.

55. Medical Act (University of London) [E.]

Amends 21 & 22 Vict. c. 90., Medical Practitioners.

56. Treasury Chest Fund [U.K.]

Repeals section 1 of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 127., Treasury Chest Fund.

57. Consolidated Fund, &c. (Permanent Charges Redemption) [U.K.]

Amends 29 & 30 Vict. c. 62., Crown Lands.

58. Military Manoeuvres [E.]

Applies Mutiny Act and Articles of War.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

59. Slave Trade (East African Courts) [IT.K.]

Repeals 32 & 33 Vict. c. 75., Slave Trade (Zanzibar).

Applies 6 & 7 Vict. c. 94., Foreign Jurisdiction.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 24., Vice-Admiralty Courts.

60. Extradition Act (1870) Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 52., Extradition.

1873. Effect of Legislation* xli

Table A. — Acts of 36 & 37 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

61. Crown Private Estates [U.K.]

Amends and extends 25 & 26 Vict. c. 37., Crown Private Estates. Extends section 3 of 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 106. (Law of Inheritance) to private estates of Her Majesty.

62. Public Schools (Eton College Property) [E.]

Amends section 24 of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 118. (Public Schools) as to Eton College Property.

63. Law Agents (Scotland) [S.]

Repeals 28 & 29 Vict. c. 85., Procurators (Scotland).

64. Ecclesiastical Commissioners [E.]

Amends 4 & 5 Anne c. 32 (Private), Lichfield Chapter., 3 & 4 Vict. c. 113., }

4 & 5 Vict. c. 39.,

13 & 14 Vict. c. 94.,

23 & 24 Vict. c. 124.,

>-Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

65. Court of Queen's Bench, Ireland (Grand Juries) [I.]

66. Supreme Court of Judicature [E.]

Provides for the Union of existing Courts into one Supreme Court of Judicature.

Applies all Acts of Parliament, Rules, &c. relating to former Courts to Courts constituted by this Act.

67. Agricultural Children [E.]

Applies the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., &c. Repeals part of section of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 130., Agricultural Gangs.

68. Militia (Service, &c.) [UJL]

Repeals section 107 of 42 Geo. 3. c. 90., 1

section 103 of 42 Geo. 3. c. 91., > Militia.

section 38 of 49 Geo. 3. c. 120., J Amends section of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 111., Militia Reserve.

section 10 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 68., Military Forces Localization.

69. Petitions of Right (Ireland) [I.]

Applies 23 & 24 Vict. c. 34., Petitions of Right, England.

70. Revising Barristers [E.]

Repeals section of 26 & 27 Vict. c. 122., Circuits of Judges.

section 3 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 84., Appointment of Revising Barristers. t

Amends and applies 6 & 7 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Electors Registration.

71. Salmon Fishery [E.]

Amends, and in part repeals, 24 & 25 Vict c. 109., 1 nolmnn ipsci, .

, 28 & 29 Vict 29 Vict. c. 121., / baUnon *]lsnei>

Amends 5 & 6 Vict. c. xxiv., Y r,

16 & 17 Vict. c. xlvii., |Severn NaviSation-

Applies Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

Documentary Evidence Act, 1868.

Malicious Injuries Act, 1861.

72. Defence Acts Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 5 & 6 Vict. c. 94. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 112.

d 3

xlii Effect of Legislation. 36 & 37 Vict.

Table A. — Acts of 36 & 37 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

73. Public Health Act, 1872, Amendment [E.]

Amends so much of section of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 79. as relates to Cambridge.

74. Constabulary Force (Ireland) [I.]

Empowers Lord Lieutenant to fix revised salaries, notwithstanding limitations contained in 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 13. s. 29., 22 & 23 Vict c. 22. s. 5., 29 & 30 Vict. c. 103. s. 2., and 33 & 34 Vict. c. 83. s. 12.

7o. Expiring Laws Continuance [U.K.]

Continues the following Acts (and Acts amending the same), as in Schedule

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27., Linen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland).

2 & 3 Vict. c. 74., Unlawful Societies (Ireland).

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89., Poor Rates (Stock in Trade).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30., Survey of Great Britain.

4 & 5 Vict c. 35., Copyhold, &c. Commissions.

4 & 5 Vict c. 59., Application of Highway Rates.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123., Lunatic Asylums (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict c. 32., Landed Property Improvement (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98., Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict c. 32., County Cess (Ireland).

11 & 12 Vict c. 107., Sheep and Cattle Diseases.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104., Episcopal, &c. Estates.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102., Corrupt Practices Prevention.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 36., Preservation of the Peace (Ireland).

2$ & 24 Vict c. 19., Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict c. 109., Salmon Fishery (England).

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97., Salmon fisheries (Scotland) *

26 & 27 Vict c. 105., Promissory Notes.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 9., Malt for Animals.

27 & 28 Vict c. 20., Promissory Notes, &c. (Ireland).

27 & 28 Vict. c. 92., Public Schools.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46., Militia Ballots Suspension.

28 & 29 Vict c. 66., Malt Duty.

28 & 29 Vict c. 83., Locomotives on Roads.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52., Prosecution Expenses.

30 & 31 Vict c. 36., Chester Courts.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 126., Railway Companies (Scotland).

30 & 31 Vict. c. 127., Railway Companies.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 141., Master and Servant

31 & 32 Vict. c. 82., Endowed Schools.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 76., Militia Pay.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125., Election Petitions, &c.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21., Election Commissioners Expenses.

34 & 35 Vict c. 87., Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

34 & 35 Vict c. 105., Petroleum.

76. Railway Regulation (Returns of Signal Arrangements, <fec.) [U.K.]

Amends 3 & 4 Vict. c. 97., 1 -r, -r, i x-

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55.1} Ra, lwfty Re&uktion-

Applies Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

Summary Procedure Act, 1864.

Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, &c.

77. Royal Natal Artillery Volunteer Force [E. & S.]

Applies Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

Part V. of the Volunteer Act, 1863, as extended by section 17 of Regulation of the Forces Act, 1871.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

Summary Procedure Act, 1864.

Ch.

78. Sanitary Act, 1866, Amendment (Ireland) [L]

Amends section 30 of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90., so far as it relates to Ireland.

Construes Act with 29 & 30 Vict. c. 90., so far as it relates to Ireland.

79. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation) [U.K.]

80. Duke of Edinburgh's Annuity [U.K.]

81. Langbaurgh Coroners [E.]

82. Small Penalties (Ireland) [I.]

Repeals all provisions of any Act authorising, in case of nonpayment of penalty not exceeding 51., a longer term of imprisonment than is provided by this Act.

83. Telegraphs [U.K.]

Explains and amends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 110., "1

34 & 35 Vict. c. 75., J

35 & 36 Vict. c. 83., Pensions Commutation.

84. Militia Pay and Storehouses [U.K.]

Amends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 76., 1

32 & 33 Vict. c. 66.; jMlllt, aPay-

section 10 of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 68., Military Forces Localization.

85. Merchant Shipping [U.K.] Amends, and in part repeals,

99 99 99

99 99 99

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104., "J

18 & 19 Vict. c. 91., I Merchant Shipping 25 & 26 Vict. c. 63., f Acts, 1854-71.

, , 34 & 35 Vict. c. 110., J

Applies County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868., Court of Admiralty (Ireland) Act, 1867.

Foreign Jurisdiction Acts.

86. Elementary Education Act, 1870, Amendment [E.]

Amends, and in part repeals, 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75., Elementary Education Act, 1870.

Repeals 18 & 19 Vict. c. 34. (Denison's Act), and substitutes other provisions.

Amends section 12 of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 118., Industrial Schools.

Applies 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16., Commissioners Clauses.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., Summary Jurisdiction.

87. Endowed Schools Act, 1869, Amendment [E.]

Amends, and in part repeals, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 56.

Excepts Elementary Schools from 32 & 33 Vict. c. 56., and applies thereto section 75 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

88. Slave Trade [U.K.]

Repeals Acts relating to Treaties with Foreign States as described in the Schedule.

[These Acts will be found in their Chronological Order in Table B. — See page xlv. et $eq.-]

xliv Effect of Legislation. 36 & 37 Vict.

Table A. — Acte of 36 & 37 Vict.* (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Applies 36 & 37 Vict. c. 59., Slave Trade (East Africa, &c.)

section 268 of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104., Merchant Shipping.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 24., Vice-Admiralty Courts.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 24., Naval Agency and Distribution.

Incorporates Act with the unrepealed portions of 5 Geo. 4. c. 113., Slave Trade Act, 1824.

Extends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 52. (Extradition Act, 1870,) to Slave offences.

89. Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 70.

90. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance [E. & S.]

Repeals and continues Acte as in Schedule.

91. Statute Law Revision [U.K.]

Repeals (with Savings) the Enactments described in the Schedule.

[These Acts will be found in their Chronological Order in Table B. — See page xlix et seq.-\

1873.

Effect of Legislation.

xlv

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 36 & 37 Vict.

Note. — The Repeals effected by the "Statute Law Revision Act" (Chapter 91.), are made the Subject of a separate Chronological Arrangement, which will be found commencing at page xlix. posted.

Act repealed or amended.

4 & 5 Anne c. 32. (Private)

33 Geo. 3. c. 21. (I.) in part -

42 Geo. 3. c. 90. s. 107. - "I

c. 91. s. 103.

49 Geo. 3. c. 120. s. 38. -I

59 Geo. 3. c. 16.

1 Geo. 4. c. 112.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83.

c. 113. in part

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 54. -

c. 74.

9 Geo. 4. c. liii.

10 Geo. 4. c. 24.

c. 50.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 55.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 42.

c. 59.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 24. - -J

c. 72.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 60.

c. 61.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 6.

c. 13. s. 29.

c. 71. ss. 40., 42. c. 81.

c. 116. -c. 116. s. 125.

Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 36 & 37 Vict.

Lichfield Chapter - . Amended 64

Roman Catholic Relief Repealed 21

(Dublin University Tests)

Militia - Repealed 68

Slave Trade Treaty with Repealed 88

the Netherlands.

Portpatrick Harbour Repealed 14

Vagabonds — Gaming Abolition of the Slave" Amended 38

Trade -

Slave Trade Treaty with 1 Sweden - - f Repealed 88

Slave Trade convention

with Brazil Blackwater Bridge Amended 46 and 47

Government Annuities Amended 44

Crown Lands — Mining Amended 36

Leases. Bounties upon the seizure Repealed 88

of Slaves.

Allotments to Cottagers - Amended 19

Government Annuities -Slave Trade Conventions"! Amended 44

with France

Slave Trade Treaty with France and Sardinia - 1 Slave Trade Treaty with j Repealed 88

France and Denmark -

Slave Trade Treaty with

Spain -J Pay of Irish Constabulary Amended 74

Tithe Commutation Amended 42

Treaties, &c. with Foreign Repealed 88

Powers for suppression of the Slave Trade.

Grand Jury Presentments Amended 34

(Ireland). Grand Jury Presentments Repealed 51

(Ireland) — Superannua-

tion.

Act repealed or amended.

Subject-matter.

How

affected.

Chapter of 36 & 37 Vict.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 62.

1 & 2 Vict., c. 39.

?» c. 40.

>* c. 41.

M c. 47.

) > c. 83.

99 c. 84.

%> c. 87. m

>9 c. 102. m

2 & 3 Vict. c. 54.

M c. 62. ss .26., 33. I

99 c. 73.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 15. ss, 18., 19.

99 c. 44. s. 5.- -

99 c. 64.

99 c. 67.

99 c. 97.

99 c. 113. - -I

4 & 5 Vict. c. 39. - -J

5 & 6 Vict. c. xxiv.

99 c. 40.

99 c. 41.

9$ c. 42.

c. 55.

99 c. 59.

99 c. 91.

99 c. 94.

Treaties with Foreign Powers for Suppression of the Slave Trade Slave Trade Convention with France and the Hans Towns -Slave Trade Treaty with Sweden Slave Trade Treaty with the Netherlands - Treaties, &c. with Foreign Powers for Suppressing the Slave Trade Slave Trade Conventions with France and Tuscany -Slave Trade Conventions with France and the two Sicilies -Highland Schools -Treaties with Foreign 1 Powers for the Sup- I pression of the Slave f Trade -J

Custody of Infants Tithe Commutation Suppression of the Slave Trade.

Tithe Commutation Prisons (Ireland) — Superannuation.

Treaties with Foreign Powers for Suppression of the Slave Trade Slave Trade Treaty with Venezuela Railway Regulation

Ecclesiastical Duties, &c.

Severn River — Salmon Fishing.

Slave Trade Treaty with the Argentine Confederation Slave Trade Treaty with Hayti -Treaties with Foreign States for Suppressing the Slave Trade Railway Regulation Treaties with Foreign-'* States for Suppression of the Slave Trade - > Suppression of the Slave!

Defence of the Realm

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

Repealed

Amended

Amended

Amended

Amended

Repealed

Amended

Repealed

Amended

88

53

88

i

12

42

88

42

51

88

76

39 and 64 64 71

88

76

88

72

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 36 & 37 Vict.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 101., c. 114. - 6 & 7 Vict. c. 14. Importation of Slaves into' India by Sea -Slave Trade (Portugal) -Slave Trade Treaty with \

c. 15., c. 16. Bolivia - -Slave Trade Treaty with Texas Slave Trade Treaty with Uruguay Repealed 88

c. 18. c. 46., c. 50. Registration of Voters Treaties with Foreign" Powers for Suppression of the Slave Trade Slave Trade Treaty with Austria, Prussia, Russia Amended 70

c. 51., c. 52., c. 53. Slave Trade Treaty with Mexico - Slave Trade Treaty with Chili ... Slave Trade Treaty with Portugal Repealed 88

c. 77., c. 98. s. 3. - Cathedral Churches(Wales) Su^pnression of the Slave"| Amended 39

7 & 8 Vict. c. 26. Treaties with Foreign S Powers for Suppression [of the Slave Trade - J Repealed 88

c. 81. 11 & 12 Vict. c. 116. -, c. 128. - Marriages (Ireland) Slave Trade Treaty with the Equator -Slave Trade Treaty with Amended 16

12 & 13 Vict. c. 84. Muscat - - )> Slave Trade Treaties with Chiefs in the Persian Gulf - Repealed 88

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 19. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Repealed 2

c. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Amended 30

c. 94. -16 & 17 Vict. c. 16. - Ecclesiastical Commissioners Slave Trade Treaty with Amended 64

c. 17. - Sohar in Arabia - 1 Slave Trade Treaty with f New Granada - -J Repealed 88

c. 45. - Government Annuities - Amended 44

c. xlvii. - Severn River — Salmon Fishing. Amended 71

c. 107. s. 189. - Customs Consolidation — Slave Trade. Repealed 88

17 & 18 Vict. c. 31. - Railway and Canal Traffic Amended 48

, c. 104. - Merchant Shipping . Amended & repealed in part. 85

18 & 19 Vict. c. 34. - Education of Pauper Children. Repealed 86

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 36 & 87 Vict.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 85. - Slave Trade Treaties with Repealed 88

Chiefs in the Sherbro

country.

c. 91. - Merchant Shipping Amended 85

19 & 20 Vict. c. 68. s. 23. - Prisons (Ireland) Super- Repealed 51

annuation.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 90. - - Medical Practitioners . Amended 55

22 Vict. c. 26. - - Superannuation - - Amended 23

22 & 23 Vict. c. 22. s. 5. - Pay of Irish Constabulary Amended 74

23 & 24 Vict. c. 93. s. 42. Tithe Commutation . Amended 42

c. 112. - Defence of the Realm Amended 72

c. 124. - Ecclesiastical Commissioners Amended 64

c. 144. - . Matrimonial Causes Amended 31

24 & 25 Vict. c. 106. - - Portpatrick Harbour . Repealed 14

c. 109. - Salmon Fishery - Amended & repealed 71

in part.

c. 127. 8.1. - Treasury Chest Fund Crown Private Estates - Repealed 56

25 & 26 Vict. c. 37. - Amended 61

c. 40. - - African Slave Trade Treaty Repealed 88

c. 63. - - Merchant Shipping - Amended 85

& repealed

in part.

c. 69. in part - Harbours Transfer (Port- Repealed 14

patrick).

c. 90. - - African Slave Trade Treaty Repealed 88

c. 93. - - Thames Embankment - Amended 40

26 & 27 Vict. c. 27. - . Marriages (Ireland) - Amended 16

c. 34. - - African Slave Trade Treaty Repealed 88

c. 122. s. 4. - Circuits of the Judges . Repealed 70

27 & 28 Vict. c. 43. - - Government Annuities . Amended 44

28 & 29 Vict. c. 85. - - Procurators (Scotland) . Repealed 63

c. 121. - Salmon Fishery - - Amended & repealed 13 and 71

in part.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 32. - . Matrimonial Causes . Amended 31

c. 62. - - Crown Lands . Amended 57

c. 90. s. 30. Sanitary Act 1866 (Ireland) Amended 78

c. 103. s. 2. - Pay of Irish Constabulary Amended 74

c. 118. s. 12. - Industrial Schools . Amended 86

30 & 31 Vict. c. 57. - - Blackwater Bridge - Amended 46 and 47

c. 111.8.4. - Militia Reserve - . Amended 68

c. 130. s. 4. in Agricultural Gangs - Repealed 67

part.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 51. - - Fairs . Repealed 37

c. 52. - - Vagabonds — Gaming Amended 38

c. 76. - . Militia Pay . Amended 84

c. 110. -, c. 118. - - Telegraphs Public Schools Amended Amended 83 41 and 62

c. 119. - - Regulation of Railways . Amended 48

c. cxi. - Thames Embankment - Amended 40

32 & 33 Vict. c. 2. Brazilian Slave Trade Repealed 88

c. 56. - - Endowed Schools - - Amended 7 and 87

& repealed

in part.

1873. Effect of Legislation. xlix

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. | Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 36 8s 37 Vict.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 66. - Militia Pay Amended 84

c. 73. - - Telegraphs Amended 83

c. 76. - - Slave Trade (Zanzibar) - Repealed 59

33 & 34 Vict. c. 40. - _ New Zealand Loans Amended 15

c. 43. - - Customs — Sugar (Isle of Repealed 29

Man).

c. 52. - . Extradition Amended 60 and 88

c. 70. - _ Gas and Water Facilities - Amended # 89

if c. 76. - _ Elementary Education Amended 86

a c. 82. - Canada Defence Loan Repealed 45

if c. 83. s. 12. Pay of Irish Constabulary Amended 74

c. 88. -34 & 35 Vict. c. 65. - - Telegraphs Juries (Ireland) - Amended Amended 83 27

a c. 76. - - Telegraphs Amended 83

a c. 93. - _ Epping Forest Merchant Shipping Amended 5

if c. 110. - - Amended & repealed 85

in part.

35 & 36 Vict. C. 20. 88. 10., 11. Income Tax; Repealed 18

c. 25. - - Juries (Ireland) - Amended 27

c. 33. - _ Ballot Act, 1872 - Amended 2 and 30

9f c. 62. s. 78. part, c. 65. in part in Education (Scotland) Repealed 53

» _ Bastardy Laws Amendment Repealed 9

59 c. 68. s. 10. - Military Forces Localization Public Health — Cambridge Amended 68 and 84

99 c. 79. s. 4. - Amended 73

c. 83. - - Pensions Commutation - Amended 83

* 9 c. 84. s. 3. - Revising Barristers Repealed 70

c. 95. - - Epping Forest Amended 5

36 8s 37 Vict. c. 2. - Polling Districts (Ireland) Amended 30

Repeals effected by the Statute Law Revision Act (36 & 37 Vict. c. 91).

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91.

Subject-matter.

15 Geo. 2. c. 30. 42 Geo. 3. c. 90. s. 82.

c. 91. in pt. 44 Geo. 3. c. 54. s. 41.

47 Geo. 3. Sees. 2. c. 41.

48 Geo. 3. c. 140. in pt.

c. 144. 49 Geo. 3. c. 120. \ 8s. 35., 139. J 51 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c, 3., 4. c. 5. c. 6.

Marriage of Lunatics.

Militia (England).

Militia (Scotland).

Yeomanry and Volunteers (Great Britain).

East India Company.

Justice of the Peace (Dublin Metropolis). Protection of Oyster Fisheries, &c. (England),

Militia (Ireland).

Care of His Majesty's Person.

Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, &c. Exchequer Bills.

Treasury Bills (Ireland).

Population of Great Britain.

e

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict c. 91. Subject-matter.

51 Geo. 3. c. 8., 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. Mutiny. Improvement of the City of Dublin. Duty on Coals imported into the Harbour of Dublin, &c. Drawbacks and Bounties on Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

c. 13. c. 14. c. 15. c. 17. c. 18. c. 19. c. 24. c. 25. c. 27. c. 28. c. 29. c. 31. c. 33. c. 40. Drawbacks, &c. on Sugar. Bounty upon British and Irish Linens exported. Exchequer Bills. Militia. Indemnity. Expenditure, &c. in Military Departments, &c. Clearance of Vessels, Port of London, &c. Payment of Creditors (Scotland). Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff. Rates to Innkeepers, &c. on quartering Soldiers. Bringing of Coals, &c. to London and Westminster. Duty on Copper imported. Weaving Blue Stripes in British Calicoes. Limiting Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland.

c. 41. s. 1. c. 42. c. 44. c. 45. c. 46. c. 47. c. 51. c. 53., 54. c. 60. c. 63. c. 64. in pt. c. 70. c. 75. in pt. c. 76. c. 78. in pt. c. 80. c. 81. c. 84. c. 85. c. 86. c. 88. c. 90. c. 91. c. 92. c. 94. c. 95. c. 99. c. 103. in pt. c. 107., 108., 109. c. 111. c. 112. c. 113. c. 114. in pt. c. 117. c. 118. in pt. c. 119. Felony. Distillers of Spirits. Duty on Linen imported. Ships Rooms in the Town of Saint John, Newfoundland, &c. Quarantine. Treaty of Commerce, &c. with Portugal. Prizage and Butlerage of Wines (Ireland). Exchequer Bills. Duties on Hats made in Ireland, &c. Transportation. East India Company. Hat Duty (Great Britain). Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India. Duties on Horses. Militia (Ireland). Parish Apprentices. Inquiry into Fees, &c. in Public Offices (Ireland). Coal and Corn Meters of the City of London. Exchequer Bills. Exportation and Importation. Treasury Bills (Ireland). Militia (Ireland). Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents (Ireland). Tolls on Stage Coaches (Ireland). Preservation of Timber. Excise Duties. Elections of Members of Parliament. Army (Half Pay). Militia. Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva. Exchequer Bills. Lotteries. Militia. Appropriation. Militia. Justice of the Peace (Metropolis).

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict c. 91. Subject-matter. m

51 Geo. 3. c. 121. c. 122. c. 123. c. 124. c. 125. c. 126. c. 127. c. 128. 52 Geo. 3. c. 1. c. 3. c. 4., 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 10. c. 11. in pt. c. 12. c. 13. c. 15. c. 17. c. 19. c. 20. c. 21. c. 22., 23. c. 25. c. 28. in pt. c. 31. c. 33. c. 38. in pt. c. 40. c. 41. c. 43. c. 45. c. 47. c. 50. c. 54. c. 57. c. 61. c. 65. c. 66. in pt. c. 67. c. 68. in pt. c. 69. c. 73. c. 74. c. 78. c. 80. c. 83., 84. c. 86. c. 89. c. 90. c. 91. c. 92. c. 95. in pt. c. 105. in pt. c. 111., 112. Drawbacks on Spirits. Bogs in Ireland. Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Frivolous Arrests. Insolvent Debtors (England). Westminster Elections. Gold Currency, &c. Militia. Duties on Malt, &c. Distillation of Spirits. Exchequer Bills. Civil List. Expenses of Prince Regent. Regulation of the King's Household during His Illness. East India Company. House of Commons Offices. Embezzlement of Public Stores. Insolvent Debtors. Bounty on Sugar. Preservation of the Peace. Lotteries. Importation of Tobacco, &c. Validity of certain Oaths. Mutiny. Drawbacks, &c. on Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. Militia (Ireland). Repeal of 39 Eliz. c. 17. against lewd and wandering Persons. Importation of Timber. Militia. Grants of Offices. Inquiry into Expenditure in Office of Works, &c. Quartering of Soldiers. Exportation of Spirits. Distillation of Spirits (Ireland). Gold Currency, &c. Duties on Glass. Annuities to the Princesses. Excise Duty on Spirits, &c. Use of Sugar in brewing Beer. Public Offices. Provision for Family of Right Hon. Spencer Perceval. Militia (Scotland). Duties and Drawbacks on Importation and Exportation. Relief of the Poor (England). Drainage of Bogs in Ireland. Commissioners of Appeal in Revenue Causes (Ireland). Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. Militia. Exchequer Bills. Duty on Copper imported. Treasury Bills (Ireland). Preservation of the Peace (Ireland). Fees in Public Offices (Ireland). Assessed Taxes. Militia. Militia Pay, &c. e 2

Act repealed by 86 & 37 Vict c. 91. Subject-matter.

52 Geo. 3. c. 113. c. 114. c. 121., 122. c. 125. c. 127. c. 129. c. 132. c. 133. c. 134. in pt. c. 137. c. 143. in pt. c. 146. in pt. c. 148. c. 149. c. 151. s. 3. c. 152. Treasury Bills (Ireland). Exchequer Bills. East India Company. Lotteries. Making of Starch, &c. from Wheat, &c. National Debt Commissioners. Paymaster General. Population (Ireland). Butter Trade (Ireland). Loans or Exchequer Bills. Capital Punishment. Parish and other Registers. Keeper of the Privy rurse (Sale of Stock). Sale of Coffee, &c. Army Pensions, &c. Regulation of Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia.

c. 154. c. 155. in pt. c. 160. c. 162. c. 163. c. 164. c. 165. 53 Geo. 3. c. 1. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 12. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. c. 17. c. 23. c. 24. s. 4. c. 25. c. 26., 27. c. 28. in pt. c. 29. in pt. c. 31. c. 32. Appropriation. Religious Worship and Assemblies. Parochial Relief to Prisoners. Preservation of the public Peace. Relief of Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Exchequer Bills. Relief of Insolvent Debtors (England). Use of Sugar in Brewing. Gold Currency. Insolvent Debtors (England). Distillation from Corn. Importation into the West Indies. Care and Management of His Majesty's Estate. Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, &c. Exchequer Bills. Mutiny. Prohibition of making of Starch from Wheat, &c. Administration of Justice. Marine Mutiny. Exchequer Bills. Militia (England). Militia (Scotland). Sugar Duties. Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

c. 35. c. 39. c. 40. c. 42. c. 43. c. 45. c. 46. c. 54. c. 64. in pt. c. 65. c. 67. c. 70. c. 73. c. 74. Redemption of the National Debt. Transportation of Offenders in England and Scotland. Wages of Artificers, Labourers, &c. Exchequer Bills. Quartering of Soldiers. Exportation of Brass and other Metal. Butter Trade (Ireland). Sale and Brokerage of Offices. Court of Session (Scotland). Payment of Creditors (Scotland). Importation and Exportation. Duties on Glass, Hides, Tobacco, and Snuff. Duties of Excise, &c. on Tobacco (Ireland). Duty on Malt (Ireland).

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

53 Geo. 3. c. 76. c. 78. c. 79. c. 80. c. 81. in pt. c. 83. c. 88. c. 89. in pt. c. 90., 91. c. S3, c. 94. c. 96. c. 99. c. 101. c. 102. c. 109. c. 110. c. 118., 119. c. 122. c. 123. in pt. c. 127. in pt. Roads (Ireland). Preventing improper Persons having Arms (Ireland). Militia (Ireland). Treasury Bills (Ireland). Militia. Diet furnished to Soldiers on a March. Dealers in Exciseable Articles. Writs for Election of Members of Parliament. Militia. Lotteries. Duty on Spirits made from Corn or Grain in Ireland. Militia. Offences committed by Soldiers abroad. Royal Canal Company (Ireland). Relief of Insolvent Debtors. Duties on Glass made in Great Britain. Importation into the Isle of Man. Exchequer Bills. Renunciation by Spencer Perceval of his Pensions. Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. Ecclesiastical Courts in England, and Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes.

c. 130. c. 131. in pt. c. 132. as. 1., 3. c. 135. c. 136. c. 138. c. 139. c. 142. in pt. c. 144. s. 2. c. 146. c. 151. c. 152. c. 153. 8. 2. in pt. c. 154. as. 1., 2. c. 155. in pt. c. 157. c. 160. c. 161. c. 162. 54 Geo. 3. c. 2. c. 6. c. 7. c. 9. c. 10. c. 13. c. 18. c. 19. c. 22. c. 23. c. 24. c. 25. c. 26., 27. c. 28. c. 29. Inquiry into Public Offices (Ireland). Court Houses and Sessions Houses (Ireland). Militia of the Tower Hamlets. Bringing Coals, &c. to London and Westminster. Appropriation. Relief of Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Exempting Bankers and others from certain Penalties. Land Tax. Inland Navigation (Ireland). Post Roads, &c. (Ireland). Registrar of the Admiralty and Court of Appeals for Prizes. Westminster Elections. Annuities to the Judges on Resignation of their Offices. Pensions at Kilmainham Hospital, &c. East India Company. Grant to John Palmer, Esquire. Doctrine of the Holy Trinity. Exchequer Bills, &c. Imprisonment with Hard labour in Cases of Felony. Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, &c. Stay of Proceedings in Actions against Spiritual Persons. Drawbacks, &c. on Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. Distillation of Spirits in Scotland. Interchange of the British and Irish Militias. Aid to Russia and Prussia, &c. Exchequer Bills. Local Militia (Great Britain). Preservation of the Peace. Relief of Insolvent Debtors (England). Bounties on Sugar. Mutiny. Duties of Customs on Madder imported. Relief of Insolvent Debtors (England). Duty of Customs on Brandy imported, e 3

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict c. 91. Subject-matter.

54 Geo. 3. c. 30. c. 31. c. 33. c. 35. c. 38. c. 39. c. 40. c. 41, c. 44. c. 47. c. 49. Transportation of Offenders in England and Scotland. Marine Mutiny. Preservation of the Peace (Ireland). Importation and Exportation (East India). London Militia. Exchequer Bills. Drawback on Exportation^ Wine. Importation of Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland. Actions against Spiritual Persons. Dealers in Coffee. Importation and Exportation to and from the West Indies, &c.

c. 51. c. 52. c. 53. c. 54. c. 55. c. 56. in pt. c. 57. c. 58. c. 61. in pt. c. 62., ss. 1-3. c. 68. in pt. c. /0. c. 71. c. 73. c. 74. c. 75. c. 78. c. 79., 80. c. 81. c. 83. c. 92. in pt. Importation of Cochineal and Indigo. Gold Currency. Exchequer Bills. Actions against Spiritual Persons. Quartering of Soldiers. Art of making Models and Casts of Busts, &c. Exportation of Articles of the British Plantations. Protection of Trade during Hostilities with America. Discharge of Duty by Public Officers. Public Infirmaries or Hospitals (Ireland). Ecclesiastical Courts (Ireland), &c. Land Revenue of the Crown. Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva. Duties of Excise in Great Britain. Lotteries. Treasury Bills (Ireland). Removal of Wool within a certain Distance of the Sea. Exchequer Bills. Duties on Importation of Merchandize into and from Ireland. Treasury and Public Accountants (Ireland). Stamp Duties on Probates and Letters of Administration (Ireland).

c. 94. c. 96. s. 1. Annuities to Judges of the Courts of Session, &c. (Scotland). Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices.

c. 98. c. 99. c. 100. c. 105. c. 107. c. 108. c. 111. c. 112. c. 114. c. 115. c. 123. in pt. c. 125. c. 127. Accounts of Public Expenditure in France. Restrictions on Payments of Cash by Bank of England. Duties on Importation of Articles of the British Plantations. Duties and Taxes levied in the East Indies. Indentures for binding of Parish Apprentices, &c. Penalties for burying in Woollen. Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, &c. (Ireland). | Fever Hospitals (Ireland). Relief of Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Burning of Land, and destroying of Vermin (Ireland). Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops. Importation of Masts, Yards, &c. from North America. Exportation to Foreign Parts from Scotland and Ireland of Linen Cloth.

c. 130. c. 132. c. 134. c. 135. c. 149. Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. House Duty (Ireland). Asiatic Seamen arriving in the Kingdom. Stage Coaches (Ireland). 1 Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict c. 91. Subject-matter.

54 Geo. 3. c. 152. Making, keeping, and carriage of Gunpowder within Great Britain.

c. 157. c. 158. c. 159. in pt. c. 160. c. 162. c. 165. c. 166. c. 167. c. 168. Regulating the Business of the Office of Works, &c. Incitement to Mutiny. Regulation of the Ports, Harbours, Dockyards, Arsenals, &c. Annuity to the Princess of Wales. Annuity to Lord Beresford. Annuity to Lord Hill. Annuity to Lord Lynedoch. Appropriation of Supplies. Attestation of Instruments of Appointment, &c. made in exercise of Powers in Deeds, &c.

c. 170. as. 8., 9. c. 171. Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor, &c. Fines, Penalties, &c. incurred in relation to the Customs or Excise.

c. 172. c. 173. in pt. c. 175. c. 176., 177. c. 173. C. 179. 8. 1. c. 180. c. 182. Duties upon Distillers Wash, Spirits, &c. (Scotland). Land Tax. Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England. Militia Pay, &c. Yeomanry Corps, &c. (Ireland). Militia (Ireland). Unlawful Combinations or Conspiracies (Ireland). Trade of Malta, and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain.

c. 184. c. 186. c. 188. c. 189. c. 190. 55 Geo. 3. c. 3. Examination of Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues. Apprehension and Trial of Offenders. Exchequer Bills. Militia Pay (Great Britain). Land Tax Commissioners. Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff in Great Britain, &c.

c. 4., 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8., 9. c. 11. c. 15. c. 18. c. 19. in pt. c. 20. c. 21. c. 27. c. 28. c. 30. c. 32. c. 33. c. 34. c. 38. c. 39. c. 40. c. 41. Exchequer Bills. Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange. Duties of Excise on Glass (Ireland). Importation of Goods in Neutral Ships. Privileges of Foreign Ships. Support of His Majesty's Household during His Indisposition. Annuity to Lord Walsingham. Duties of Excise upon Licences, &c. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Duties of Excise in Great Britain. Restrictions on Payments in Cash by Bank of England. Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Sweets, Tobacco, &c. Customs Duties, Drawbacks, &c. on Sugar. War Duties of Customs on Importation into Great Britain. Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain. Removal of Bleaching Powder made in Ireland into England. Greenland Whale Fisheries. Treasury Bills (Ireland). Restrictions on Cash Payments by Banks of England and Ireland.

c. 42. in pt. c. 44. c. 47. c. 48. Trial by Jury (Scotland). Prize Vessels and Goods (Ireland). Maintenance of the Poor in England, &c. Clergymen in Gaols and Houses of Correction.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

55 Geo. 3. c. 50. in pt. c. 51. in pt. c. 52. c. 53. c. 54. c. 63. c. 64. c. 65. in pt. c. 70. in pt. c. 71. in pt. c. 73. c. 75. c. 70. c. 77. c. 84. in pt. c. 85. c. 86. c. 89. in pt. c. 90. in pt. c. 91. c. 93. Gaol and other Fees. County Rates. Copper imported into Great Britain. Duties on Property, &c. in Great Britain. Aliens. Duty on British-made Wine or Sweets. Gratuities by the East India Company. Militia of Great Britain. Records of the Court of Session (Scotland). Hawkers and Pedlars (Scotland). Lotteries. Discoveries of Longitude at Sea. Local Militia. Embodying the British and Irish Militia. East Indies. Foreign Enlistment. Importation of Masts and Timber for Naval Purposes. Court Houses and Sessions Houses (Ireland). Limitation of Actions against Canal Companies (Ireland). Costs in Cases of Felony (Ireland). Duties on Silk Handkerchiefs imported by East India Com-

c. 97. c. 98. c. 102. c. 104. in pt. c. 108. c. 113. c. 115. in pt. pany. Salary of Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh. Select Committee on the Downpatrick Election. Duties on Leather dressed in Oil. Excise Licences (Ireland). Mutiny. Duties, &c. on Glass. Convention between the King of the Netherlands and the Emperor of Russia.

c. 117. Importation in Neutral Vessels of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

c. 126. C. 127. s. 1. c. 130. c. 131. c. 132. c. 139. c. 146. c. 147. in pt. c. 148., 149. c. 150. c. 154. c. 155. c. 156. c. 158. c. 161. ss. 1-3. c. 162. c. 164. c, 165., 166., 167. c. 171. c. 173. c. 175. c. 178. c. 180. c. 182. Allowances to Foreign Officers. Embezzlement of Public Stores. Pay of the Forces serving Abroad. Accounts of the Paymaster General. Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland. Duty of Excise in Ireland upon Spirits. Traae with French Colonies. Exchange of Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands. Exchequer Bills. Names of the Land Tax Commissioners. Quartering of Soldiers. Duties on Spirits, &c. (Scotland). Transportation of Offenders. Grand Jury Presentments for Constables (Ireland), &c. Assessed Taxes, &c. (Scotland). Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Epsom Salt. Duties on Foreign Spirits imported. Militia Pay and Clothing, &c. Punishment for inciting to Mutiny or Disobedience. Protection of Trade during Hostilities with France .: Bringing of Coals, &c. to London and Westminster, j Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. Bounty on Exportation of Silk Manufactures of Great Britain, t Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the Shannon.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

55 Geo. 3. c. 183. Bounties in Ireland on Exportation of Calicoes and Cottons.

c. 184. in pt. Stamp Duties on Deeds.

c. 185. in pt. Stamp Office Duties on Advertisements, &c.

c. 187. Appropriation.

c. 189. Allowance of Duty to Meux and Co.

c. 193. Trade and Commerce with the United States of America.

c. 196. Exchequer Bills.

56 Geo. 3. c. 1. Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

c. 2. Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

c. 3. Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, &c.

c. 4. Exchequer Bills.

c. 6. Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices.

c. 8. Trade and Commerce with the Cape of Good Hope.

c. 10. Mutiny.

c. 11. Marine Mutiny.

c. 12., 13. Naturalization of the Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

c. 14. Advance by Bank of England for the Public Service.

c. 16. Offices of Receivers of Crown Rents.

c. 17. Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

c. 18. Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain.

c. 19. Bounty on double refined Sugar exported.

c. 20. Customs and Port Duties, and Excise, and Taxes (Ireland).

c. 21. Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange.

c. 22. For more effectually detaining in Custody Napoleon Buonaparte.

c. 23. Intercourse with Saint Helena during Napoleon Buonaparte's detention.

c. 24. Establishment of the Princess Charlotte Augusta and Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

c. 27. Transportation of Offenders.

c. 28. Exchequer Bills.

c. 30. Indemnifying the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland.

c. 31. Navy and Victualling Contracts.

c. 32. Quartering of Soldiers.

c. 36. Importation of Wrought Goods and other Articles.

c. 38. Local Militia Ballots.

c. 40. Restrictions on Payments of Cash by Bank of England.

c. 41., 42. Treasury Bills (Ireland).

c. 43. Allowances of Duties on Malt and Beer.

c. 45. Local Militia Pay in Great Britain.

c. 46. in pt. Better Regulation of the Civil List. Treasury Bills (Ireland).

c. 47.

c. 48. Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

c. 50. in pt. Sale of Farming Stock taken in Execution.

c. 52. s. 2. Exchange of Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands.

c. 53. Enabling National Debt Commissioners to grant Life Annuities.

c. 54. Exchequer Bills.

c. 55. in pt. Inland Navigation (Ireland).

c. 58. in pt. Manufacture of a Liquor for colouring Porter.

c. 61. Lotteries.

c. 64. in pt. Militia of Great Britain.

c. 65. Duties on Profits arising from Property, &c. Enabling Soldiers, &c. to exercise Trades.

c. 67.

c. 69. Duties of Customs on Madder imported.

c. 71. Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents (Ireland).

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

56 Geo. 3. c. 72. c. 76. c. 87. in pt. Yeomanry Corps, &c. (Ireland). Bounties on Exportation of Refined Sugar. Proceedings of Grand Juries in Ireland upon Bills of Indictment.

c. 90. c. 92. Militia Pay (Great Britain). Exportation of Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the United States.

c. 95. c. 96. in pt. c. 98. in pt. Transfer of Stock of the dissolved College of Hertford. Advance by Bank of England. Consolidation into one Fund of the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland.

c. 102. c. 104. in pt. c. 105. Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England. Prevention of Smuggling, &c. Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland.

c. 106. c. 107. c. 108. c. 109. c. 111. c. 116. in pt. c. 120. in pt. c. 121. c. 122. Duties payable in Scotland upon Spirits. Inventory Duties in Commissanr Courts (Scotland). Duties of Excise on Beer and Malt, &c. Bounty on Exportation of Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. Duty and Drawback on Spirits distilled in Ireland. Abolition of Gaol and other Fees. Annual Returns of Persons committed, &c. in Ireland. Militia Pay (Ireland). Office of Clerk of the Pleas of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland).

c. 123. c. 124. c. 125. (except as to Scotland). c. 126. c. 131. c. 139. in pt. c. 142. 57 Geo. 3. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. c. 5. c. 6. in pt. c. 7-c. 8. c. 9. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 15. Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices. Bringing of Coals, &c. to London and Westminster. Malicious Injuries, &c. Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Preservation of the Peace. Binding of Parish Apprentices. Appropriation. Cape of Good Hope Trade, &c. Exchequer Bills. Habeas Corpus Suspension. Duties on Malt. Treasonable Practices and Attempts. Inciting Soldiers, &c. to Mutiny or Disobedience. Coffee Duties, &c. Barracks, and Comptroller of the Barrack Department. Court of King's Bench. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Bounty on the Exportation of Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

c. 16. c. 17. c. 19. in^t. c. 23! c. 25. in pt. c. 26. c. 27. c. 31. c. 34. in pt. Exchequer Bills. Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores. Preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies. Preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. Importation of Cochineal and Indigo. Assessed Taxes, &c. Grant of Life Annuities by National Debt Commissioners. Duties of Customs on Buck Wheat imported. Lotteries. Exchequer Bills.

Act repealed by 36&S7 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

57 Geo. 3. c. 35. c. 38. c. 40. c. 41. in pt. c. 42. c. 43. c. 44. s. 2. c. 45. c. 47. c. 50. c. 53. in pt. c. 56. in pt. c. 57. in pt. c. 60. c. 62. in pt. c. 64. in pt. c. 69. c. 70. in pt. c. 72. c. 78. c. 80. c. 81. c. 84. c. 85. c. 100. in pt. Mutiny. Preservation of the Peace. Illicit Distillation (Scotland). Offices of the Paymaster General and Secretary at War. Exportation of Salt in American Ships coming in Ballast., Bounties on Sugar refined otherwise than by claying. Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry. Continuation of Persons in Offices. Annuity to Lord Colchester. Preservation of the Peace in Ireland. Murders and Manslaughters in Places abroad. Forfeited Recognizances (Ireland). Training and Quotas of the Militia. Offices in the Court of Exchequer in England. Abolishing Offices and regulating others in Ireland. Abolishing Offices and regulating others in Scotland. Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland. Impugning the Doctrine of the Holy Trinity (Ireland). Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland. Quartering of Soldiers. Exchequer Bills. Treasury Bills (Ireland). Offices of the Exchequer in England and Ireland. Importation of Cork. Exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Institutions from Land Tax, &c.

c. 101. c. 102., 103. c. 104. c. 109. Frivolous and vexatious Arrests. Militia Pay. Militia (Ireland). Abolishing the Subsidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies, &c. (Ireland).

c. 110. c. 114. c. 120. c. 124. in pt. c. 126. c. 132. 58 Geo. 3. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland. Bringing of Coals, &c. to London and Westminster. East India Company. Exchequer Bills, &c. Destroying Stocking Frames. Appropriation. Habeas Corpus Suspension. Grand Jury Presentments (Ireland). Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, &c.

c. 4. c. 6. c. 7. c. 9. c. 10., 11. c. 12. c. 14. c. 15. c. 22. c. 25. c. 26. c. 28. in pt. c. 30. in pt. c. 31. in pt. Exchequer Bills. Indemnity, Apprehension of suspected Persons. Indemnity, Importation and Exportation. Duties of Customs on Madder imported. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Circulation of Dollars and Tokens issued by Bank of England. Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights Fisheries. Quartering of Soldiers. Annuity to the Duchess of Cumberland. Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland. Use of Sikes's Hydrometer instead of Clarke's. Frivolous and vexatious Actions of Assault and Battery, &c. Building and repairing Court Houses and Sessions Houses (Ireland).

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict c. 91. Subject-matter.

58 Geo. 3. c. 32. c. 37. c. 40. c. 45. in pt. c. 47. in pt. c. 50. c. 52. c. 53. c. 55. c. 57. in pt. c. 58. c. 59. c. 60. c. 62. c. 63. c. 66. s. 2. c. 69. s. 5. c. 71. c. 73. in pt. c. 78. c. 81. s. 3. c. 83. c. 84. c. 86. c. 87. c. 88. c. 90. c. 91. Salaries of Chaplains in Houses of Correction. Restrictions on Payments of Cash by Bank of England. Yeomanry Corps (Ireland). Building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. Fever Hospitals, &c. (Ireland). Duties on Distillation of Spirits (Scotland). Preservation of the Peace. Annuity to the Duke of Kent. Duties of Customs on Madder imported. Duties of Excise in Ireland upon certain Licences. Militia Pay. Militia Pay (Ireland). Restrictions on Payments in Cash by Bank of Ireland. Bringing of Coals, &c. to London and Westminster. Importation of Tobacco. Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. Regulation of Parish Vestries. Lotteries. Payment of Regimental Debts, &c. Collection of the Duties on Malt, &c. (Ireland). Executors under the Age of Twenty-one, &c. Hiring of Ships by East India Company. Marriages solemnized within the British Territories in India. Exchequer Bills. Treasury Bills (Ireland). Public Works Loan. Care of King's Person during His Illness. Inauiry concerning Charities in England for Education of the Poor.

c. 96., 97. c. 101. 59 Geo. 3. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. Aliens. Appropriation. Care of King's person during His Illness. Westminster Parliamentary Elections. Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, &c.

c. 4. C. 7. s. 17. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10. c. 12. in pt. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. s. 12. c. 19. c. 20. c. 22. c. 23., 24. Exchequer Bills. Regulating the Cutlery Trade in England. Aliens. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Amending the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. Exportation of Wool from British Plantations in America. Importation into Ireland from East Indies. Treaty with Netherlands relating to the Slave Trade. Produce of the Consolidated Fund. Exchequer Bills. Care of the King's Royal Person during His Indisposition. Restriction on Cash Payments by Banks of England and Ireland.

c. 26. c. 31. c. 32. c. 33. c. 34. c. 35. in pt. c. 39. Quartering of Soldiers. Claims of British Subjects against the Government of France. Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, &c. Importation into Great Britain from East Indies. Waterloo Subscription Fund. Trial by Jury in Civil Causes (Scotland). Payments into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict c. 91.

Subject-matter.

59 Geo. 3. c. 40.

c. 43. c. 44. c. 46. c. 47. c. 49. c. 54.

c. 58. c. 60. s. 6.

c. 61. c. 65. c. 67. c. 70. c. 72. c. 73.

c. 75. c. 76. in pt. c. 79. c. 81. c. 84. in pt. c. 87-c. 88. c. 89. c. 90. c. 92. in pt. c. 93. c. 99. c. 101. c. 106. c. 107. in pt.

c. 112. c. 114. c. 116. c. 117. c. 129. c. 130. c. 131. c. 132. c. 133. c. 134. in pt. c. 135. in pt. c. 138.

60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. \ c. 1. in pt. J c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. ss. 5-7. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. in pt.

c. 11. in pt.

Securing Spiritual Persons in the Possession of Benefices. Contribution by Marquis Camden in aid of the Public Service. Punishment of various Offences abroad.

Abolishing Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony, &c. Barnstaple Election.

Restrictions on Cash Payments.

Convention of Commerce with the United States of America, &c.

Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service. Admission of Persons into Holy Orders specially for the Colonies.

Gaols of Burghs (Scotland).

Lotteries.

Examination of Accounts of Colonial Revenues, &c.

Repeal of Acts of Parliament of Scotland regarding Duelling. Duty of Excise on Tobacco (Ireland).

Importation of Wrought Goods, and Exportation of Gunpowder.

Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland.

Advances by Bank of England for the Public Service. Bringing of Coals, &c. to London and Westminster.

Inquiry into Charities (England).

Grand Jury Presentments (Ireland).

Duties of Excise on Malt (Ireland).

Duties of Excise on Malt (Great Britain).

Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.

Duties on Soap, &c. (Great Britain).

Justices of the Peace (Ireland).

Office of Clerk of the Pleas of the Exchequer (Ireland). Restrictions on Cash Payments by the Bank of Ireland. Transportation of Offenders.

Duties of Excise upon certain Licences, &c.

Permits for Conveyance and Protection of certain Goods in Ireland.

Bounty on Exportation of Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. Duty on Spirits made in New South Wales, &c.

Militia Pay (Great Britain).

Militia Pay (Ireland).

Insolvent Debtors (England).

Insolvent Debtors (Ireland).

Exchequer Bills.

Treasury Bills (Ireland).

Appropriation.

Building of additional Churches in populous Parishes, Roads, Bridges, and Ferries in Scotland.

Commissioners of Land Tax.

Preventing the training of Persons to Use of Arms, &c.

Authorizing Justices to seize and detain Arms.

Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, &c. Administration of Justice in Cases of Misdemeanor. Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

Controverted Elections (Ireland).

Prevention and Punishment of blasphemous and seditious Libels.

Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

60 Geo. 3.& 1 Geo. 4. \ c. 12. J c. 13. c. 14. Continuing such Laws as may expire within a limited Period. Mutiny. Remedying certain Inconveniences in local and exclusive Jurisdictions.

1 Geo. 4. c. 1. c. 2. Civil List. Enabling His Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

c. 3. c. 5. 8. 3. c. 6. a. 2. Relief of Insolvent Debtors (England). Transfer of Stock in Suits in Equity, &c. Enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands.

c. 10. c. 11. c. 15. c. 16. c. 18. c. 19. c. 20. c. 24. c. 25. c. 27. in pt. c. 31. c. 33. c. 38. c. 39. c. 44. c. 46. c. 47. c. 48. c. 50. c. 51. c. 52. c. 53. Appropriation. Regulating Trade with the Cape of Good Hope, &c. Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton. Laws of Excise with regard to Glass. Aliens. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Preservation of the Peace. Manufacture of Sail Cloth. Office of Clerk of the Peace in Ireland. Exchequer Bills. Greenland Whale Fisheries. Quartering of Soldiers. Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland. Consolidated Fund. Treasury Bills (Ireland). Preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. Yeomanry Corps (Ireland). Removal of Negro Slaves from the Bahamas to Demerara. Rebuilding the Town of St. John's, Newfoundland. Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, &c. Allowing Santa Maria Wood and Teake Wood to be imported free of Duty.

c. 54. c. 55. in pt. c. 57. s. 1. c. 59. c. 60. in pt. c. 62. c. 63. c. 64. c. 65. c. 66. c. 67. c. 68. s. 8. c. 71. Bringing of Coals, &c. to London and Westminster. Proceedings in the Court of King's Bench, &c. Public Whipping of Female Offenders. Coffee, and Dealers in Coffee. Public Works Loan. Duty on Spirits, New South Wales. Bounty on Linens, &c. Bounty on Sugars, &c. Examination of Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues. Office of a Justice of the Peace in the Metropolis, &c. Duties on Coals carried Coastwise. Court of Exchequer Chamber (Ireland). The New Street Act, and better Management of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

C. 74. c. 76. c. 77. c. 79. c. 81. c. 86. c. 92. s. 3. Duties upon Wash and Spirits (Scotland). Prohibiting the Sale in England of certain Spirits. Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland, &c. Allowances to Brewers in Ireland, on account of Malt Duty. Public Works Loan. | Militia Pay. 1 Prevention of forging and counterfeiting of Bank Notes.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

t Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

1 Geo. 4. c. 93. c. 94. c. 95. c. 96. c. 9/. c. 100. in pt. c. 104. c. 105. c. 108. ss. 1., 2. c. 110. c. 111. c. 116. 1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 1. c. 3. c. 4. c. 6. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 18. c. 21. c. 22. ss. 4., 5., 7-c. 25. c. 28. 8.4. c. 31. in pt. c. 32. c. 33. in pt. Wages of Artificers, Workmen, and Labourers. Population of Great Britain. Returns from Turnpike Road Trusts of their Revenues, &c. ' Militia Pay (Ireland). Relief of Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Militia of the City of London. Grant for Erection of a Barrack. Aliens. Annuities to certain of the Royal Family. Exchequer Bills. Appropriation. Capital Punishment for certain Offences. Provision for Queen Caroline. Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, &c. Supply. Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain. Duty on Spirits made in New South Wales. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Bounties on Exportation of Silk Manufactures. Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. Glass Duties. Witchcraft and Sorcery (Ireland). Disfranchising Borough of Grampound, &c. Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in Great Britain. Quartering of Soldiers. Abolishing the African Company, &c. Continuance of the Hereditary Revenue in Scotland. Validity of certain Indentures of Apprenticeship, &c. Asylums for the Lunatic Poor, and Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offerees, in Ireland.

c. 36. in pt. c. 38. in pt. Regulation of the Public Notaries in Ireland. Proceedings in the Court of Session, and Court of Commissioners for Teinds (Scotland), &c.

c. 39. c. 41. s. 4. Regulation of the Courts of Admiralty in Scotland, &c. Nuisances from Furnaces used in the working of Steam

c. 42., 43. c. 44. s. 3. Engines. Militia Pay. Excluding Persons holding certain Offices in Ireland from being Members of the House of Commons.

c. 47. c. 48. in pt. c. 52. in pt. c. 53. in pt. c. 54. in pt. Borough of Grampound Disfranchisement, &c. Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors. Land Revenues of the Crown and of the Duchy of Lancaster. Court of King's Bench and Common Law Courts (Ireland). Office of Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius or Judge's Registrar in Ireland.

c. 56. c. 58. in pt. c. 59. c. 61. c. 64. c. 66. 8. 5. Better Relief and Employment of the Poor. Expenses of Elections of Members for Ireland. Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. Prize Money, East India Company. Vagrants. Regulating the Fur Trade and establishing Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction in certain Parts of North America.

c. 68. c. 71. c. 72. in pt. | Coal Yards in Dublin and Cork. Exchequer Bills. Bank of Ireland. f 2

lxiv Effect of Legislation. 36 & 37 Vict.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91.

Subject-matter.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 77-in pt. c. 78. s. 2. c. 79. in pt. c. 80. c. 81. c. 82.

c. 83.

c. 90.

c. 92.

c. 95. c. 100.

c. 101. c. 106. c. 111. c. 112. in pt. c. 116. c. 117. c. 118. c. 119. c. 122. c. 123. 3 Geo. 4. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8. c. 11. c. 13. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. in pt. c. 18. in pt. c. 20. c. 21. c. 22. c. 27. c. 29. c. 30. in pt.

c. 31. c. 33. s. 17. c. 34. c. 36. c. 37. c. 41. c. 42. c. 46. ss. 1., 12.

c. 48. c. 52. in pt.

Payment of Gaol Fees (Ireland).

Acceptances of Bills of Exchange.

British White Herring Fishery.

Treasury Bills (Ireland).

Registry of Wool sent Coastwise.

Allowance of Drawback to Distillers of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland.

Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only for Home Consumption in Scotland.

Inquiry into Collection and Management of the Revenue in Ireland.

Exchange of Lands, &c. subject to Trusts for Charitable Purposes.

Consolidated Fund.

Exportation of Hops, and Drawback of Excise Duty paid thereon.

Bounty on Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures (Ireland). Duties of Customs on Importation from the East Indies. Public Works Loan.

Stamp Duties.

Provision to certain discharged Officers of the Customs. Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

Office of Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis. Provision for the Duke of Clarence.

Appropriation.

Land Tax Commissioners.

Suppression of Insurrections (Ireland).

Habeas Corpus Suspension (Ireland).

Indemnity for seizing Arms (Ireland).

Importation of Arms, &c. into Ireland, &c.

Duties on Sugar, Tobacco, Sec. (Great Britain).

Supply.

Exchequer Bills.

Marine Mutiny.

Mutiny.

Land Tax Commissioners.

Aliens.

Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

Excise Duty on Malt.

Quartering of Soldiers.

Fever Hospitals, &c. (Ireland).

Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland.

Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Excise Licenses.

Payment of Creditors (Scotland).

Duty on Malt (Scotland).

Duties and Drawbacks on Malt, Beer, and Spirits.

Damages by unlawful and malicious Offenders.

Employment of the Poor in certain Districts in Ireland. Duty and Drawbacks of Excise on Malt (Ireland).

Inquiry into the Collection, &c. of the Revenue in Ireland. Importation and Exportation.

Importation of Gooas and Merchandise.

Return and levying of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, See. Tonnage Duties of Customs on Ships or Vessels.

Duties in Scotland upon Wash and Spirits made from Corn or Grain, &c.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict 37 Vict. C. 91.

Subject-matter.

3 Geo. 4. c. 53.

c. 54. c. 56. c. 59. c. 62. in pt.

c. 63. in pt.

c. 65. c. 67. c. 69. in pt. c. 72. in pt. c. 75. s. 1. c. 76. c. 77.

c. 78. c. 79. in pt. c. 80. c. 82. c. 83. c. 84. c. 86. in pt.

c. 87. c. 88. in pt.

c. 90.

c. 94. c. 97. c. 99. c. 104. c. 106. c. 111.

I

c. 112. c. 114. in pt.

c. 118. c. 120., 121. c. 122. c. 124. c. 126. in pt. c. 127.

4 Geo. 4. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. s. 2. c. 6. c. /. in pt. c. 8. c. 9. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14. c. 15.

Manufacture and Sale of roasted Corn, Peas, Beans, &c. Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths and Windows (Ireland), Sec. His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland.

Duties on Coals and Culm carried Coastwise.

Fees chargeable in the General Register House at Edinburgh, &c.

Sale of Quit Rents and other Rents, &c., the Property of the Crown, in Ireland.

Consolidated Fund.

Excise Licences.

Fee9 of Officers of the Courts of Record at Westminster. Building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

Better preventing of Clandestine Marriages.

Drawback of Duty on Malt used by Distillers in Scotland. Licensing of Alehouses in England, &c.

Leases, See. of Lands, &c. Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall. Regulation of Endowed Schools in Ireland.

Suppressions of Insurrections, &c. (Ireland).

Duties of Excise on Salt, &c. (England).

Duties and Drawbacks on Leather, &c.

Advances of Money for Relief of Distress in Ireland.

Public Works Loan.

Trial of Middlesex Issues.

Land and Assessed Taxes and Appointment of Receivers General.

Exportation of Silk Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

Duties and Drawbacks on Malt, &c.

Aliens.

Customs Duties on Salt.

Greenland Seas Fishery, &c.

Duties on Sugar imported from the East Indies.

Exportation of Spirits distilled from Com for Home Consumption in Scotland, to Parts beyond Seas.

Public Works Loan.

Punishment of certain Offences by Imprisonment with Hard Labour.

Advances for Support of Commercial Credit (Ireland). Militia Pay.

Exchequer Bills.

Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

Turnpike Roads (England).

Appropriation.

Duties on Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, &c.

Exchequer Bills.

Validity of certain Marriages.

Supply.

Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland.

Payment of Creditors (Scotland).

Duties on Servants, Horses, and Carriages (Ireland). Assessed Taxes.

Marine Mutiny.

Mutiny.

Preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. Yeomanry Corps (Ireland).

Toll on Carriages laden with Lime for Improvement of Land.

f 3

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

4 Geo. 4. c. 19. in pt. c. 20. c. 21. c. 28. c. 30. c. 31. c. 33. in pt. c. 36. 83. 2., 3. c. 37. s. 2. c. 38. Reduction of the National Debt. Quartering of Soldiers. Supply. Militia (Ireland). Duties of Excise, &c. Profane Cursing and Swearing. County Treasurers (Ireland). Granting of Leases in Joint Tenancy (Ireland). Return and Levying of Fines, Penalties, &c. Compensation to the Holders of Law Offices abolished in Ireland.

c. 40. in pt. c. 42. c. 43. c. 46. in pt. Linen and Hempen Manufactures (Scotland). Advances in Support of Commercial Credit (Ireland). Presentments by Grand Juries for Payment of Public Officers. Repealing certain Capital Punishments, and providing other Punishments in lieu.

c. 47. Employment of Male Convicts under Sentence of Transportation.

c. 51. c. 53. c. 55. in pt. c. 56. c. 57. c. 58. c. 59. c. 60. in pt. c. 61. in pt. c. 63. c. 68. c. 71. in pt. c. 72. Consumption of Beer and securing Excise Duties thereon. Extending the Benefit of Clergy to several Larcenies. Election of Members of Parliament (Ireland). Roads, Bridges, and Ferries (Scotland). Duties and Drawbacks on Barilla. Suppressing Insurrections, &c. (Ireland). Militia Pay. Lotteries. Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery (Ireland). Public Works Loans for building, &c. Gaols in England. Land Tax Commissioners. Retiring Pay, Pensions, &c. of Forces serving in India. Customs Duties (Ireland) on Importation and Exportation of Foreign and Colonial Goods, &c.

c. 73. Recovery of Damages for Malicious Injuries to Property (Ireland).

c. 76. s. 1. c. 77. c. 80. in pt. Solemnization of Marriages in England. Goods imported or exported in Foreign Vessels. Trade within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, &c.

c. 82. c. 85. Removal of Convicts from the General Penitentiary. Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland, and

c. 87. in pt. c. 89. s. 2. Appeals from the Court of Sessions to the House of Lords. Administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland. Expense of certain Proceedings in the Courts of Justice in Ireland.

c. 94. in pt. Duties of Excise upon Spirits distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, &c.

c. 95. in pt. c. 97. in pt. c. 99. c. 100. 5 Geo. 4. c. 2. c. 3. c. 7. Laws for regulating Turnpike Roads in England. Regulation of the Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh, &c. Compositions for Tithes in Ireland. Exchequer Bills. Exchequer Bills. Supply. Inquiry into the Collection and Management of the Public Revenue.

c. 12 s. 18. Building, &c. of Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict c. 91. Subject-matter.

5 Geo. 4. c. 13. c. 14. c. 15. c. 19. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Duties on Sugar, Tobacco, Snuff, &c. Confinement of Male Convicts removed from the General

c. 22. IJenitentiary. Duties on Articles the Manufacture of Great Britain and

c. 23. c. 25. in pt. c. 27. c. 29. c. 31. c. 33. c. 36. in pt. c. 37. c. 38. in pt. Ireland respectively, on Importation. Commissioners of Board of Works (Ireland). Burials (Ireland). Bills of Costs of Proctors (Ireland). Elections, &c. of County Treasurers (Ireland). Quartering of Soldiers. Militia Pay. Exchequer Bills, Public Works Loan. Aliens. Military and Parliamentary Roads in the Highlands of Scotland.

c. 40. c. 42. c. 48. Duties of Excise on Glass, &c. Supply. Payment of Loan due to the Royal Exchange Assurance Company, &c.

c. 51. c. 54. c. 55. c. 56. c. 57. c. 58. c. 59. c. 63. c. 65. c. 66. c. 67. in pt. c. 68. in pt. c. 72. s. 7. c. 74. in pt. c. 78, in pt. c. 82. in pt. c. 83. ss. 1., 2. Fisheries upon the Banks and Shores of Newfoundland. Duties on Licences to brew and to retail Beer, &c. Duties on Hides, Skins, Leather, &c. Preventing private Distillation in Scotland. Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, &c-Commission for enquiring concerning Charities. Restoration of John Francis Erskine of Mar. Compositions for Tithes in Ireland. Duties and Laws in respect of Salt and Rock Salt. Wages of Persons employed in the Manufacture of Silk. Administration of Justice in Newfoundland. Celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland. Augmenting Parochial Stipends in certain Cases in Scotland. Uniformity of Weights and Measures. Leasing 01 Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, &e. Regulating the Office of Clerk of the Parliaments. Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, and Rogues and Vagabonds.

c. 84. in pt. c. 89. Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain. Relief of Incumbents of Livings or Benefices mortgaged for building, &c.

c. 90. in pt. Additional Places of Worship in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland.

c. 93. Presentments by Grand Juries in Ireland for Payment of Salaries of Public Officers.

c. 94. c. 96. s. 1. c. 97. c. 102. in pt. Prosecutions by Commissioners of Customs or Excise. Arbitration of Disputes between Masters and Workmen. Repeal of Laws relative to Artificers going into Foreign Parts. Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, &c., Dublin Metropolis.

c. 103. in pt. c. 105. Building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. Suppressing Insurrections and preventing Disturbances (Ireland).

c. 108. c. 110. East India Company and Straits Settlements. Unlawful Weights (Ireland).

lxviii Effect of Legislation. 36 & 37 Vict.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by A

36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

5 Geo. 4. c. 113. in pt. I c. 114. c. 115.

6 Geo. 4. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. I c. 7- in pt. c. 9. in pt. I

c. 10.

c. 11. c. 12. in pt. c. 14. c. 20.

v c. 22. s. 22.

c. 23. in pt. c. 24. c. 25.

c. 29. c. 30. in pt.

c. 31. c. 32. in pt. c. 33. c. 34. c. 35. ss. 1-7* c. 37.

c. 42. in pt.

c. 43. c. 45. c. 47. ss. 3-5.

c. 48. in pt.

C. 52.

c. 54. s. 2.

c. 55. c. 57. s. 1. c. 58. in pt.

c. 54. c. 65. c. 68.

c. 70.

c. 71.

c. 72. c. 78. s. 1. c. 80. in pt. | c. 81. in pt.

Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Marine Assurances, and lending Money off Bottomry. Exchequer Bills.

Supply.

Exchequer Bills.

Unlawful Societies (Ireland).

Mutiny.

Marine Mutiny.

Assessed Taxes.

Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, &c.

Commission of Inquiry relating to Courts of Justice in Ireland.

Payment of Creditors in Scotland.

Uniformity of Weights and Measures.

Supply.

Quartering of Soldiers.

Jurors (Scotland).

Sheriff and Stewart and Burgh Courts (Scotland).

Recovery of Small Debts in the Sheriff Courts (Scotland). Defining Rights of Capital Convicts who receive Pardon and of Convicts after having been punished for Clergyable Felonies, &c.

Importation of Thrown Silk.

Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery (Ireland). Militia Pay.

Assessments for Land Tax in Great Britain.

Dissolution of the Levant Company.

Duke of AtholTs Rights, Isle of Man.

Advances for carrying on Public Works (Ireland). Assimilation of Duties of Excise cupon Sweets or Made Wines, &c.

Better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers (Ireland).

Impounding of Distresses (Ireland).

Enrolment of Articles of Clerkship to Solicitors and Attornies. Punishment of Leasing-making, Sedition, and Blasphemy (Scotland).

Recovery of Small Debts (Scotland).

Presentments by Grand Juries for Payment of Salaries of Public Officers in Ireland.

Asylums for the Lunatic Poor (Ireland).

Sealing of Writs in the Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Settlement of the Poor, &c.

Rates of Excise Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks on Beer, Malt, and Spirits made in Scotland or Ireland.

Duty on Wheat the Produce of North America.

Entry of Warehoused Corn, &c. for Home Consumption. Conveyance by Post of printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers.

Exchequer Bills.

Annuity to the Duke of Cumberland.

Annuity to the Duchess of Kent.

Quarantine.

Duties in respect of Spirits distilled in England, &c.

Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland.

1873. Effect of Legislation. lxix

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

6 Geo. 4. c. 82. in pt. Abolishing the Sale of Offices in the Court of King's Bench in England, &c.

c. 83. in pt. Abolishing the Sale of Offices in the Court of Common Pleas in England, &c.

c. 84. in pt. Salaries of the Master of the Rolls, the Vice-Chancellor of England, &c.

c. 85. in pt. Salaries and Pensions to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts in India, &c.

c. 86. in pt. c. 87. in pt. c. 88. ss. 2-4. Erection of Courts and Offices of Justice inr Scotland. Salaries and Allowances to British Consuls at Foreign Ports. Salaries of certain Bishops and others in the Diocese of

c. 89. Jamaica, &c. Office of Receiver and Comptroller of the Seal of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, &c.

c. 91. c> 93. c. 99. Trading and other Companies. Decrees and Orders at the Rolls Court. Tables of Manors, Parishes, &c. in Ireland, and Boundaries of the same.

c. 101. c. 102. c. 103. c. 105. c. 117. c. 118. s. 7. c. 120. in pt. c. 121. c. 128. ss. 1-3. Roads and Bridges (Ireland). Deserted Children (Ireland). Naval Yard and Docks and Harbour of Leith. Repeal of Laws relating to the Customs. Excise Duties on Glass, &c. Collection of certain Duties of Excise. Regulating Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland. Insolvent Debtors Court. Advance for Payment of Debts due from the Commissioners of Wide Streets, and erecting a Corn Exchange in the City of Dublin, &c.

c. 131. c. 133. c. 134. 7 Geo. 4. c. 1. c. 2. c. 4. in pt. c. 5. c. 6. ss. 1., 2. c. 7. Societies or Copartnerships in Scotland. Regulating the Practice of Apothecaries. Appropriation. Supply. Exchequer Bills. Salaries of Bishops, &c. (West Indies). Treaties of Commerce with certain Countries in America. Issue of Promissory Notes under a limited Sum in England. Advance of Money by Bank of England upon Deposits or Pledges.

c. 10. c. 11. c. 16. in pt. c. 19. c. 23. c. 24. c. 25. c. 26. c. 27. c. 30. c. 37. c. 40. c. 41. c. 46. in pt. c. 47. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Royal Hospitals for Soldiers at Chelsea and Kilmainham. Assault and Battery pendente Lite (Scotland). Duties and Drawbacks of Excise upon Skins. Quartering of Soldiers. Preventing private Distillation in Scotland. Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions. Militia Pay. Public Works Loans. Appointment of Juries in the East Indies. Advance of Money towards rebuilding London Bridge. Recovery of Small Debts in the Manor Courts in Ireland. Copartnerships of certain Bankers in England, &c. Bounties on Exportation from Ireland of Salmon, Red Herrings, &c.

c. 48. Laws relating to the Customs, &c.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

7 Geo. 4. c. 49. c. 50. c. 51. c. 53. c. 56. in pt. c. 57. c. 58. in pt. c. 59. c. 63. ss. 1., 2. Excise Laws, &c. Exchequer Bills. Land Revenue of the Crown. Importation of Silk Goods. Writers in the Service of the East India Company, &c. Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England. Yeomanry Cavalry and Volunteers in Great Britain. Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service. Repairing, improving, and rebuilding Shire Halls, County Halls, &c.

c. 64. in pt. c. 65. c. 67. ss. 12., 16. c. 70. c. 71. c. 74. in pt. c. 79. 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. Administration of Criminal Justice in England. Licensing of Alehouses in England. Copartnerships for Banking (Scotland). Warehousing of Foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour. Admission of Foreign Corn for Home Consumption. Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland. Appropriation. Supply. Exchequer Bills. Importation of Foreign Oats, Oatmeal, Rye, Pease, and Beans, &c.

c. 4. c. 5. c. 7. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, &c.

c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 14. c. 16. c. 19. c. 22. c. 23. c. 24. s. 8. c. 25. c. 27. Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread. Further Provision for the Duke and Duchess of Clarence. Payment of Creditors (Scotland). Advance of Money for Public Works (Ireland). Quartering of Soldiers. Supply. Regulation of Vessels carrying Passengers to Foreign Parts. Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. Repair of certain Roads and Bridges in Ireland. Regulating Turnpike Roads in England. Relief of certain Spiritual Persons from Penalties, &c. Repeal of Statutes relative to Benefit of Clergy, and to Larceny, &c.

c. 31. s. 5. c. 36. c. 38. c. 39. c. 41. c. 42. c. 44. c. 45. c. 47- s. 2. c. 48. c. 50. c. 51. c. 52. in pt. Remedies against the Hundred. Deserted Children (Ireland). Presentments by Constables. Rates of Carriage of Goods. Exchequer Bills. Supply. Salary to the Judge of the Prerogative Court (Ireland). Inrolment of Articles of Clerkship, &c. Advances for carrying on Public Works. Licensing of Alehouses in England. Militia Pay. Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland. Duties of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom, and Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland, &c.

c. 53. in pt. c. 55. ss. 2., 8. Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise. Consolidation of the Boards of Stamps in Great Britain and Ireland.

c. 57. Entry of Corn, Meal, and Flour for Home Consumption.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 59. c. 60. c. 61. ss. 1., 2. c. 63. c. 65. in pt. c. 67. c. 68. c. 70. C. 72. 88. 1., 3. c. 73. Recovery of Small Debts in the Manor Courts in Ireland. Compositions for Tithes in Ireland. Butter Trade in Ireland. Mutiny, Transportation of Offenders. Explaining and removing Doubts touching the Admiralty. Petty Sessions (Ireland). Lana Revenues of the Crown (Ireland). Appropriation. Building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

c. 73. ss. 3., 5., 7. 9 Geo. 4. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 7. c. 8. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 14. s. 10. Land Tax. Supply. Exchequer Bills. Marine Mutiny. Mutiny. Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England. Lighting, cleansing, and watching (Ireland). Quartering of Soldiers. Supply. Exemption of Steam Vessels from certain Penalties. Witnesses Indemnity, Penryn Disfranchisement. Rendering a written Memorandum necessary to the Validity of certain Promises and Engagements.

C. 16. 8. 1. c. 19. c. 20. c. 23. ss. 16., 17. Grant of Life Annuities by Commissioners of National Debt. Supply. Importation of Foreign Wheat into the Isle of Man. Issue by Bankers of unstamped Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange.

c. 24. ss. 1., 12. c. 25. s. 2. Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes (Ireland). Appointment of Solicitors on behalf of His Majesty in Revenue Matters.

c. 28. Recompense of Persons holding certain high and efficient Civil Offices.

c. 29. in pt. c. 30. c. 32. in pt. c. 33. Circuit Courts of Justiciary (Scotland). Supply. Law of Evidence. Liability of Real Estates of British Subjects and others in India as Assets in the Hands of Executors and Adminis-

c. 35. in. pt. c. 36. c. 38. 8. 4. c. 39. in pt. c. 42. in pt. c. 44. in pt. trators, &c. Protection of Purchasers in Ireland against Judgments. Duties on Sugar imported. Land Tax Commissioners. Salmon Fisheries (Scotland). Abolition of Church Briefs, &c. Laws of Excise relating to Licences and Survey on Tear Coffee, Cocoa, Pepper, Tobacco, Snuff, &c.

c. 45. Rectification, &c. of Spirits, and preventing private Distillation (Scotland).

c. 46. Enabling Hotel Keepers to keep Hotels as coftimon Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses.

c. 47. 8. 7. Retail of exciseable Articles to Passengers on board of Passage Vessels.

c. 50. c. 53. Unclaimed Prize Money, blast India Company. Bail in Cases of Felony, and certain Proceedings in Criminal Cases, &c. (Ireland).

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. 1 I Subject-matter.

!) Geo. 4. c. 54.s8.14., 31. Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases in Ireland.

c. 58. in pt. Regulating the granting of Certificates by Justices of the Peace, authorizing Persons to keep common Inns, Alehouses, &c. (Scotland).

c. 61. in pt. Regulating the granting of Licences to Keepers of Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses, in England.

c. 62. in pt. Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland.

c. 66. s. 1. Laws relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

c. 67. Militia Pay.

c. 68. Laws of Excise relating to Retail Brewers.

c. 70. Woods, Forests, &c., Regent Street.

c. 71. Empowering Deputy Warden to act for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, &c.

c. 74. in pt. Administration of Criminal Justice in the East Indies.

c. 77- in pt. Regulation of Turnpike Roads.

c. 70. Military and Naval Pensions and Civil Superannuations. Issue by Bankers in Ireland of unstamped Promissory Notes.

c. 80. in pt.

c. 82. in pt. Lighting, cleansing, &c. of Cities, &c. in Ireland, in certain Cases.

c. 87. Deserted Children (Ireland).

c. 88. Butter Trade (Ireland).

c. 89. Exchequer Bills.

c. 90. Reduction of the National Debt.

c. 92. in pt. Savings Banks.

c. 95. Appropriation.

10 Geo. 4. c. 1 .: Suppression of dangerous Associations or Assemblies in Ireland.

c. 2. Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England.

c. 3. Supply.

c. 4. Exchequer Bills.

c. 5. Marine Mutiny.

c. 6. Mutiny.

c. / in pt. Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects.

c. 8. Election of Members of Parliament, and Qualification of Persons entitled to vote.

c. 9. I Quartering of Soldiers.

c. 10. ss. 1., 2. Militia Ballots Suspension.

c. 11. Payment of Creditors (Scotland).

c. 17- Newfoundland Fisheries.

c. 19. s. 3. Registration of Seisins and Reversions of Tenements within Burgh.

c. 20. Convention with Spain for Settlement of certain British Claims, &c.

c. 22. | Government of Western Australia.

c. 24. s. 52. Grant of Life Annuities by National Debt Commissioners.

c. 26. in pt. Management of Greenwich Out-Pensions and Prize Matters.

c. 28. 1 Supply.

c. 29. Militia Pay.

c. 30. Yeomanry Corps (Ireland).

c. 32. Commissioners of Excise (Scotland and Ireland).

c. 33. Irish Fisheries.

c. 35. ss. 1 .-5. Arrests upon Mesne Process (Ireland).

c. 36. I Relief of Insolvent Debtors (Ireland).

C. 37. s. 2. Coroners (Ireland).

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

10 Geo. 4. c. 38. s. 1. c. 39. c. 40. c. 44. in pt. c. 45. c. 47. c. 48. Punishment of Attempts to murder (Scotland). Duties on Sugar imported. Roads and Bridges (Ireland). Improving the Police in and near the Metropolis. Office of Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis. Preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. Sale and Transfer of certain Stocks or Funds standing in the Books of the Bank of Ireland.

c. 49. Allowing Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be refined.

c. 50. in pt. Management, &c. of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenue of the Crown, &c.

c. 54. c. 57. Reports respecting Gaols in Scotland. Commission for inquiring concerning Charities in England and Wales.

c. 60. 11 Geo. 4. & \ 1 Will 4. c. l.J c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 12. c. 15. Appropriation. Transfer of certain Balances on account of Lunatic Asylums Licences. Supply. Exchequer Bills. Supply. Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Indemnifying Witnesses, East Retford Disfranchisement. Relief of Vessels entering or sailing from Berwick-upon-Tweed from Duties leviable under Acts relating to the Northern Lighthouses.

c. 16. c. 17. in pt. c. 19. ingt. c. 22.C's. l! c. 23. c. 25. Duties of Excise and Drawbacks on Leather. Laws of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom, &c. Fever Hospitals in Ireland. Linen Manufacture (Ireland). Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin. Affixing by Commission Royal Signature to Instruments. Returns of Persons committed, &c. for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors.

c. 26. ss. 1.-5. Issue of Exchequer Bills for Payment of Proprietors of Four per cent. Annuities, &c.

c. 28. c. 29. c. 30. c. 31. ss. 3., 5. c. 32. ss. 2., 5. Supply. Militia Ballots Suspension. Population of Great Britain. Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only in Ireland. Agreement with Bank of Ireland for advancing Five hundred thousand Pounds, &c.

c. 33. c. 36. 8. 1. c. 37. s. 1. c. 38. c. 39. s. 8. c. 41. 88. 1., 6. c. 42. s. 1. c. 47. 8. 1. c. 50. c. 51. in pt. c. 52. Relief of Insolvent Debtors (Ireland). Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, &c. Criminal Trials (Scotland). Relief of Insolvent Debtors (England). Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain, Army Pensions. Office of Treasurer of the Navy. Payment of Debts out of Real Estate. Duties on Sugar imported. Duties on Cyder and on Beer and Ale. Militia Pay. g

Act repealed by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 91. Subject-matter.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 54. in pt. J c. 58. ss. 1., 6. Reviving, continuing, and amending several Acts relating to the Fisheries. Receipt and Appropriation of Fees and Emoluments, Common Law Courts.

c. 61. c. 62. c. 63. c. 64. in pt. c. 65. in pt. Applotment of County Rates and Cesses (Ireland). Supply. Appropriation. Sale of Beer and Cyder by Retail in England. Laws relating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, &c.

c. 69. in pt. c. 70. in pt. c. 72. Jury Trial in Civil Causes. Administration of Justice in England and Wales. Allowing Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be I refined.

c. 75. 1 Relief of Sufferers by Insolvency of Gilbert Ricketts.

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

36 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act for legalizing certain Marriages solemnized in Cove Chapel in Pitt Portion in the parish of Tiverton, Devon.

[13th March 1873.]

WHEREAS in or about the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six the ancient consecrated chapel called Cove Chapel, situate in Pitt Portion in the pirish of Tiverton in the county of Devon, in which banns of matrimony and marriages might have been lawfully published and solemnized respectively, was wholly taken down, in consequence of its dilapidated condition, and rebuilt on a different site within the ancient chapel yard belonging thereto, but such new chapel was not consecrated or licensed for the solemnization of marriages:

And whereas divers banns of matrimony and marriages have been published and solemnized respectively in such new chapel, and doubts have been entertained as to the validity thereof by reason of the said new chapel not having been consecrated or licensed as aforesaid, and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L None of the banns of matrimony or marriages heretofore Marriages published or solemnized in the said new chapel shall be in- solemnized in valid by reason of the same having been published or solem- not in^aHd^&c, nized in a church or chapel not duly consecrated or licensed for marriages; and the minister or ministers who solemnized the said marriages respectively shall not be liable to any ecclesiastical censure or to any proceedings or penalties whatsoever by reason thereof.

2

Ch. 2.

Polling Districts (Ireland).

36 Vict.

Confirmation of orders.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to make special provisions in relation to the Constitution of certain Polling Districts at Parliamentary Elections in Ireland.

[13th March 1873.]

WHEREAS the chairman of quarter sessions and the justices of the peace having jurisdiction in each county and riding of a county in Ireland assembled at special sessions, appointed and held in pursuance of the provisions of section eighteen of the Ballot Act, 1872, have made orders dividing such counties and ridings respectively into polling districts, and appointing in such districts respectively places for taking the poll at contested elections for members to serve in Parliament for such counties respectively; but such orders will not be of any validity until the same are confirmed in manner by the said section prescribed:

And whereas it is expedient to accelerate the confirmation of such orders, and to make such other provisions as are in this Act contained:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The following provisions with reference to the confirmation of the said orders made before the passing of this Act, and to the publication of the same, shall be in force and have effect, and the same shall, in relation to the said orders, be substituted for the provisions contained in'sub-sections eight, nine, and ten of section eighteen of the Ballot Act, 1872:

(1.) It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to confirm all or any of the said orders, either as the same now stand or with such variation, alteration, or modification as may seem fit, and such confir-- mation shall in the case of the said orders be a

confirmation within the meaning and for the purposes of section eighteen of the Ballot Act, 1872, and every such order so confirmed shall be valid and binding:

(2.) When any such order has been confirmed as aforesaid the clerk of the Privy Council in Ireland shall transmit a copy of the same to the clerk of the peace of the county to which the same relates, and notice of the making and confirming of the said order shall be published once in the Dublin Gazette, but it shall not be necessary to publish the said order in the Dublin Gazette or otherwise.

Polling Districts (Ireland).

Ch. 2.

3

2. The provisions of sub-section eleven of section eighteen Arrangement of the Ballot Act, 1872, shall with respect to the formation for ^wpoUing the first time of the separate lists of voters in the new polling districts, districts, constituted under the said orders, confirmed in manner by this Act directed, be in force and have effect subject to the modifications following:

(1.) The precept of the clerk of the peace to the clerk of the union in pursuance of the said provisions shall be according to the form in the schedule to this Act annexed, and the return to the same shall be made in accordance with the requirements stated therein, and shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace within six days after the receipt thereof by the clerk of the union:

(2.) The directions contained in the schedule to this Act annexed in relation to the arrangement of alphabetical lists, and to the arrangement, entitling, and endorsement of lists of voters, shall be substituted for the directions in such behalf respectively under the provisions of said sub-section eleven:

(3.) In case the business of the sessions of the peace to be holden in any comity or riding of a county next after the confirmation of the orders relating to such county or riding, shall be completed before the expiration of the notice of the time and place for holding the court of revision in pursuance of the provisions of said sub-section eleven, or if for any reason such revision shall not be proceeded with at the time appointed by such notice, it shall be lawful for the chairman (and he is hereby required) to adjourn the said sessions to some future day, which shall be fixed by such chairman in such manner that the said lists shall be revised by him at some period not exceeding fourteen days from the printing of the said lists, and the said sessions shall, if necessary, be adjourned from time to time, but shall not be permitted to terminate until the said lists shall have been revised:

(4.) In the event of the sessions of the peace for any county or riding of a county, holden next after the confirmation of the orders relating thereto, being terminated before the said lists shall have been revised, it shall be lawful for the Lord/ Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to appoint special sessions to be held by the chairman of quarter sessions for such county or riding at such place (within such county or riding) and at such time as shall seem fit for the purpose of revising such lists:

4 Ch. 2. Polling Districts (Ireland). 36 Vict.

(5.) In case at any such court of revision it appears to the chairman holding the same that there is in the order relating to such county or riding, confirmed in manner aforesaid, any error, then if it shall be proved to the satisfaction of such chairman that any such error is merely clerical, he shall at once correct the same, but if any such error shall not be proved to the satisfaction of such chairman to be merely clerical he shall forthwith report the same to the clerk of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to make an order authorising such chairman to correct such error in manner to be specified in such order, and such chairman shall thereupon correct such error in conformity with such order; and such chairman shall sign his name to each such correction, upon such order so confirmed, and then and in every such case the said order shall be read and construed as if the same had originally contained the said correction:

(6.) The provisions of the said sub-section eleven and of the Act therein referred to, providing for the payment of the expenses of clerks of the peace and of clerks of unions, shall be construed to include all expenses incurred or to be incurred by such clerks respectively in carrying into effect the provisions of the said section eighteen of the Ballot A.ct, 1872.

Repeal of 3, Section forty-six of the Act passed in the session of

Vict Parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the c. 69. reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, shall be and

Courts of the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof be it enacted, heTdTaMually ^hat the chairman of every county or riding shall in every year, between the eighth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of October, both inclusive, make a circuit and hold open courts for the revision of the lists of voters in such county or riding at the several places in such county or riding at which courts for the revision of lists of voters were held in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, or at such of the said places and such other places, or at such other places as the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland may from time to time, by order to be published in the Dublin Gazette name and appoint. Every such order may specify the polling district or districts the lists of and for which shall be revised at each of such courts, and thereupon such lists shall be so revised. Every court of revision held in accordance with the provisions of this section shall be deemed to be held under the said Act passed in the

1873. Polling Districts (Ireland). Ch. 2. 5

session of Parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine.

The chairman of every county or riding shall, ten days at the least before the holding of the first court of revision, in each year, give notice to the clerk of the peace of the several times and places at which the said courts will be holden and of the several polling districts the lists of and for which will be revised at each of the said courts; and the said clerk of the peace shall forthwith cause public notice thereof to be given by advertisement in one or more of the newspapers circulating within the said county or riding, and shall cause a sufficient number of copies of the said notice to be written or printed, and published and posted in each polling district, and shall deliver or send copies thereof to the clerk or clerks of the union or unions in which the several polling districts or parts thereof are situate, and require him or them to attend at the court appointed for the revision of the list of voters relating to the said polling district or districts respectively.

4, In forming the list of rural or out-voters of any ward in Amendment of any city, town, or borough under the provisions of section nineteen of the Ballot Act, 1872, and the Act therein referred c. 33. as to to, the clerk of the peace shall exclude therefrom the names polling districts of all persons qualified in respect of property, or as occupiers °^£-voters 111 of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which property, lands, tenements, or hereditaments the chairman, recorder, or revising barrister presiding at the court of revision of the list of voters

for such city, town, or borough, held next after the passing of this Act, shall, having regard to the convenient voting at parliamentary elections of persons qualified in respect of such property, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by order under his hand declare to be part of such ward for the purpose of taking the poll at such elections. After the making of such order the names of all persons qualified in respect of such property, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any part or parts of the same, shall be inserted in the list of such ward in like manner and with the like effect as the same would, but for the provisions of said section nineteen of the Ballot Act, 1872, have been inserted in such list, and all other property, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in respect of which the names of persons are under the provisions of said section nineteen required to be inserted in the list of rural or out-voters of such ward shall, for the purposes mentioned in the said section, be deemed to constitute a separate ward.

[Short title.]

5. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873."

Cfl. 2. Polling Districts (Ireland). 36 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Clerk of the Union.

To the Clerk of the Poor Law Union of

County of

Polling district of [here state name of polling district], consisting of [here state precisely (as described in order of chairman and justices as confirmed [or if altered, as altered and corfirmed] by Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council) name of barony or baronies, half barony or half baronies, townland or townlands, parish or parishes, and places constituting such polling district].

In pursuance of the provisions of the Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873, you are herewith transmitted a copy of the order of the chairman of quarter sessions and justices of the county of [or riding of ], made on the day of

and continued [or altered and confirmed] by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and Privy Council on the day of

constituting the several polling districts situate within the county of, together with a copy in respect of each polling district situate wholly or in part within the Poor Law Union of, of the present register of voters for the barony of and half barony of [or baronies of

and half baronies of ], being every

barony and half barony from or out of which such polling district has been constituted, and you are hereby required, immediately on the receipt hereof, with the assistance of the respective collector or collectors of poor rates for the poor-law union of (which assistance the said collector or collectors are hereby required to give), to write in the margin of each of the said lists of registered voters, opposite to the name of each person whose name shall be on such list in respect of property situate wholly or in part within such poor-law union and within the said polling district, the name of the polling place of such polling district; and for the better enabling you to ascertain the half barony, parish, or other sub-division in which such property respectively may be situate, you are at liberty to refer to and make use of any tables or lists of valuations, and revisions thereof, of which any copies or copy may have been lodged with you or transmitted to the board of guardians of your union by the commissioners of valuation in Ireland. You shall sign such lists with such and no other marginal observations, and verify the same as true and correct, according to the best of your knowledge and belief, by an oath or declaration to be made by you before a justice of the peace in and for the said county, which oath or declaration any such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer or take; and you shall return the said lists so verified to me within the space of six days next after the receipt thereof by you.

Directions for Alphabetical Lists to be made by Clerks of the

Peace.

The clerk of the peace shall, from the copies of the register transmitted to him by the clerks of the respective unions, select the names of the persons entitled to vote in respect of property in each polling district, and make out and arrange the lists in alphabetical order, omitting in the margin opposite each name the name of the polling place written therein, and may entitle the same as follows:

Polling Districts (Ireland).

Ch. 2.

7

The List of Persons on the Register of Voters as entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members of Parliament for the county of,

in respect of property situate wholly or in part within the Polling District of

Margin for entering clerk or peace's objection as toother than rated occupiers. Margin or column for entering the clerk of the union's objections as to rated occupiers. Number prefixed to each name on the register. Christian name and surname at each person on the register. Place of abode. Nature of qualification. Amount of qualification or rating. Townland or other denomination, street, lane, or other like place in this polling district, and number of house (u any) where the property is situate, or the name of the property, and the name of the tenant (lr any), or if the qualification consists of a rent-charge, the name of the owners of the property out of which such rentcharge issues, or one of them, and the situation of the property.

Directions as to arrangement entitling, and endorsement of Lists of Voters of each Polling District by Clerks of the Peace.

The arrangement and entitling of lists of voters shall be according to the form following:

County of

Polling district of

Copy of the register (so far as relates to the polling district of,

consisting of [here state precisely (as described in order of chairman and justices as confirmed [or if altered, as altered and confirmed] by Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council) name of barony or baronies, half barony or half baronies, town-land or townlands, parish or parishes, and places constituting such polling district] of persons entitled to vote at any election of a member or members of Parliament for the county of until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

Margin for entering clerk of peace's, objection as to other than rated occupiers. Margin or column for entering the clerk of the union's objections as to rated occupiers. Number prefixed to each name on the register. Christian name and surname of each person on the register. Place of abode. Nature of qualification. Amount of qualification or rating. Townland or other denomination, street, lane, or other like place in this polling district, and number of house (if any), where the property is situate, or name of the property, and the name of the tenant (if any), or if the qualification consists of a rentcharge, the name of the owners of the property out of which such rent-charge issues, or one of them, and the situation of the property.

The endorsement shall be as follows: County of.

Polling district of Polling place

Ch. 3. Consolidated Fund (.£9, 317, 346 19s. 9d) 36 Vict.

Issue of 453, 346/.19s.9d. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the years ending 31st March 1872 and 1873.

Issue of 8, 864,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1874.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

[29th March 1873.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, the sum of four hundred and fifty-three thousand three hundred and forty-six pounds nineteen shillings and ninepence.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, the sum of eight million eight hundred and sixty-four thousand pounds.

3. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of nine million three hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and forty-six pounds nineteen shillings and ninepence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next

9

1873. Consolidated Ftond (, £9, 317, 346 19s. 9d) Ch. 3, 4.

succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to confirm an Agreement for a Lease by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to the Governors and Proprietors of King's College, London, of a piece of land on the Victoria Embankment annexed to Somerset House, and to give the said Commissioners further powers of leasing the said piece of land.

[29th March 1873.]

WHEREAS under section seventy-three of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, the piece of land described in the agreement set forth in Schedule (A) to this Act is annexed to and forms part of Somerset House, and by virtue of the said section and of the provisions of the Acts of Parliament specified in Schedule (B.) to this Act is under the management of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings:

And whereas the said piece of land immediately adjoins the buildings of the Governors and Proprietors of King's College, London, and they are desirous of obtaining a lease of and occupying it for the purposes of their charter, subject to the conditions specified in the said agreement, but doubts have arisen whether the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings have power to grant such lease:

And whereas it is expedient that the said agreement should be confirmed, and that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings should have such further powers of leasing the said piece of land as are herein-after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The said agreement dated the fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and set forth in Schedule (A.) to this Act, is by this Act confirmed, and shall

25 & 26 Vict. c. 93.

Agreement set forth in Schedule (A.) confirmed.

Towers of leasing after determination of agreement.

[Short title.]

Ch. 4. Victoria Embankment (Somerset House). 36 Vict.

be of the same force and have the same effect as if it were by this Act enacted, and the parties to the said agreement are hereby empowered to carry the same into effect.

2. After the determination of the lease by the said agreement agreed to be granted, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings shall have the same powers of leasing the piece of land described in the said agreement as, under the Acts specified in Schedule (B.) to this Act, they have of leasing any other of the lands under their management.

3. This Act may be cited as u The Somerset House (King's College Lease) Act, 1873."

The SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A)

An Agreement made and entered into this fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, between the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings of the one part, and the Governors and Proprietors of King's College, London, of the other part.

It is hereby mutually agreed that if an Act of Parliament enabling them to do so shall be passed before the end of the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, but not otherwise, the said Commissioners shall and will, at the request and costs of the said Governors and Proprietors of King's College, grant unto them the said Governors and Proprietors and their successors a lease of all that nearly triangular piece of ground, parcel of the Victoria Embankment, situate on the north-west side of the roadway leading from the Embankment roadway to Surrey Street, bounded towards the west and north by the terrace and buildings of King's College aforesaid, towards the east by a line continued from the east side of the buildings of the said College, and towards tho south-east in a curved line by the said roadway leading to Surrey Street, for a term of ninety-nine years, from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, determinable nevertheless as herein-after mentioned, at a yearly rent of one pound, payable on the twenty-ninth day of September in every year. And it is agreed that in such lease shall be contained a covenant on the part of the lessees not to erect or place, or permit to be erected or placed, upon the said piece of ground any building, erection, or thing whatsoever, except in accordance with plans and designs previously submitted to and approved in writing by the said Commissioners, and to keep all buildings which may be erected with such consent as aforesaid upon the said piece of ground in good and substantial repair and condition, and to deliver up the

11

1873. Victo'i'ia Embankment (Somerset House). Ch. 4.

same in such good repair and condition at the expiration or sooner determination of the said term, and to hold and use the said piece of ground, and all buildings thereon, as part of the said College as now established, and for the purposes thereof, and for no other purposes whatsoever; and a proviso or condition that if the said rent or any part thereof shall at any time remain unpaid for a space of three calendar months (whether demanded or not), or if the said lessees shall make default in observing or performing any of the covenants on their part in such lease contained, or if at any time their royal charter of incorporation shall be forfeited or annulled, or they shall do, or suffer, or omit to do any act or thing whereby the royal grant under which they hold the site of their said College shall become void or voidable, then and in any of the said cases such lease shall become void and of no effect, and the term thereby created shall cease and determine; and in such lease shall also be contained such other proper and reasonable covenants and provisions as the said Commissioners shall require: Provided always, that if for the space of three months after the passing of the said Act no buildings as aforesaid shall have been commenced, then, until such buildings shall be commenced, the said ground shall be ornamentally planted or covered with turf and inclosed within a proper and suitable iron railing.

In witness whereof the said Commissioners, and the said Governors and Proprietors of King's College, have hereunto caused their respective common seals to be affixed the day and year first above written.

Sealed with the Corporation Seal of the Governors and Proprietors of King's College, London, the fifth of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, in the presence of

J. W. Cunningham, Secretary.

SCHEDULE (B.)

15 Geo. 3. c. 33.

10 Geo. 4. c. 50.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 1.

14 <fc 15 Vict. c. 42.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 28.

Ch. 5.

Epping Forest.

36 Vict.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 93.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 95.

Time for making final report and for exercise of Commissioners powers extended.

Final report to be laid before Parliament.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to extend the time for the Epping Forest Commissioners to make their final Report.

[29th March 1873.]

WHEREAS by the Epping Forest Act, 1871, it is enacted that the Commissioners thereby appointed shall within two years from their appointment make a final report to Her Majesty on the matter referred to them, and that such report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within fourteen days after the making thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not, then within fourteen days after the next meeting of Parliament:

And Whereas additional powers were conferred upon the said Commissioners by the Epping Forest Amendment Act, 1872, which was incorporated with the said Act of 1871:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the powers of the said Acts, and to extend the time for making the said final report, and the time when such report shall be presented tg both Houses of Parliament:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In case the said Commissioners shall be unable to make their final report to Her Majesty within the period limited by the Epping Forest Act, 1871, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to make the said report at any time within two years from the passing of this Act, and all the powers conferred on the said Commissioners and on the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings respectively by the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby extended until the Commissioners shall make the said final report to Her Majesty.

2. The said final report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within fourteen days after the making thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not, then within fourteen days after the next meeting of Parliament.

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as The Epping Forest Act, 1873.

Turks and Caicos Islands.

Ch. 6.

13

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to enable Her Majesty by Order in Council to annex the Turks and Caicos Islands to the Colony of Jamaica.

[4th April 1873.]

WHEREAS by a certain Order in Council of the eleventh day of August one thousand eight hundred and forty-eight/the Islands of Grand and Salt Cay, together with the small islands immediately adjacent thereto, and which, together with the said Islands of Grand and Salt Cay, are commonly known and designated as the " Turks Islands," and the islands and cays commonly known and designated as the "Caicos Islands," together with all banks and cays situate, lying, and being to the eastward of the said Turks Islands and Caicos Islands, were' made subject to the supervision of the Captain-General and Governor-in-Chief for the time being, or officer administering the government of the Island of Jamaica:

And whereas by the said Order in Council and by another Order in Council bearing the same date, and by Letters Patent bearing date the twenty-fifth day of October one thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, provision was made for the government of the said Turks and Caicos Islands and for the supervision of the said government:

And whereas it is desirable that the said Turks and Caicos Islands should cease to have a separate government, and that they should be annexed to and form part of the said Colony of Jamaica:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order in Council, *°b^er on addresses from the Legislative Bodies of Jamaica and of Order in the Turks and Caicos Islands, to declare that the said Turks Council to and Caicos Islands shall, from a date to be therein mentioned, j^CateosS be annexed to and form part of the Colony of Jamaica, on islands to such terms and conditions as Her Majesty shall think fit to Jamaica, appoint

2. From and after such annexation the said recited Orders Repeal of rein Council and Letters Patent respectively shall cease to c^mdUnd have any force or effect, and the said Turks and Caicos Letters Patent. Islands shall, subject to such terms and conditions as Her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, be taken and deemed to be part of the said Colony of Jamaica for all purposes whatsoever.

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as u The Turks Short title, and Caicos Islands Act, 1873."

14

Ch. 7.

Endowed Schools (Address).

36 Vict.

Substitution of four months for forty days in 32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. s. 41.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to enlarge the time within which an Address by either House of Parliament against certain Schemes made under the Endowed Schools Act, 1869, may be presented to Her Majesty.

[4th April 1873.]

WHEREAS by section forty-one of the Endowed Schools Act, 1869, it is provided that after a scheme laid before both Houses of Parliament, in pursuance of that Act," has " lain for forty days before Parliament, then, unless within " such forty days an Address has been presented by one or " other of the said Houses praying Her Majesty to withhold " her consent from such scheme or any part thereof, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order tin Council to declare " her approbation of such scheme or any part thereof to which u such Address did not relate

And whereas the schemes mentioned in the schedule to this Act have been laid before both Houses of Parliament in pursuance of the said Act, and it is expedient to extend in the case of those schemes the said period of forty days to four months after the said schemes were so laid before the said Houses:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Section forty-one of the Endowed Schools Act, 1869, shall be construed, so far as it applies to the schemes mentioned in the schedule to this Act, as if " four months " had been therein inserted in lieu of " forty days," wherever those words occur in that section. '

2. This Act may be cited as the Endowed Schools (Time of Address) Act, 1873.

SCHEDULE.

Schemes to which the Act applies.

Scheme for the management of Emanuel Hospital, in the parish of St. Margaret, in the city of Westminster.

Scheme for the management of St. Margaret's Hospital, otherwise called the Green Coat School, in the parish of St. Margaret, in the city of Westminster.

Scheme for the management of the Reverend James Palmer's Almshouses and School Charity, in the parish of St. Margaret, in the city of Westminster.

Endowed Schools (Address).

Cs. 7, 8.

15

Scheme for the management of Emery Hill's Almshouses and School Charity, in the parish of St. John, in the city of Westminster.

Scheme for the management of the school founded by Francis Theobald, in Needham Marked in the county of Suffolk, in the year 1632.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to make provision for the Assessment of Income Tax, and as to Assessors in the Metropolis.

[4th April 1873.]

WHEREAS, in order to ensure the collection in due time of any duties of Income Tax which may be granted for the year commencing the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, it is expedient that the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to assessment should be applied to such duties before the same are granted:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L All such provisions contained in any Act of Parliament Application relating to the duties of Income Tax as are in force at the existing date of the passing of this Act shall have full force and effect ^c^to duties with respect to any duties of Income Tax which may be to be granted, granted for the year commencing the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, in the same manner as if such duties had been actually granted, and the said provisions had been applied thereto: Provided that nothing in this Act shall be deemed to continue or put in force sections ten and eleven of the Act of the session of the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter twenty, or to continue the rates of Income Tax granted by that Act.

2. The surveyors of taxes acting in the metropolis as The surveyors defined by " The Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869," shall ^ss^so^for0 be the assessors for any duties of Income Tax which may [nCome Tax be at any time granted and payable under Schedules (A.) and inhabited and (B.) of the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years ^Me^ropoU?, of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter thirty-four, upon any property in the said metropolis, and shall also be the assessors for the duties on inhabited houses in the said metropolis; and in lieu of the poundage granted by the several Acts in that behalf to be divided between the assessors and collectors for such duties respectively, there shall be paid a poundage of three halfpence to the collectors thereof.

Ch. 9.

Bastardy Laws Amendment.

36 Vict.

[Short title.]

Repeal of sections 6 and 8 of recited Act and Second Schedule thereto.

Revival of rights under repealed enactments.

Proof of service of

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Bastardy Laws.

[24th April 1873.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the thirty-fifth and

* thirty-sixth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter sixty-five, intituled "The Bastardy Laws Amendment Act,

1872...

And whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited Act:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited *as " The Bastardy Laws Amendment Act, 1873."

2. The sixth and eighth sections of the said recited Act and the Second Schedule thereto are hereby repealed, except as to anything heretofore duly done thereunder, and except so far as may be necessary for the purpose of supporting and continuing any proceeding taken before the passing of this Act.

3. Any woman delivered of a bastard child on or before the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, who, but for the repeal by the said recited Act of the enactments specified in the First Schedule hereto would have been entitled to apply for a summons against the putative father of such child, shall be entitled to apply for such summons as follows:

In any case in which she would have been entitled to apply at any time within twelve months from the birth of the child, she shall be entitled to apply at any time within six months next after the passing of this Act;

And in any case in which she would have been entitled to apply at any time after twelve months from the birth of the child, upon proof that the man alleged to be the father of the child had within the twelve months next after the birth of the child paid money for its maintenance, she shall be entitled to apply at any time after the passing of this Act upon the like proof;

And upon any such application the same proceedings shall or may be taken, and the same consequences, including all rights of appeal, shall or may ensue as should or might have been taken or have ensued if the said enactments had not been repealed by the said recited Act.

4. In cases where the putative father of any bastard child resides out of the petty sessional district where the mother

Bastardy Lam Amendment.

Ch. 9.

17

applies for a summons or order of maintenance, it shall be summons iu lawful to prove by affidavit in the form referred to in the certain cascs-Second Schedule to this Act, or to the like effect, that such summons or order has been duly served. Any affidavit purporting to be so made and attested shall be received in evidence, and shall be deemed to be duly made and attested until the contrary be shown.

5. When a bastard child becomes chargeable to a union or Guardians parish, the guardians may apply to two justices having juris- relief of diction in the union or parish, in petty sessions, and thereupon bastard child in such justices may summon the man alleged to be the father certain cases, of the child to appear before any two justices having the like jurisdiction, to show cause why an order should not be made upon him to contribute towards the relief of the child, and upon his appearance, or on proof that the summons was duly served on him, or left at his last place of abode, six days at least before the petty session, the justices in such petty session shall hear the evidence of the mother, and such other evidence as she or the said guardians may produce, and shall also hear any evidence tendered by or on behalf of the person alleged to be the father, and if the evidence of the mother be corroborated in some material particular by other evidence to the satisfaction of the said justices, they may adjudge the man to be the putative father of such bastard child, and they may proceed to make an order upon such putative father to pay to the guardians or one of their officers such sum, weekly or otherwise, towards the relief of the child during such time as the child shall continue or afterwards be chargeable, as shall appear to them to be proper; and any payment so ordered to be made shall be recoverable by the relieving officer, or other officer appointed to receive it, in the manner provided by the said recited Act for the recovery of payments under an order obtained by the mother: Provided as follows:

1. That no payments shall be recoverable under such order

except in respect of the time during which the child is actually in receipt of relief;

2. That an order under this section shall not be made, and

if made shall cease except for the recovery of arrears, when the mother of the child has obtained an order under the said recited Act or this Act;

3. That nothing in this section shall be deemed to relieve

the mother of a bastard child from her liability to maintain such child;

4. That any person upon whom an order is made under this

section shall have the same right of appeal against such order as in the case of an order obtained on the application of the mother;

5. That if after an order has been made under this section

the mother should apply for an order under the said

Ch, 9.

Bastardy Laws Amendment

36 Vict.

Issue of new or altered forms of proceedings.

Adjournment of proceedings where two justices not present

Orders made by justices before passing of this Act valid.

This and recited Act to be construed as one Act.

Not to extend to Scotland or Ireland.

recited Act or this Act> the order made under this section shall be prim& facie evidence that the man upon whom the onler is made i^ the father of the child.

6. The Local Government Board may issue such new or altered forms of proceedings in matters of bastardy as they shall deem necessary or expedient for giving effect to the provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act.

7. If at the time appointed for the hearing of any case in and by any summons issued under the said recited Act or this Act two justices having jurisdiction to hear the same shall not be present, it shall be lawful for any one justice then present to adjourn the hearing to a certain time and place to be then appointed in the presence of the party or parties or their respective counsel, attorneys, or agents then present; and in the meantime the said justice may suffer the defendant to go at large upon his entering into a recognizance with or without surety or sureties, at the discretion of the said justice, conditioned for his appearance at the time and place to which such hearing shall be adjourned.

8. All orders made by any justices of the peace before the passing of this Act upon the putative father of any bastard child bom before the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, for any payment to be made by such putative father in respect of such child, which would have been valid if the " Bastardy Laws Amendment Act, 1872," had not passed, and which shall not have been appealed against before the passing of this Act, shall be, and be deemed to have been, valid and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

9. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the said recited Act, and shall be construed as if the said recited Act (except such parts thereof as have been repealed or amended by this Act) and this Act were one Act.

10. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

7 & 8 Vict.

c. 101.

An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England.

Sections 2 and 3. Section 5 from " Provided always," to end of section; and section 7 to " Provided always."

Ch. 9, 10.

19

Bastardy Laws Amendment

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Affidavit of Service.

I, Ad?., one of the officers of the constabulary of the county of, make oath and say, that did, on the day of 18, duly serve the defendant with a summons

[or order], a true copy whereof is herewith annexed, marked A, by delivering the same personally to the defendant [or by leaving the same with at the place of abode of the defendant].

[I endorse the copy summons (or order) thus This paper, marked A, is the paper referred to in the annexed affidavit.]

Sworn at, in the county of, this

day of 18, before me,

J.B.,

Justice of the Peace for the said county.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[24th April 1873.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and twenty-eight thousand nine hundred and sixty-eight men, including those to be employed at the depbts in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within tins realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's service, or be guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

Number of men to consist of 128, 968, including those employed at depots in United Kingdom, but exclusive of those actually serving in India.

Articles of War made by Her Majesty to be judicially taken notice of, and copies printed by the Queen's printer to be transmitted to judges, &c.

Persons subject to this Act.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better government of Her Majesty's army, which articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges and in all courts whatsoever; and copies of the same, printed by the Queen's printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War Department to the judges of Her Majesty's superior courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the governors of Her Majesty's dominions abroad: Provided that no person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, or to be kept in penal servitude, except for crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such punishments as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any manner which shall not accord with the provisions of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any manner prejudice or affect any Articles of War or other matters made, enacted, or in force, or which may hereafter be made, enacted, or in force, under the authority of the Government of India, respecting officers or soldiers or followers in Her Majesty's Indian army, being natives of India; and on the trial of all offences committed by any such native officer or soldier or follower, reference shall be had to the Articles of War framed by the Government of India for such native officers, soldiers, or followers, and to the established usages of the service.

2. All the provisions of this Act shall apply to all persons who are or shall be commissioned or in pay as an officer, or who are or shall be listed or in pay as a non-commissioned officer or soldier, and to all warrant officers, and to all persons employed on the recruiting service receiving pay, and all pensioners receiving allowances in respect of such service, and to persons who are or shall be hired to be employed in the royal artillery, royal engineers, and to master gunners, and to conductors of stores, and to the corps of royal military surveyors and draftsmen, and to all officers and persons who are or shall be serving in the Control Department, and to officers and soldiers serving in the army hospital corps, or the army service corps, and to persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any part of Her Majesty's army at home or abroad, under the command of any commissioned officer, and (subject to and in accordance with the provisions of an Act passed in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-five,)

Ch. 10.

21

Mutiny.

to any out-pensioners of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, who may be called out on duty in aid of the civil power, or for muster or inspection, or who having volunteered their services for that purpose shall be kept on duty in any fort, town, or garrison, and to all civil officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Secretary of State for War at any of Her Majesty's establishments in the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, or at foreign stations; and all the provisions of this Act shall apply to all persons belonging to Her Majesty's Indian forces who are or shall be commissioned or in pay as officers, or who shall be listed or in pay as non-commissioned officers or soldiers, or who are or shall be serving or hired to be employed in the artillery or any of the trains of artillery, or as master gunners or gunners, or as conductors of stores, or who are or shall be serving in the department of engineers, or in the corps of sappers and miners, or pioneers, or as military surveyors or draftsmen, or in the ordnance or public works or commissariat departments, and to all storekeepers and other civil officers employed under the ordnance, and to all veterinary surgeons, medical storekeepers, apothecaries, hospital stewards, and others serving in the medical department of the said forces, and to all licensed sutlers, and all followers in or of any of the said forces; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any security which has been or shall be given by any officers, or their sureties, for the due performance of their respective offices, but that all such securities shall be and remain in full force and effect.

3. This Act shall extend to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging,

as to the provisions herein contained for enlisting of recruits, whether minors or of full age, and swearing and attesting such recruits, and for mustering and paying, and as to the provisions for the trial and punishment of officera and soldiers who shall be charged with mutiny and desertion, or any other of the offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the sentence of a court-martial, and also as to the provisions which relate to the punishment of persons who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, medals for good conduct or for distinguished or other service, clothes, military furniture, or regimental necessaries from any soldier or deserter> or who shall cause the colour of any such clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the escape of a prisoner from a military prison, or who shall introduce forbidden articles into such prison, or shall carry out any such articles, or who shall assault any officer of such prison, and also as to the provisions for exempting soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's

Provisions of this Act to extend to Jersey, Guernsey, &c.

22

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Colonial and foreign troops in Her Majesty's pay to be subject to provisions of this Act

Provision as to the militia or yeomanry or volunteer corps or reserve forces.

Power to constitute courts-martial

service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any parish any wife or child or children, or on account of any breach of contract to serve or work for any employer, or on account of any debts under thirty pounds in the said islands.

4. All officers and soldiers of any troops mustered and in pay which shall be raised and serving in any of Her Majesty's dominions abroad, or in places in possession of or occupied by Her Majesty's subjects under the command of any officer having any commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War in like manner as Her Majesty's other forces are; and if such officers and soldiers, having been made prisoners/be sent into Great Britain or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the provisions of this Act in regard to billeting soldiers shall apply to such officers and soldiers.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any militia forces or yeomanry or volunteer corps in Great Britain or Ireland, or to the reserve force provided for by "The Reserve Force Act, 1867/' or to the reserve force provided for by "The Militia Reserve Act, 1867," excepting only as herein-after enacted, or where by any Act for regulating any of the said forces or corps the provisions contained in any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such forces or corps.

6. For the purpose of bringing offenders against this Act and against the Articles of War to justice, Her Majesty may from time to 'time, in like manner as has been heretofore used, grant commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant commissions or warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the chief governor or governors of Ireland, the commander of the forces, or the person or persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the time being, any body of troops belonging to Her Majesty's army, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's garrisons and dominions or elsewhere beyond seas, for convening courts-martial, and for authorising any officer under their respective commands to convene courts-martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under the command of any such last-mentioned officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such officer shall have taken upon him such command: Provided that the officer so authorised be not below the degree of a field officer, except in detached situations beyond seas where a field officer is not in command, in which case a captain may be authorised to convene

Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

23

district or garrison courts-martial: Every officer so authorised to convene courts-martial may confirm the sentence of any court-martial convened by him according to the terms of his warrant.

7. Any person subject to this Act who shall, in any part Place where of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the offences for which he may be liable to be tried by court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may

be tried and punished for the same in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or in any other place whereto he may have come or where he may be after the commission of the offence, as if the offence had been committed where such trial shall take place.

8. Every general court-martial convened within the United Powers of Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than g^eraj courts-nine commissioned officers, each of whom shall have held a a' commission for three years before the date of the assembly

of the court. Every general court-martial shall have power to sentence any officer or soldier to suffer death, penal servitude, imprisonment, forfeiture of pay or pension, or hny other punishment which shall accord with the usage of the service:

No sentence of death by a court-martial shall pass unless two thirds at least of the officers present shall concur therein; no sentence of penal servitude shall be for a period of less than five years; and no sentence of imprisonment shall be for a period longer than two years.

9. Every district or garrison court-martial convened within Powers of dis-the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not or 8"* less than seven commissioned officers, and shall have the same

power as a general court-martial to sentence any soldier to such punishments as shall accord with the provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such district or garrison court-martial shall have power to try a commissioned officer, or to pass any sentence of death or penal servitude.

10. A regimental or detachment court-martial shall consist Powers of of not less than five commissioned officers, unless it is found regimental or to be impracticable to assemble that number, in which case co^SStiai. three shall be sufficient, and shall have power to sentence

any soldier to corporal punishment, or to imprisonment, and to forfeiture of pay, in such manner as shall accord with the provisions of this Act.

1L In cases of mutiny, and insubordination accompanied Courts-martial with personal violence, or other offences committed on the line on H of. of march, or on board any transport ship, convict ship, mer- ship^&c. chant vessel, or troop ship, not in commission, the offender may be tried by a regimental or detachment court-martial, and the sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution

Ch. 10. Mutiny. 36 Vict.

on the spot by the officer in the immediate command of the troops, provided that the sentence shall not exceed that which a regimental court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any officer commanding any neral courts- detachment or portion of troops serving in any place beyond martial.courts" seas where it may be found impracticable to assemble a general court-martial, upon complaint made to him of any offence committed against the property or person of any inhabitant of or resident in any country in which such troops are so serving by any person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's armies, being under the immediate command of any such officer, to convene a detachment general court-martial, which shall consist of not less than three commissioned officers, for the purpose of trying any such person; and every such court-martial shall have the same powers in regard to sentence upon offenders as are granted by this Act to general courts-martial: Provided always, that no sentence of any such court-martial shall be executed until the general commanding the army of which such detachment or portion forms part shall have approved and confirmed the same.

As to swearing 13. All general and other courts-martial shall administer an a^=ning oath to every witness or other person who shall be examined before such court in any matter relating to any proceeding before the same; and every person, as well civil as military, who may be required to give or produce evidence before a court-martial, shall, in the case of general courts-martial, be summoned by the judge advocate general, or his deputy, or the person officiating as judge advocate, and in the case of all other courts-martial by the president of the court; and all persons so summoned and attending as witnesses before any court-martial shall, during their necessary attendance in or on such courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the court out of which the writ or process issued by which such witness was arrested, or if such court be not sitting, then by any judge of the superior courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the courts of law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such court or judge, by any affidavit in a summary way, that such witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such court-martial; and all witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give evidence, or not produce the documents under their power or control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such questions as the court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of

Powers of detachment

Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

25

Session or sheriff or stewart courts in Scotland, or in courts of law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, garrisons, or dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon complaint made, in like manner as if such witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a trial in any proceeding in the court in which such complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an oath necessary in any case where by law a solemn affirmation may be made instead^ thereof: It shall be lawful for the pre- Oath to be sident of any court-martial to administer an oath to a short- to

hand writer to take down, according to the best of his power, writer, the evidence to be given before the court.

14. No officer or soldier who shall be acquitted or convicted No second trial of any offence shall be liable to be* tried a second time by the offe^e^u same or any other court-martial for the same offence; and no revision may finding, opinion, or sentence given by any court-martial, and be allowed, signed by the president thereof, shall be revised more than

once, nor shall any additional.evidence in respect of any charge on which the prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the court on any revision.

15. If any person subject to this Act shall at any time Crimes during the continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or PV^bab^f join in any mutiny or sedition in any forces belonging to Her wl 68 Majesty's army, or Her Majesty's royal marines, or shall not

use his utmost endeavours to suppress the same, or shall conspire with any other person to cause a mutiny, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny or intended mutiny shall not, without delay, give information thereof to his commanding officer; or shall hold correspondence with or give advice or intelligence to any rebel or enemy of Her Majesty, either by letters, messages, signs, or tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any terms with such rebel or enemy without Her Majesty's license or license of the general or chief commander; or shall misbehave himself before the enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post to deliver up to the enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak words or use any other means to induce such governor or commanding officer, or others, to misbehave before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's service; or shall leave his post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any violence against his superior officer being in the execution of his office, or shall [ATo. 3. Price 2d.] C

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

I

I

36 Vict.

disobey any lawful command of his superior officer; or who being confined in a military prison shall offer any violence against a visitor or other his superior military officer being in the execution of his office; all and every person and persons so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, whether such offence be committed within this realm or in any other of Her Majesty's dominions, or in foreign parts, upon land or upon the sea, shall suffer death, or penal servitude, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any non-commissioned officer or soldier attested for or in pay in any regiment or corps who shall, without having first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in Her Majesty's army, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

Judgment of 16. In all cases where the punishment of death shall have death may be been awarded by a general court-martial or detachment general pen^servi-01 court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any tude or other place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the punishments, commanding officer having authority to confirm the sentence, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order the offender to be kept in penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such term of imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the officer commanding as aforesaid.

Embezzlement, 17. Any officer or soldier of Her Majesty's army, or any &C *°h Sh?r<h Person employed in the War Department, or in any way pernd servitude, concerned in the care or distribution of any money, provisions, or by fine, im- forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other stores belonging pnsonraent, &c. jjer Majesty's army or for Her Majesty's use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same, knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a general court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such punishment of fine, imprisonment with or without hard labour, dismissal from Her Majesty's service, reduction to the ranks if a warrant or non-commissioned officer, as such court shall think fit, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and every such offender shall, m addition to any other punishment, make good at his own expense the loss and damage sustained, and in every such case the court is required to ascertain by evidence the amount of such loss or damage, and to declare by their sentence that such amount shall be made good by such offender; and the loss and damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland,

Ch. 10.

27

or in any court in Her Majesty's colonies, or in India, where the person sentenced by such court-martial shall be resident, after the said judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the offender, if he shall remain in the service, may be put under stoppages not exceeding one half of his pay and allowances until the amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

18. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any sentence of penal servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any offender by any court-martial shall be carried into execution for the term specified in such sentence or for any shorter term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to penal servitude any sentence of death passed by any such court, the sentence, together with Her Majesty's pleasure thereupon shall be notified in writing by the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's army in Great Britain and Ireland, or by the adjutant general, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department, to any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such judge shall make an order for the penal servitude of such offender in conformity with such notification, and shall do all such other acts consequent upon such notification as such judge is authorised to do by any Act in force touching the penal servitude of other offenders; and it shall be lawful for any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an order that any such offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in penal servitude in England; and such order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such offender had been convicted in England, and the order had been made by any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England; and the person in whose custody such offender shall at that time be, and all other persons whatsoever whom the said order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same punishment for disobedience to or for interrupting the execution of such order as if the order had been made under the authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every person so ordered to be kept in penal servitude shall be subject to every provision made by law and in force concerning persons under sentence of penal servitude; and from the time when such order of penal servitude shall be made every Act in force touching the escape of felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without leave, shall apply to such offender, and to all persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any escape or intended escape or returning without leave of any such offender; and the judge who shall make any order of penal servitude as aforesaid shall direct the notification of Her Majesty's pleasure, and his own order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of record in the office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's

A8 to execution of sentences of penal servitude in the United Kingdom.

28 Ch. TO. Mutiny., 36 Vict.

Bench; and the said clerk shall have a fee of two shillings and sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on application, deliver a certificate in writing (not taking more than two shillings and sixpence for the same) to such offender or to any person applying in his or Her Majesty's behalf, showing the Christian and surname of such offender, his offence, the place where the court was held before which he was convicted, and the conditions on which the order of penal servitude was made; which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and sentence of such offender, and also of the terms on which such order for his penal servitude was made, in any court and in any proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

Am to execution 19. Whenever any sentence of penal servitude heretofore penaTserv^tude or hereafter passed upon any offender by any court-martial mthecolonies, holden in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, or Mia, or else- elsewhere beyond the seas, is to be carried into execution for He^ Majesty's ^he term specified in such sentence or for any shorter term, or dominions. when sentence of death passed by any such court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to penal servitude, the same shall be notified by the officer commanding Her Majesty's forces at the presidency or station where the offender may come or be, or in his absence by the adjutant general for the time being, if in India to the chief judge or any judge of the chief civil court of the presidency or province where the offender may come or be, and if in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions to the chief justice or some other judge therein, and such judge shall make order for the intermediate custody and penal servitude of such offender; and the offender shall, until handed over in pursuance of any such order to the civil authorities, be detained in military custody, and may be moved in such custody from place to place as circumstances may require; and upon any such order being made it shall be duly notified to the governor of the presidency if in India, or to the governor of the colony if in any of Her Majesty's colonies, or to the person who shall for the time being be exercising the office of governor of such presidency or colony, who, on receipt of such notification, shall cause such offender to be removed or sent to some other colony or place, or to undergo his sentence within the presidency or colony where the offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the directions for the removal and treatment of convicts which shall from time to time be transmitted from Her Majesty through one of her Principal Secretaries of State to such presidency or colony; and such offender shall according to such directions undergo the sentence of penal servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the presidency or colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed

1873. Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

29

or sent, and whilst such sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned, and kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with under such sentence, in the same manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with hard labour during the term of his penal servitude by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in such presidency or colony, or in the colony or placS to which he has been so removed or sent respectively; and elsewhere out of Her Majesty's dominions the officer commanding shall have power to make an order in writing for the penal servitude or intermediate custody of such offender; and such offender shall be liable by virtue of such order to be imprisoned, and kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with under the sentence of the court, in the same manner as if he bad been sentenced to be imprisoned with hard labour during the term of his penal servitude by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in the place where he maybe ordered to be kept in such intermediate custody, or in the place to which he may be removed for the purpose of undergoing his sentence of penal servitude. If any prisoner shall be brought to any place in the United Kingdom there to undergo any sentence of penal servitude which has been passed upon him by a court-martial held elsewhere, and the judge's or officer's order herein-before prescribed for his penal servitude and intermediate custody shall not be forthcoming, and the judge advocate general, upon application for that purpose, shall certify that it appears from the original proceedings of the court-martial whereby the prisoner was tried that he has been duly sentenced to penal servitude, and that for anything that appears to the contrary thereon such sentence is still in force against the said prisoner for the period to be stated in such certificate, then it shall be lawful for one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, upon consideration of such certificate, to direct, in writing under his hand, that the said prisoner shall be at once removed to a convict prison, and be imprisoned and kept to hard labour according to the sentence stated in such certificate, and thereupon the prisoner shall be removed to such convict prison, and shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour, and be otherwise dealt with during the term of his sentence, as if he had been sentenced to a like term of penal servitude by a competent court in the United Kingdom.

20. In any case where a sentence of penal servitude shall a sentence of have been awarded by a general or detachment general court- servitude martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or if in any place Sauted^o^im-out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer prisonment, &c. commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the offender be imprisoned, with or without hard labour,

. 30 Ch. 10.

Mutiny. 36 Vict.

Of forfeitures, when combined with penal servitude.

Courts-martial may not sentence to corporal punishment in time of peace.

Power to inflict corporal punishment and imprisonment

and with or without solitary confinement, for such term not exceeding two years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the officers commanding as aforesaid.

21. Where an award of any forfeiture, or of deprivation of pay or of stoppages of pay, shall have been added to any sentence of penal servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, in the event of the sentence being commuted for imprisonment, to order such award of forfeiture, deprivation of pay, or stoppages of pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

22. No court-martial shall, for any offence whatever committed under this Act during the time of peace within the Queen's dominions, have power to sentence any soldier to corporal punishment; provided that any court-martial may sentence any soldier to corporal punishment while on active service in the field, or on board any ship not in commission, for mutiny, insubordination, desertion, drunkenness on duty or on the line of march, disgraceful conduct, or any breach of the Articles of War; and no sentence of corporal punishment shall exceed fifty lashes.

23. It shall be lawful for any general, district, or garrison court-martial, in addition to any sentence of corporal punishment, to award imprisonment, with or without hard labour and with or without solitary confinement, such confinement not exceeding the periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

Power to com- 24. In all cases in which corporal punishment shall form mute corporal the whole or part of the sentence awarded by any court-martial Ibr imprison- shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the general or other ment, &c. officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial, to commute such corporal punishment to imprisonment for any period not exceeding forty-two days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, or to mitigate such sentence, or instead of such sentence to award imprisonment for any period not exceeding twenty days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement and corporal punishment, to be inflicted in the prison, not exceeding twenty-five lashes, and the solitary confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no case exceed seven days at a time, with intervals of not less than seven days between each period of such confinement.

Power to com- 25. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in* all cases whatsoever -S^cashiering!06 > instead of causing a sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such loss of army or regimental rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

1873.

Ch. 10.

31

' 98. A general, garrison, or district <tturt-m«rtial may sentence Power of im-any soldier to imprisonment, with or without hard lafbour, and with or without solitary confinement, hot such solitary con- £n, or dStric* finement shall not exceed the periods prescribed by the Articles courts-martial, of War.

27. Any regimental or detachment court-martial may sentence Power of im-any soldier to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for

any period not exceeding forty-two days, and with or without detachment solitary confinement not exceeding the periods prescribed by courts-martial, the Articles of War.

28. Whenever sentence shall be passed by a court-martial As to imprison on an offender already under sentence either of imprisonment ^n^offend' or of penal servitude, the court may award a sentence of im- under sentence, prisonment or penal servitude for the offence for which he is

under trial, to commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the terms of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which any of those punishments could be otherwise awarded. Whenever Her Majesty, or any general or other officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial, shall commute a sentence of penal servitude or corporal punishment to imprisonment, and the offender whose sentence shall be so commuted shall, at the time of such commutation, be under sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or the general or other officer who shall so commute such sentence, to direct that such commuted sentence of imprisonment shall commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which such prisoner shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the term of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which any of those punishments could be otherwise awarded.

29. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the Regulations as War Department, and in India for the Governor General in to military Council, to set apart any buildings now erected or which may pnBon8, hereafter be erected, or any part or parts thereof, as military

prisons, and to declare that any building or any two or more buildings shall be, and thenceforth such building or buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a military prison; and every military prison which, under the provisions of any former Act of Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a public prison within the meaning of this Act; and all and every the powers and authorities with respect to county ^ols or houses of correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such military prisons, belong to and may be ex-

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

32

ercised by the Secretary of State for the War Department, and in India by the Governor General in Council; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State, and in India for the Governor General in Council, from time to time to make, alter, and repeal rules and regulations for the government and superintendence of any such military prison, and of the governor, provost marshal, officers, and servants thereof, and of the offenders confined therein, which said rules and regulations so made as aforesaid shall remain and continue to be in force until the same are altered or repealed by Her Majesty's said Secretary of State for War, or in India by the Governor General in Council; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State, and in India for the Governor General in Council, from time to time to appoint an inspector general and inspectors of military prisons, and a governor, or provost marshal, and all other necessary officers and servants for any such military prison, and, as occasion may arise, to remove the governor or provost marshal, officer or servant of any such military prison; and the general or other officer commanding any district or station within which may be any such military prison, or such general or other officer, and such other person or persons as the said Secretary of State, and in India the Governor General in Council, may from time to time appoint, shall be a visitor or visitors of such prison; and the said Secretary of State, and in India the Governor General in Council, may authorise any general officer commanding to appoint periodically visitors to any military prison within his command; and the said Secretary of State, and in India the Governor General in Council or the general officer so appointing, shall transmit to the visitor or visitors of every military prison established by his authority a copy of the rules and regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such prison; and every inspector, visitor, and governor of any such military prison shall, subject to such rules and regulations as may from time to time be made by the said Secretary of State, or in India by the Governor General in Council, have and exercise in respect of such prison, and of the governor, officers, and servants thereof, and of the prisoners confined therein, all the powers and authorities, as well in respect of administering oaths as otherwise, which any inspector, visiting justice, or governor of a county gaol or house of correction may respectively exercise as such: Provided that every inspector of such military prisons, who is also a director of convict prisons, shall have the same power in such military prisons as he has in convict prisons.

As to the cus- 30. Every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of offender ^der any public prison or of any gaol or house of correction in any sentence of part of Her Majesty's dominions shall receive into his cus-conrt-martial tody any military offender under sentence of imprisonment by

1873. Mutiny.

Cfl. 10.

33

a court-martial, upon delivery to him of an order in writing in ^in other that behalf from the general commanding in chief, or the adju- cases' taut general, or the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court, or the officer commanding the regiment or corps to which the offender belongs or is attached, which order shall specify the offence of which he shall have been convicted, and the sentence of the court, and the period of imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the day and hour of the day on which he is to be released; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time under an order duly made for that purpose; and whenever troops are called out in aid of the civil power, or are stationed in billets, or are on the line of march, every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement, shall receive into his custody any soldier for a period not exceeding seven days, upon delivery to him of an order in writing on that behalf from the officer commanding such troops.

31. In the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment As to the under the sentence of a court-martial in any public prison °*f

other than the military prisons set apart by the authority of prisoners in this Act, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of certain cases, the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the general commanding in chief, or the adjutant general, or the officer who . confirmed the proceedings of the court, or the officer commanding the district or garrison in which such prisoner may be, to give, as often as occasion may arise, an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged, or be delivered-over to military custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment or penal servitude under the sentence of a court-martial in any public prison other than such military prison as aforesaid, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the general commanding in chief or the adjutant general of Her Majesty's forces in the case of any such prisoner, and for the Commander-in-Chief in India in the case of any prisoner so confined in any part of Her Majesty's Indian dominions, and for the general commanding in chief in any presidency in India in the case of a prisoner so therein confined, and for the officer commanding

Ch. 10.

36 Vict.

34

in chief or the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court at any foreign station in the case of a prisoner so there confined, to give, as often as occasion may arise, an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged or be delivered over to military custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of any prisoner who shall be removed by any such order from any such prison, gaol, or house of correction either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere to some other prison or place either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the officer who gave such order shall also give an order in writing directing the governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of such other prison or place to receive such prisoner into his custody, and specifying the offence of which such prisoner shall have been convicted, and the sentence of the court, and the period of imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the day and the hour on which he is to be released; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court, and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time under an order duly made for that purpose; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment or peijal servitude under the sentence of a court-martial in any military prison in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, the Secretary of State for the War Department, or the general officer commanding the district or station in which the prison may be situated, shall have the like powers in regard to the discharge and delivery over of such prisoners to military custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the military authorities above mentioned in respect of any prisoners undergoing confinement as aforesaid in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions; and such prisoner in any of the cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the production of any such order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the case may be: Provided always, that the time during which any prisoner under sentence of imprisonment by a court-martial shall be detained in such military custody under such order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as imprisonment under the sentence, for whatever purpose such detention shall take place; and such prisoner may during such time, either when on board ship or otherwise, be subjected to such restraint as is necessary for his detention and removal.

Ch. 10.

18*73.

35

82. The gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house Provision for of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement subsistence, in any part of Her Majesty's dominions shall diet and supply every soldier imprisoned therein under the sentence of a court-martial or as a deserter with fuel and other necessaries according to the regulations of such place of confinement, and shall receive on account of every soldier, out of the subsistence of such soldier during the period of his imprisonment, in Great Britain and Ireland, one shilling per diem, and in other parts of Her Majesty's dominions sixpence per diem:

In all cases where such soldier is sentenced to be discharged from the army on the completion of his term of imprisonment, the Secretary of State for the War Department may cause to be issued out of afmy votes, upon application in writing, signed by any justice within whose jurisdiction such place of confinement shall be locally situated, together with a copy of the order of commitment, a further sum not exceeding sixpence per diem, and which said sum of one shilling or of sixpence, and the further sum, if any, as the case may be, shall be carried to the credit of the fund from which the expense of such place of confinement is defrayed. A sentence of imprisonment or of penal servitude passed either by a court-martial or by any court of criminal jurisdiction upon any person subject to this Act, shall be in no respect affected by such person ceasing to be subject to this Act by discharge or otherwise at any time: Provided that for each person so ceasing to be subject to this Act the Secretary of State for the War Department may cause to be issued out of army votes, upon application in writing, signed by any justice as aforesaid, together with a copy of the order of commitment, a sum not exceeding one shilling and sixpence per diem, which said sum shall be carried to the credit of the fund from which the expense of such place of confinement is defrayed.

In India the expenses incurred under the provisions of this section shall be paid in the same manner as the other expenses of Such prison, or as may be provided by the laws or regulations to be made in that behalf.

88. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house Expiration of of correction, or other place of confinement, to whom any "5d5Sen!i? notice shall have been given, or who shall have reason to know common gaols, or believe, that any person in his custody for any offence, civil or military, is a soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the expiration of his imprisoment, shall forthwith, or as soon as may be, give, if in Great Britain, to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and if in Ireland to the general 'Commanding Her Majesty's forces in Ireland, or if in India to the adjutant general of the army, or to the nearest military authority with whom it may be convenient to communicate, notice of the day and hour on which the imprisonment of

Ch. 10.

36 Vict.

such person will expire; and every such gaoler or keeper is hereby required to use his best endeavours to ascertain and report in all cases where practicable the particular regiment or corps, battalion of a regiment or battery of artillery, to which such soldier belongs, and also whether he belongs to the dep6t or the head quarters of his regiment; and in the event of his being a recruit who has not joined, that it may be so stated in his report, together with the name of the place where the man enlisted. In all cases where the soldier in custody is under sentence to be discharged from the service on the completion of his term of imprisonment, and the discharge document is in the hands of the gaoler, such gaoler shall not be required to make any report thereof to the Secretary of State for War, or to the military authorities herein-before referred to.

Apprehension of deserters in the United Kingdom.

34. Upon reasonable suspicion that a person is a deserter it shall be lawful for any constable, or if no constable can be immediately met with, then for any officer or soldier in Her Majesty's service, or other person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any justice living in or near the place where he was so apprehended and acting for the county, city, district, place, or borough wherein such place is situate, or for the county adjoining such first-mentioned county or such borough; and such justice is hereby authorised and required to inquire whether such suspected person is a deserter, and from time to time to defer the said inquiry and to remand the said suspected person in the manner prescribed by an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-two, section twenty-one, and subject to every provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice by the testimony of one or more witnesses taken upon oath, or by the confession of such suspected person, confirmed by some corroborative evidence upon oath or by the knowledge of such justice, that such suspected person is a deserter, such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in civil custody to the head quarters or depfit of the regiment or corps to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible distance from the place of commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public prison (other than a military prison set apart under the authority of this Act) or police station legally provided as a lock-up house for temporary confinement of persons taken into custody, whether such prison or police station be in the county or borough in which such suspected person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the deserter has been apprehended by a party of soldiers of his own regiment or corps in charge of a commissioned officer, such justice may deliver him up to such party, unless the officer shall deem it necessary to have the

1873. Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

37

deserter committed to prison for safe custody; and such justice shall transmit an account of the proceedings, in the form prescribed in the schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of State for the War Department, specifying therein whether such deserter was delivered to his regiment or corps, or to the party of his regiment or corps, in order to his being taken to the head quarters or depot of his regiment or corps, or whether such deserter was committed to prison, to the end that the person so committed may be removed by an order from the office of the said Secretary of State and proceeded against according to law; and such justice shall also send to the said Secretary of State a report stating the names of the persons by whom or by or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured; and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to such justice an order for the payment to such persons of such sum not exceeding forty shillings as the said Secretary of State shall be satisfied they are entitled to according to the true intent and meaning of this Act; and for such information, commitment, and report as aforesaid the clerk of the said justice shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings, and no more; and every gaoler and other person into whose custody any person charged with desertion is committed shall immediately upon the receipt of the person so charged into his custody pay such fee of two shillings, and shall notify the fact to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and transmit also to the said Secretary of State a copy of the commitment, to the end that such Secretary of State may order repayment of such fees; and when any such person shall be apprehended and committed as a deserter in any part of Her in Her Ma- Majesty's foreign dominions the justice shall forthwith cause jesty's foreign him to be conveyed to some public prison, if the regiment donnmoils-or corps to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such part, or, if the regiment or corps be in such part, the justice may deliver him into custody at the nearest military post if within reasonable distance, although the regiment to which such person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such military post; and such justice shall in every case transmit to the general or other officer commanding a descriptive return in the form prescribed in the schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such person may be removed by order of such officer, and proceeded against according to law; and such descriptive return purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act shall, in the absence of proof to. the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence of the facts and matters therein stated: Provided always, that any Transfer of such person so committed as a deserter in any part of Her deserters. Majesty's dominions shall, subject to the provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred by order of the general or other officer commanding to serve in any regiment or corps or depdt nearest to the place where he shall have been appre- D

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

38

Ch. 10.

hended, or to any other regiment or corps to which it may be desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such transfer of service to be tried and punished as a deserter.

As to the 35. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house

Sd^of correcti°n> lock-up house, or other place of confinement in

deserters°m any part of Her Majesty's dominions is hereby required to

gaols. receive and confine therein every deserter who shall be delivered into his custody by any soldier or other person conveying such deserter under lawful authority, on production of the warrant of the justice of the peace on which such deserter shall have been taken, or some order from the office of the Secretary of State for the War Department, which order shall continue in force until the deserter shall have arrived at his destination; and such gaoler or keeper shall be entitled to one shilling for the safe custody of the said deserter while halted on the march, and to such subsistence for his maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's regulations.

Desertion of 36. Any recruit for Her Majesty's army who, having been toC'o^inP1their a^sted or received pay other than enlisting money, shall regents 0/ desert before joining the regiment or corps for which he has corps. enlisted, shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such

desertion by any justice of the peace upon the testimony of one or more witnesses upon oath, or upon his own confession, forfeit his personal bounty, and be liable to be transferred to any regiment or corps or dep6t nearest to the place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other regiment or corps to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that such deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other punishment for the offence, or to any other penalty except the forfeiture of their personal bounty.

Fraudulent 37. Any person who shall confess himself to be a deserter dewrtion11 of ^rom Her Majesty's forces, or from the embodied militia, shall be liable to be taken before any two justices of the peace acting for the county, district, city, buigh, or place where any such person shall at any time happen to be when he shall be brought before them, and on proof that any such confession as aforesaid was false shall by the said justices be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a rogue and vagabond, and if elsewhere by commitment to some prison or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and if, when such person shall be brought before the said justices, it shall be proved to their satisfaction that such confession has been made, but evidence of the truth or falsehood of such confession shall not at that time be forthcoming, such justices within the United Kingdom are hereby required to remand such person in the

1873. Mutiny. Cta. 10. 30

manner herein-before mentioned, and to transmit a statement of the case and descriptive return to the Secretary of State for the War Department, with a request to be informed whether such person appears to belong or to have belonged to the regiment or corps from which he shall have so confessed himself to have deserted; and a letter from the War Office in reply thereto, referring to such statement, and purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State for the War Department, shall be admissible in evidence against such person, and shall be deemed to be legal evidence of the facts stated therein, and on the receipt thereof the said justices shall forthwith proceed to adjudicate upon the case. In India the authority herein given to two justices may be exercised by one European justice or magistrate.

38. When there shall not be any military officer of rank Furlough in not inferior to captain, or any adjutant of regular militia, of 81ck' within convenient distance of the place where any non-commissioned officer or soldier on furlough shall be detained by sickness or other casualty rendering necessary any extension

of such furlough, it shall be lawful for any justice who shall be satisfied of such necessity to grant an extension of furlough for a period not exceeding one month; and the said justice shall by letter immediately certify such extension and the cause thereof to the commanding officer of the corps or detachment to which such non-commissioned officer or soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the agent of the regiment or corps, in order that the proper sum may be remitted to such non-commissioned officer or soldier, who shall not during the period of such extension of furlough be liable to be treated as a deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be const rued to exempt any soldier from trial and punishment, according to the provisions of this Act, for any false representation made by him in that behalf to the said justice, or for any breach of discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said extension of furlough.

39. No person subject to this Act, having been acquitted No jargon or convicted of any crime or offence by the civil magistrate, or

by the verdict of a jury, shall be liable to be again convicted the civil magis-for the same crime or offence by a court-martial, or to be *0T *>ya. punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the by^ court- case of a commissioned officer, or in the case of a warrant martial for the officer by reduction to an inferior class or to the rank of a Bam« offence, private soldier by order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the case of an army schoolmaster to discharge from the service, or loss of the whole or any period of his previous service reckoning towards pension on discharge by order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the case of a non-commissioned officer by reduction to the ranks by order of the Commander-in-Chief or of the colonel, or in the militia by order of the

40

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Soldiers liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service only for felony, misdemeanor, or for debts amounting to 30/. and upwards.

Soldiers not liable to be taken ont of Her Majesty's service for debts under 30/., or for breach of contract.

appointed commandant of the regiment or corps; and whenever any officer or soldier shall have been tried by any court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, the clerk of such court or other officer having the custody of the records of such court, or the deputy of such clerk, shall, if required by the officer commanding the regiment or corps to which such officer or soldier shall belong, transmit to him a certificate setting forth the offence of which the prisoner was convicted, together with the judgment of the court thereon if such officer or soldier shall have been convicted, or of the acquittal of such officer or soldier, and shall be allowed for such certificate a fee of three shillings.

40. Any person attested for Her Majesty's army, or serving on the permanent staff of the disembodied militia or volunteers other than as a commissioned officer, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service only by process or execution on account of any charge of felony or of misdemeanor, or of any crime or offence other than the misdemeanor of absenting himself from his service, or neglecting to fulfil his contract, or otherwise misconducting himself respecting the same, or the misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an order of justices for the payment of money, or on account of an original debt proved by affidavit of the plaintiff or of some one on his behalf to amount to the value of thirty pounds at the least, over and above all costs of suit, such affidavit to be sworn, without payment of any fee, before some judge of the court out of which process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorised to take affidavits in such court of which affidavit, when duly filed in such court, a memorandum shall, without fee, be endorsed upon the back of such process, stating the facts sworn to, and the day of filing such affidavit; but no soldier or other person as aforesaid shall be liable by any process whatever to appear before any justice of the peace or other authority whatever, or to betaken out of Her Majesty's service by any writ, summons, warrant, order, judgment, execution, or any process whatsoever issued by or by the authority of any court of law, or any magistrate, justice or justices of the peace, or any other authority whatsoever, for any original debt not amounting to thirty pounds, or for the breach of any contract, covenant, agreement, or other engagement whatever by parol or in writing, or for having left or deserted his employer or master, or his contract, work, or labour, or misconducting himself respecting the same, except in the case of an apprentice, or of an indentured labourer, as herein-after, described; and all summonses, warrants, commitments, indictments, convictions, judgments, and sentences on account of any of the matters for which it is herein declared that a soldier or other person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service shall be utterly illegal, and

1873.

Ch. 10.

41

null and void, to all intents and purposes; and any judge of any such court may examine into any complaint made by a soldier or by his superior officer, and by warrant under his hand discharge such soldier, without fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable costs to such complainant, who shall have for the recovery thereof the like remedy as would have been applicable to the recovery of any costs which might have been awarded against the complainant in any judgment or execution as aforesaid, or a writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the discharge of any such soldier out of custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any plaintiff, upon notice of the cause of action first given in writing to any soldier, or left at his last quarters, may proceed in any action or suit to judgment, and have execution other than against the body or military necessaries or equipments of such soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a master or employer, or to the breach of any contract, agreement, or engagement, shall apply to persons who shall be really and bon& fide apprentices, duly bound, under the age of twenty-one years, or to indentured labourers, as hereinafter prescribed.

41. No person who shall be commissioned and in full pay Officers not to

as an officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to or

be sheriff of any county, borough, or other place, or to be , nayo^s, c* mayor, portreeve, alderman, or to hold any office in any municipal corporation in any city, borough, or] place in Great Britain or Ireland: Provided that the competence or liability of any officer to be nominated to or to hold any of the aforesaid offices shall not be deemed to be affected by reason of the corps to which he belongs being assembled for annual training at the time of his nomination to, or during the period of his tenure of, such office.

42. Every person authorised to enlist recruits or to enrol Questions to be men under any Reserve Force Acts, or to enlist men under Put to recruits any Militia Reserve Acts, shall first ask the person about to on en wting* be so enlisted or enrolled whether he belongs to any and

what force in Her Majesty's service, and also such other questions as the proper authorities may direct to be put to such persons, and in case of a recruit shall immediately after giving him enlisting money serve him with a notice in the form ordered by the Secretary of State for the War Department to be used.

43. Every person who shall receive enlisting money in Recruits, when manner aforesaid, knowing it to be such, shall, subject to the de?ndt0 be provisions herein-after contained, upon such receipt be deemed e

to be enlisted as a soldier in Her Majesty's service, and while

42

When recruits to be taken before a justice.

Dissent and relief from enlistment

Attesting of recruits.

Ch. 10. Mutiny* 36 Vict.

he shall remain with the recruiting party shall be entitled to be billeted.

44. Every person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within ninety-six hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included) but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such enlistment, appear, together with some person employed in the recruiting service, before a justice of the peace, not being an officer of the army, for the purpose of being attested as a soldier, or of objecting to his enlistment.

45. When a recruit upon appearing before a justice for the purposes aforesaid shall dissent from or object to his enlistment, and shall satisfy the justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the recruit absolutely, and shall report such discharge to the inspecting field officer of the district, or in the case of a recruit enlisted at the head quarters or depot of a regiment to the officer commanding the same; but if the recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the justice that the enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon repayment of the enlisting money, and of any sum received by him in respect of pay or allowances, and of a further sum of twenty shillings as smart money, he will be entitled to be discharged, and the sum paid by such recruit upon his discharge shall be kept by the justice, and, after deducting therefrom one shilling as the fee for reporting the payment to the Secretary of State for the War Department and to the inspecting field officer of the district, shall be paid over to any person belonging to the recruiting party who may demand the same; and the justice who shall discharge any recruit shall in every case give a certificate thereof, signed with his hand, to the recruit, specifying the cause thereof.

46. If the recruit on appearing before a justice shall not dissent from his enlistment, or dissenting shall within twenty-four hours return and state that he is unable to pay the sums mentioned in the last section, he shall be attested as follows: the justice, or some person deputed by him, shall read to the recruit the questions set forth in the form of attestation ordered by the Secretary of State for the War Department to be used, cautioning him that if he fraudulently make any false answer thereto he shall be liable to be punished as a rogue and a vagabond; and the answers of the recruits shall be recorded opposite to the said questions, and the justice shall require the recruit to make and sign the declaration in the said form, and shall then administer to him the oath of allegiance in the said form; and when the recruit shall have signed the said declaration, and taken the said oath, the justice shall attest the same by his signature, and shall deliver to the recruiting officer the declaration so signed and attested;

1873. Mutiny. Ch. 10. 43

and the fee for such attestation, including the declaration and oath, shall be one shilling and no more; and any recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified copy of the above-mentioned declaration by the officer who finally approved of him for the service.

47. No recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall Recruits, until have received pay other than enlisting'money, shall be liable to be tried by court-martial; but if any person previously to ceived pay, his being attested or enrolled shall by means of any false not triable by answer obtain enlistment or other money, or shall make any certain false statement in his declaration, or shall refuse to answer cases pnnish-any question duly authorised to be put to him for the purpose ab*e M of filling up such declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go m vaga on *' before a justice for the purposes aforesaid, or having in the case of a recruit dissented from his enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such money as aforesaid, in any of such cases it shall be lawful for any two justices within the United Kingdom, or for any one justice out of the United.

Kingdom, acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such person shall at any time happen to be, to adjudge such person, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to be a rogue and vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions, to be imprisoned with hard labour in any prison or house of correction for any period not exceeding three calendar months.

48. Any person who shall have been attested or enrolled in Attested re-

the regular army or reserves, and who shall afterwards be cruits triage in discovered to have given any wilfully false answer to any either tef0Te question directed to be put by the proper authorities, or shall two justices or have made any wilfully false statement in the declaration court"

herein-before mentioned, shall be liable, at the discretion of

the proper military authorities, to be proceeded against before two justices in the manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to he tried by a district or garrison court-martial for the same, and punished in such manner as such court shall direct; and the declaration made by such person on his attestation or enrolment purporting to be made in accordance with the regulations of the Secretary of State shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence, whether before such justice or justices or before any court-martial, of such person having represented the several particulars as stated in such declaration.

49. If any recruit shall abscond, so that it is not possible Recruits immediately to apprehend and bring hkn before a justice for absconding, attestation, the recruiting party shall produce to the justice

before whom the recruit ought to have been brought for that purpose a certificate of the name and place of residence and

44

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

As to militiamen enlisting into regular forces.

description of such recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true; and the justice to whom such certificate shall be produced shall transmit a duplicate thereof to the Secretary of State for the War Department, in order that the same may appear in the " Police Gazette." For the purposes of this section and all purposes of attestation and enlistment, a justice of any county or borough shall be deemed to be a justice of any other county or borough.

50. If any man while belonging to a militia regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's army, he shall be liable to be tried before a court-martial on a charge for desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department to give such general directions as may from time to time appear to him necessary for placing any man who confesses himself to be a militiaman under stoppage of one penny a day of his pay for eighteen calendar months, in lieu of his being tried by court-martial, and in case such militiaman shall have belonged to the Militia Reserve at the time of his attestation for placing him under a further stoppage of one penny a day for two hundred and forty days, and further to give general directions as to the manner in which such stoppages shall be applied, and whether, on making good the same, the man shall be returned to his militia regiment or be deemed to be a soldier in the same manner as if he had not been a militiaman at the time of his attestation: Provided that every soldier who while belonging to a militia regiment enlisted in Her Majesty's army, whether such enlistment took place before or after the passing of the Mutiny Act, 1860, shall reckon service towards the performance of his limited engagement from the date of his attestation: Provided also, that any such soldier shall not reckon service for pension until the day on which his engagement for the militia would have expired; but if any such soldier shall subsequently to his enlistment have rendered long, faithful, or gallant service, the Secretary of State for War may, upon the special recommendation of the Commander-in-Chief, order that he may reckon service for pension from the date of his attestation. If any non-commissioned officer of the volunteer permanent staff enlists in Her Majesty's army he may be tried and punished as a deserter, but if he confeases his desertion the Secretary of State for the War Department, instead of causing him to be tried and punished as a deserter, may cause him to be returned to his service on the volunteer permanent staff, to be there put under stoppages from his pay until he has repaid the amount of any bounty received by him and the expenses attending his enlistment, and also the value of any arms, &c. issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him; or may cause him to be held to his service in Her Majesty's army, with a direction, if it seems

1873. Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

fit, that his time of service therein shall not be reckoned for pension until the time when his engagement on the volunteer permanent staff would have expired; and may further cause him to be put under stoppages of one penny a day of his pay until he has repaid the expense attending his engagement or attestation on the volunteer permanent staff, and also the value of any arms, clothing, or appointments issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him.

5L Every person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its provisions in any matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of recruits for Her Majesty's army shall be liable to be tried for such offence before a general, district, or garrison court-martial, and to be sentenced to such punishments other than death or penal servitude as such courts may award.

52. It shall be lawful for any justice of the peace or person exercising the office of a magistrate within any of Her Majesty's dominions abroad, and in any colony for any other person duly authorised in that behalf by the governor or officer administering the government of such colony, and beyond the limits of Her Majesty's dominions for any British consul or person duly exercising the authority of a British consul, and in Her Majesty's dominions in India for any person duly authorised in that behalf by the Governor General or lieutenant governor or other officer administering the government of any presidency, division, or province, and within the territories of any foreign state in India for the person performing the duties of the office of British resident therein, and for any other person duly authorised in that behalf by the Governor General, to enlist and attest or to re-engage within the local limits of their several authorities any soldiers or persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's army; and it shall be lawful, notwithstanding anything contained in the statute twenty-third and twenty-fourth Victoria, chapter one hundred, for any person so authorised in Her Majesty's dominions in India, or within the territories of any foreign state in India, to enlist and attest within the local limits of his authority any persons desirous of enlisting in Her Majesty's Indian forces. Any such magistrate or person as aforesaid shall have the same powers in that behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to justices in the United Kingdom for all such purposes of enlistment and attestation; but no such magistrate or other person authorised to enlist and attest as above mentioned shall be a general officer or hold any regimental commission; and all such appointments, past and future, and everything done or to be done under them, shall be valid and of full effect, notwithstanding the expiration of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament; and any person so attested shall be deemed to be an attested soldier.

Punishment of persons offending against laws relating to enlistment.

Enlistment and re-enlistment, and transfer to another corps abroad.

46

Soldiers willing may be transferred to succeeding corps.

Soldiers may be transferred from one service to another.

Re-engagement of soldiers for a further term.

Ch. 10. Mutiny. 36 Vict.

53. When any corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any station beyond the seas it shall be lawful for any officers thereunto authorised by the officer commanding in chief at such station to receive as transfers as many of the soldiers belonging to the corps leaving the station as shall be willing and fit for service for any corps appointed to remain; and every soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former corps, and an attested certificate of transfer shall be delivered to the soldier.

54. It shall be lawful for the Commander-in-Chief, and on any foreign station for the general or other officer commanding at such station, to direct that any soldier attested for any one branch of the service shall, on the application of his commanding officer, and with his own consent, be transferred to some other branch of the service or to some other regiment or corps in the same branch of the service, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere; and every soldier so transferred shall be deemed to be discharged from his former corps, and shall have a certificate of transfer delivered to him: Provided always, that any soldier who may have volunteered for the corps of armourer sergeants, or for the army hospital corps, or the army service corps, shall be liable, by order of the military authorities above mentioned, to be re-transferred to his former corps, or to any other corps on the station on which he is serving at the time, for misconduct, unfitness, or any other reasonable cause: Provided also, that any staff clerk or other non-commissioned officer or soldier on the staff of the army may be transferred to any corps serving at the station at the time of his removal from staff employ: Provided also, that upon the conviction by court-martial of any soldier of the crime of desertion, the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces may, and if the court-martial has been held at a foreign station the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces at such foreign station may, order such soldier to serve in any regiment or corps.

55. Any soldier who being in army service has commenced the last year of his first term of enlistment, or who being within three years of the expiration of his first term of enlistment, has been ordered, but has not yet proceeded on foreign service, may, with the approval of his commanding officer, or other competent military authority, and subject to such regulations as may from time to time be made by the Secretary of State, be re-engaged for such a period as shall complete a total period of twenty-one years in Her Majesty's service, reckoning from the time of his first enlistment; and any soldier who has completed a total period of twenty-one years service may, with the approval of the competent military authorities, continue to serve beyond such total period, under the provisions of the tenth section. Array Enlistment Act, 1870; and any person

1873. Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

47

who has been a soldier, and who has received his discharge, may also be so re-engaged upon making a declaration, in the form ordered by the Secretary of State for the War Department to be used, before any one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or if not in Great Britain or Ireland before any person duly appointed to enlist and attest out of Great Britain and Ireland any soldiers or persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's service: Provided always, that in reckoning service under the original enlistment or re-engagement of a soldier the boon service granted by the general order of the Governor General of India, dated twelfth of October one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, shall be reckoned as actual service, and allowed towards pension and discharge: Provided also, that every soldier now serving who belonged to the garrison which defended Lucknow, or to the garrison which defended the Alumbagfi, before the advance of any portion of the forces under the late Lord Clyde in one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, shall be allowed to reckon one year's service towards the performance of his limited engagement, and also towards pension on discharge: Provided also, that every soldier who volunteered into Her Majesty's army from any embodied regiment of militia between the thirty-first of December one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five and the twenty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive, or from the disembodied militia during the last week of the training of his regiment in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, and who had rendered previous to volunteering six months embodied or disembodied militia service, shall be allowed to reckon towards good-conduct pay and pension, and towards the completion of his limited engagement of service in Her Majesty's army, half the embodied service which he had rendered in the militia after attaining the age of eighteen.

Boon service to be reckoned.

56. All negroes or persons of colour who, although not bom Enlistment of in any of Her Majesty's colonies, territories, or possessions, shall ncSroes* have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's service, shall, while serving, be deemed to be soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's service, and be entitled to all the privileges of natural-born subjects; and all negroes who have been seized and condemned as prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the advantages of negroes or persons of colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as soldiers in any of Her Majesty's colonial forces.

57. Any person duly bound as an apprentice in Great Apprentice en-Britain or Ireland, or as an indentured labourer in any of Her Majesty's colonies or possessions abroad, who shall enlist after the ex-as a soldier in Her Majesty's army, and shall falsely state to

48 Ch. 10. Mutiny. 36 Vict.

piration oflns the magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested apprenticeship, j8 no|. an apprentice or indentured labourer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining money under false pretences, if in England or in Ireland, or in the colonies or possessions aforesaid, and of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the expiration of his apprenticeship, or of his indenture as a labourer whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a soldier in Her Majesty's army according to the terms of the enlistment, and if on the expiration of his apprenticeship, or of his indenture as a labourer, he shall not deliver himself up to some officer authorised to receive recruits, such person may be taken as a deserter from Her Majesty's army; Claims of and no master shall be entitled to claim an apprentice or an

masters to indentured labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a soldier

apprentices. -m jjer Majesty's army, or shall be serving in the embodied militia, unless he shall, within one calendar month after such apprentice or indentured labourer shall have left his service, go before some justice, and take the oath mentioned in the schedule to this Act annexed, and shall produce the certificate of such justice of his having taken such oath, which certificate such justice is required to give in the form in the schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full term of five years, not having been above the age of fourteen when so bound, and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full term of five years at the least, not having been above the age of sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotland, for the full term at least of four years, by a regular contract or indenture of apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both parties by the law of Scotland, prior to the period of enlistment, and unless such contract or indenture in Scotland shall, within three months after the commencement of the apprenticeship, and before the period of enlistment, have been produced to a justice of the peace of the county in Scotland wherein the parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such justice a certificate or declaration signed by him specifying the date when and the person by whom such contract or indenture was so produced, which certificate or declaration such justice of the peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unless such apprentice shall, when claimed by such master, be under twenty-one years of age: Provided always, that any master of an apprentice indentured for the sea service, or of any indentured labourer in Her Majesty's colonies or possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the form and manner above directed, notwithstanding such apprentice or indentured labourer may have been bound for a less term than five or four years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any master who shall give up the indentures of his apprentice or of his labourer as aforesaid within one month after the enlisting

Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

49

of such apprentice or indentured labourer shall be entitled to receive to hia own use so much of the bounty payable to such recruit as shalLnot have been paid to such recruit before notice given of his being an apprentice or an indentured labourer.

58. No apprentice or indentured labourer claimed by his master as aforesaid shall be taken from any corps or recruiting party, except under a warrant of a justice residing near, and within whose jurisdiction such apprentice or indentured labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such justice shall inquire into the matter upon oath, which oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the production and proof of the indenture, and that notice of the said warrant has been given to the commanding officer, and a copy thereof left with some officer or non-commissioned officer of the party, and that such person so enlisted declared that he was no apprentice or indentured labourer; and such justice, if required by such officer or non-commissioned officer, shall commit the offender to the common gaol of the county, division, or place for which such justice is acting, and shall keep the indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such person as he may think proper to give evidence against the offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the sessions immediately succeeding the next general or quarter sessions of such county, division, or place, unless the court shall for just cause put off the trial; and the production of the indenture, with the certificate of the justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient evidence of the said indenture; and every such offender in Scotland may be tried by the judge ordinary in the county or stewartry in such and the like manner as any person may be tried in Scotland for any offence not inferring a capital punishment: Provided always, that any justice not required as aforesaid to commit such apprentice or indentured labourer may deliver him to his master.

59. No person who shall, for six months either before or after the passing of this Act, have received pay and been borne on the strength and pay list of any regiment or corps, or dep6t or battalion of a regiment or corps (of which the last quarterly pay list, if produced, shall be evidence), shall be entitled to claim his discharge on the ground of error or illegality in his enlistment or attestation or re-engagement, or on any other ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, attested, or re-engaged, as the case may be; and no person shall be exempted from the provisions of this Act or of the Articles of War for the time being by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

Punishment of

apprentices

enlisting.

Removal of doubts as to attestation of soldiers.

Mutiny.

3G Vict.

Authorised 00. No Secretary of State for the War Department, pay-onlUtol^made lnas^er of the army, paymaster, or any other officer

the pay of whatsoever, or any of their under officers, shall receive any the army. fees or make any deductions whatsoever out of the pay of any officer or soldier in Her Majesty's army, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, other than the usual deductions, or such other necessary deductions as shall from time to time be authorised or required by Her Majesty's regulations or Articles of War, or by statute twenty-six and twenty-seven Victoria, chapter sixty-five, section eight (Volunteer Act), or by Her Majesty's order signified by the Secretary of State for the Wax Department; and every paymaster or other officer who having received any officer's or soldier's pay shall unlawfully detain the same for the space of one month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several rates and agreeably to the several regulations established by Her Majesty's orders, shall, upon proof thereof before a court-martial, be discharged from his employment and shall forfeit one hundred pounds, and the informer, if a soldier, shall, if he demand it be discharged from any further service.

Suspending 61. And whereas by petition of right in the third year of certSn°Acts King Charles the First it is enacted and declared, that the herein recited, people of the land are not by the laws to be burdened with the sojourning of soldiers against their wills; and by a clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a supply to His Majesty of two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two pounds seventeen shillings and threepence, for paying and disbanding the forces, it is declared, and enacted that no officer, civil or military, nor other person whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any soldier upon any subject or inhabitant of this realm, of any degree, quality, or profession whatsoever, without his consent, and that it shall be lawful for any subject or inhabitant to refuse to quarter any soldier, notwithstanding any warrant or billeting whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, chapter fourteen, section eight, intituled 6 Anne, c. 14. " An Act to prevent the disorders that may happen by the . 8. (I.) " marching of soldiers, and providing carriages for the baggage

" of soldiers on their march," it was enacted, that no officer, soldier, or trooper in the army, nor the servant of any officer, nor any attendant on the tram of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard or battle-axes, nor any officer commanding the said yeomen, nor any servant of any such officer, should at any time thereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of Ireland, save only during such time or times as

Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

51

he or they should be on their march as in the same Act is before mentioned, or during Such time as he or they should be and remain in some seaport town or other place in the neighbourhood of a seaport town in order to be transported, or during such time as there should be any commotion in any part of Ireland, by reason of which emergency the army, or any considerable part thereof, should be commanded to inarch from one part of Ireland to another: But forasmuch as there is and may be occasion for the marching and quartering of regiments, corps, troops, and companies in several parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said several provisions of the said recited Acts shall be suspended and cease to be of any force or effect during the continuance of this Act.

62. And whereas by the eleventh section of the said Act Certain re-of the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, chapter fourteen,

it is provided and enacted, that no civil magistrate or constable should be obliged to find quarters for or give billets to more billeting in or other soldiers than those only whose true Christian and Ireland, not

jjq^ ncc658ftry

surnames should be delivered to him in writing under the hand of the officer desiring quarters or billets for such soldiers at the time such quarters or billets should be desired, and that all such names should be written together and delivered in one piece of paper, signed as aforesaid, and that the Christian and surnames of every soldier to be quartered or billeted, together with the name of the person on whom he or they should be billeted or quartered, should be given in writing -by the constable "or civil officer billeting or quartering such soldier, and be contained in the billet given by such civil officer: And whereas it has been found inconvenient and difficult to comply with all the requirements of the said enactment: It shall not be necessary, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any officer, upon the occasion of his requiring quarters or billets for any soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to the constable or other person whose duty it shall be to find or give the same any list of the names of the soldiers to be so quartered or billeted; and it shall not be necessary for the constable or other such person as aforesaid to set forth in any billet the name of any soldier to be billeted or quartered, but only the number of the soldiers or the number of the soldiers and horses respectively, as the case may require, to be billeted or quartered on the person named in the billet, and to whom the same shall be addressed.

63. It shall be lawful for all constables of parishes and How and whew

places, and other persons specified in this Act, in Great Britain *

and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the officers e

and soldiers in Her Majesty's service, and out-pensioners when assembled as a local force by competent authority, and persons receiving pay in Her Majesty's army, and the horses belonging

52

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

to Her Majesty's cavalry, and also all staff and field officers horses, and all Mt and baggage horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other forces, when on actual service, not exceeding for each officer the number for which forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's regulations, in victualling houses and other houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than two men in one house, except only in case of billeting cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the occupiers of the houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such victuallers with proper accommodation in such houses, or if any victualler shall not have sufficient accommodation in the house upon which a soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient quarters to be provided by such victualler in the immediate neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also be furnished with diet and small beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with stables, oats, hay, and straw for such horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein-after provided; and at no time when troops are on a march shall any of them, whether infantry or cavalry, be billeted above one mile from the place mentioned in the route, care being always taken that billets be made out for the less distant houses, in which suitable accommodation can be found, before making out billets for the more distant; and in all places where cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each man and his horse shall be billeted in one and the same house, except in case of necessity; and, except in case of necessity, one man at least shall be billeted where there shall be one or two horses, and two men at least where there shall be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number; and in no case shall a man and his horse be billeted at a greater distance from each other than one hundred yards; and the constables are hereby required to billet all soldiers and their horses on their march, in the manner required by this Act, upon the occupiers of all houses within one mile of the place mentioned in the route, and whether they be in the same or in a different county, in like manner in every respect as if such houses were all locally situate within such place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorise any constable to billet soldiers out of the county to which such constable belongs when the constable of the adjoining county shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due proportion of men in such adjoining county; and no more billets shall at any time be ordered than there are effective soldiers and horses present to be billeted; all which billets, when made out by such constables, shall be delivered iDto the hands of the commanding officer present; and if any person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue proportion of soldiers billeted in his house, and shall prefer his complaint, if against a constable or other person not being a justice, to one or more justices,

1873. Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

53

and if against a justice then to two or more justices within whose jurisdiction such soldiers are billeted, such justices respectively shall have power to order such of the soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other persons, as they shall see cause; and when any of Her Majesty's cavalry or any horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the occupiers of houses, in which officers or soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no stables, then and in such case, upon the written requisition of the commanding officer of the regiment, corps, troop, or detachment, the constable is hereby required to billet the men and their horses, or horses only, upon some other person or persons who have stables, and who are by this Act liable to have officers and soldiers billeted upon them; and upon complaint being made by the person or persons to whose house or stables the said men or horses shall have been so removed ta two or more justices within whose jurisdiction such men or horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such justices to order a proper allowance to be paid by the person relieved to the persons receiving such men and horses, or to be applied in furnishing the requisite accommodation; and commanding officers may exchange any man or horse billeted in any place with another man or horse billeted in the same place for the benefit of the service, provided the number of men and horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such houses respectively; and the constables are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any justice, at the request of any officer or non-commissioned officer commanding any soldiers requiring billets, to extend any routes or to enlarge the districts within which billets shall be required, in such manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the troops; provided that to prevent or punish all abuses in billeting soldiers, it shall be lawful for any justice within his jurisdiction, by warrant or order under his hand, to require any constable to give him an account in writing of the number of officers and soldiers who shall be quartered 'by such constables, together with the names of the persons upon whom such officers and soldiers are billeted, stating the street or place where such persons dwell, and the sign, if any, belonging to the houses: Provided always, that no officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his lodging where he shall be duly billeted.

64. The officers and soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards Billeting the shall be billeted within the city and liberties of Westminster and

and places adjacent, lying in the county of Middlesex (except mimter. the city of London) and in the county of Surrey, and in the borough of Southwark, in the same manner and under the same regulations as in other parts of England, in all cases for which particular provision is not made by this Act; and the

54

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Military officers not to act as justices in billeting.

Allowance to innkeepers.

high constables shall, on receipt of the order for billeting soldiers, deliver precepts to the several constables within their respective divisions, in pursuance of which the said constables shall billet such officers and soldiers equally and proportionably on the houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said constables shall, at every general sessions of the peace to be holden for the said city and liberties, counties and borough respectively, make and deliver to the justices then in open session assembled, upon oath, which oath the said justices are hereby required to administer, lists, signed by them respectively, of the houses subject by this Act to receive officers and soldiers, together with the names and rank of all officers and soldiers billeted on each respectively, which lists shall remain with the respective clerks of the peace for the inspection of all persons without fee or reward; and such clerk shall forthwith from time to time deliver to any persons who shall require the same true copies of any such lists upon being paid twopence per sheet for the same, each sheet to contain at the least one hundred and fifty words.

65. No justice having or executing any military office or commission in any part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing quarters for any soldier in the regiment, corps, troop, or company under the immediate command of such justice, and all warrants, acts, and things made, done, and appointed by such justice for or concerning the same shall be void

66. The innholder or other person on whom any soldier is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such soldier, furnish him for every day of the march, and for a period not exceeding two days when halted at the intermediate place upon the march, and for the day of the arrival at the place of final destination, with one hot meal in each] day, the meal to consist of such quantities of diet and small beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's regulations, not exceeding one pound and a quarter of meat previous to being dressed, one pound of bread, one pound of potatoes or other vegetables, and two pints of small beer, and vinegar, salt, and pepper, and for such meal the innholder or other person furnishing the same shall be paid the sum of tenpence, and twopence halfpenny for a bed; and all innholders and other persons on whom soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the march in Great Britain and entitled to be furnished with the hot meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such soldiers "with a bed and with candles, vinegar, and salt, and shall allow them the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the sum of fourpence per diem for each soldier; and the sum to be paid to the innholder or other person on whom any of the horses belonging to Her Majesty's forces shall be

Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

55

billeted in Great Britain or Ireland for ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of bay, and eight pounds of straw, shall be one drilling and ninepence per diem for each horse; and every officer or non-commissioned officer commanding a regiment, detachment, or party shall, every four days, or before they shall quit their quarters if they shall not remain so long as four days, settle and discharge the just demands of all victuallers or other persons upon whom such officers, soldiers, or horses are billeted, out of the pay and subsistence of such officers and soldiers before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such officer or non -commissioned officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon complaint, and oath made thereof by any two witnesses before two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, liberty, city, borough, or place where such quarters were situated, sitting in quarter or petty sessions, the Secretary of State for the War Department is hereby required (upon certificate of the justices before whom such oath was made of the sura due upon such accounts, and the persona to whom the same is owing,) to give orders to the agent of the regiment or corps to pay the sums due to such victuallers or other persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against such officers; and in case any soldier be suddenly ordered to inarch, and the respective commanding officers or non-commissioned officers are not enabled to make payment of the sums due for the lodging or victualling of the men and stabling or forage for the horses, every such officer or noncommissioned officer shall, before his departure, make up the account with every person upon whom such soldier may have been billeted, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate shall be transmitted by such officer or noncommissioned officer to the agent of the regiment or corps, who is hereby required to make immediate payment thereof, and to charge the same to the account of such officer or noncommissioned officer.

67. All powers and provisions relating to soldiers shall be Interpretation construed to gxtend to non-commissioned officers, unless when of Act-otherwise provided; and all powers and provisions relating to justices shall be construed to extend to all magistrates authorised to act as such in their respective jurisdictions and to chief magistrates of exclusive local jurisdictions; and all the Powers and powers given to and regulations made for the conduct of con- 08

stables in relation to the billeting of officers and soldiers, and all penalties and forfeitures for any neglect thereof, shall extend to all tithingmen, headboroughs, and such-like officers, and to all inspectors or other officers of police, and to high constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, hamlets, parishes, and places in England and Ireland, and to all justices of the peace, magistrates of burghs,

Ch. 10, Mutiny. 36 Vict.

commissioners of police, and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, parishes, and places in Scotland, who shall act in the execution of this Act in relation to billeting'; and all powers and provisions for billeting officers and soldiers in victualling houses shall extend and apply to all inns, hotels, livery stables, alehouses, and to the houses of sellers of wine by retail, whether British or foreign, to be drunk in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and to all houses of persons selling brandy, spirits, strong waters, cider, or metheg-lin, by retail, in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then to billeting soldiers in such manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided that no officer or soldier shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private houses, or in any canteen held or occupied under the authority of the War Department, or upon persons who keep taverns only, being vintners of the City of London admitted to their freedom of the said company in right of patrimony or apprenticeship, notwithstanding such persons who keep such taverns only have taken out victualling licenses, nor in the house of any distiller kept for distilling brandy and strong waters, nor. in the house of any shopkeeper whose principal dealing shall be more in other goods and merchandise than in brandy and strong waters, so as such distillers and shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such houses, nor in the house of residence in any part of the United Kingdom of any foreign consul duly accredited as such.

68. For the regular provision of carriages for Her Majesty's forces, and their baggage, in their marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all justices of the peace within their several jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an order from Her Majesty, or the general of her forces, or other person duly authorised in that behalf, shall, on production to them of such order, or a copy thereof, certified by the commanding officer, by some officer or non-commissioned officer of the regiment or corps so ordered to march, issue a warrant to any constable having authority to act in any place from, through, near, or to which the troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which warrants the fee of one shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the carriages, horses, and oxen, and drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient time to do the same, specifying the places from and to which the said carriages shall travel, and the distance between the places, for which distance only so specified payment shall be demanded, and which distance shall not, except in cases of pressing emergency, exceed a day's march prescribed in the order of route, and shall in no cases exceed twenty-five miles; and the constables receiving such warrants shall order such persons as they shall think proper, having carriages to furnish the requisite supply, who

1873.

Ch. 10.

57

are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient carriages cannot be procured within the proper jurisdiction, any justice of the next adjoining jurisdiction shall, by a like course of proceeding, supply the deficiency; and in order that the burden of providing carriages may fell equally, and to prevent inconvenience arising from there being no justice near the place where troops may be quartered on the march, any justice residing nearest to such place may cause a list to be made out once in every year of all persons liable to furnish such carriages, and of the number and description of their said carriages, (which list shall at all seasonable hours be open to the inspection of the said persons,) and may by warrant under his hand authorise the constable within his jurisdiction to give orders to provide carriages, without any special warrant for that purpose, which orders shall be valid in all respects; and all orders for such carriages shall be made from such lists in regular rotation, as far as the same can be done.

69. In every case in which the whole distance for which Rates to be any carriage shall be impressed shall be under one mile the P"d for car* rate of a full mile shall be paid; and the rates to be paid for carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every mile l&ting thereto, which a waggon with four or more horses, or a wain with six oxen or four oxen and two horses, shall travel, one shilling; and for every mile any waggon with narrow wheels, or any cart with four horses, carrying not less than fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, ninepence; and for every mile any other cart or carriage with less than four horses, and not carrying fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every hundredweight loaded on any wheel carriage, one halfpenny per mile; and in Great Britain such further rates may be added, not exceeding a total addition per mile of four-pence, threepence, or twopence, to the respective rates of one shilling, ninepence, or sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the justices assembled at general sessions for their respective districts, or to the recorder at the sessions of the peace of any municipal city, borough, or town; and the order of such justices or recorder shall specify the average price of hay and oats at the nearest market town at the time of fixing such additional rates, the period for which the order shall be enforced not exceeding ten days beyond the next general sessions; and no such order shall be valid unless a copy thereof, signed by the presiding magistrate and one other justice, or by the recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for the War Department within three days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain when the day's march shall exceed fifteen miles the justice granting his warrant may fix a further reasonable compensation, not exceeding the usual rate of hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional rates or compensation shall be granted, the justice shall insert in his own hand in the

88

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict-

As to supply of carriages i cases of emer gency, & c.

warrant the amount thereof, and the date of the order of sessions, if fixed by sessions, and the warrant shall be given to the officer commanding as his voucher; and the officer or non-commissioned officer demanding carriages by virtue of the warrant of a justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper sums into the hands of the constables providing carriages, who shall give receipts for the same on unstamped paper; and in Ireland the officers or non-commissioned officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper sums to the owners or drivers of the carriages, and one third part of such payment shall be made before the carriage be loaded and all the said payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the presence of a justice or constable; and no carriage shall be liable to carry more than thirty hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no car shall be liable to carry more than six hundredweight, and no dray more than twelve hundredweight; but the owner of such carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater weight shall be paid at the same rate for every hundredweight of the said excess; and the owners of such carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less weight, under the sum of threepence a mile for each car and sixpence a mile for each dray; and the loading of such carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the expense of the owner of the carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable time, without hindrance to Her Majesty's service; provided that a cart with one or more horses for which the furnisher shall receive ninepence a mile shall be required to carry fifteen hundredweight at the least; and no penalties or forfeitures in any Act relating to highways or turnpike roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the number of horses and oxen, or weight of loading of the aforesaid carriages, which shall not on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress carriages for the march of soldiers from Dublin, at least twenty-four hours notice of such march, and in case of emergency as long notice as the case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional number of cars and drays, at his discretion, out of the licensed cars and drays and other cars and drays within the county of the said city, and they shall by turns be employed on this duty at the prices and under the regulations herein-before mentioned; and no country cars, drays, or other carriages coming to markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the will of the owners in carrying the baggage of the army on any pretence whatsoever.

70. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant or chief governor of Ireland, by her or their order, distinctly stating that a case of emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the

Mutiny.

Ca. IflL

59

first clerk in the Military Department, to authorise any general or field officer commanding Her Majesty's forces in any district or place, or the chief acting agent for the supply of stores and provisions, by writing under his hand reciting such order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or chief governor aforesaid, to require all justices within their several jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their warrants for the provision, not only of waggons, wains, carts, and cars kept by or belonging to any person and for any use whatsoever, but also of saddle horses, coaches, post-chaises, chaises, and other four-wheeled carriages kept for hire, and of all horses kept to draw carriages licensed to carry passengers, and also of boats, barges, and other vessels used for the transport of any commodities whatsoever upon any canal or navigable river, as shall be meiAioned in the said warrants, therein specifying the place and distance to which such carriages or vessels shall go; and on the production of such requisition, or a copy thereof certified by the commanding officer, to such justice, by any officer of the corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any officer of the War Department, such justice shall take all the same proceedings in regard to such additional supply so required on such emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary provision of carriages; and all provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary supply of carriages, and the duties of officers and non-commissioned officers, justices, constables, and owners of carriages in that behalf, shall be to all intents and purposes applicable for the providing and payment, according to the rates of posting or of hire]usually paid for such other description of carriages or vessels so required on emergency, according to the length of the journey or voyage in each case, but making no allowance for post horse duty, or turnpike, canal, river, or lock tolls, which duty or tolls are hereby declared not to be demand&ble for such carriages and vessels while employed in such service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the baggage provisions, and military stores of such regiment, corps, or detachment, but also the officers, soldiers, servants, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to the same.

71. It shall be lawful for the justices of the peace assembled at their quarter sessions to direct the treasurer to pay, without fee, out of the public stock of the county or riding, or if such public stock be insufficient then out of moneys which the said justices shall have power to raise for that purpose, in like manner as for county gaols and bridges, such reasonable sums as shall have been expended by the constables within their respective jurisdictions for carriages and vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring the same, regard being had to the season of the year

Justices empowered to reimburse constables for sums expended by them.

Mutiny.

86 Vict.

Routes in Ireland.

Tolls.

Ferries.

Marching money on discharge.

and the condition of the ways by which such carriages and vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such justices shall direct such payments to be made out of the rogue money and assessments directed and authorised to be assessed and levied by an Act of the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-two.

72. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor for the time being of Ireland to depute, by warrant under his hand and seal, some proper person to sign routes in cases of emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's forces in Ireland, in the name of such Lord Lieutenant or chief governor.

73. All Her Majesty's officers and soldiers, on duty or on their march, and their horses and baggage, and all recruits marching by route, and all prisoners under military escort, and all enrolled pensioners in uniform when called out for training or in aid of the civil power, and all carriages and horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, when conveying any such persons as aforesaid, or their baggage, or stores, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from payment of any duties and tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any pier, wharf, quay, or landing place, or in passing along or over any turnpike or other roads or bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or ordinance, order or direction of any colonial legislature or other authority in any of Her Majesty's colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any boats, barges, or other vessels employed in conveying the said persons, horses, baggage, or stores along any canal from payment of tolls in like manner as other boats, barges, and vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in cases of emergency as herein-before enacted.

74. When any soldiers on service have occasion in their march by route to pass regular ferries in Scotland, the officer commanding may at his option pass over with his soldiers as passengers, and shall pay for himself and each soldier one half only of the ordinary rate payable by single persons, or may hire the ferry boat for himself and his party, debarring others for that time, and shall in all such cases pay only half the ordinary rate for such boat.

75. Every soldier enlisted in Great Britain or Ireland shall, when entitled to his discharge, if then serving abroad, be sent home, if he shall so require, free of expense, and shall be entitled to receive marching money from the place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive marching money from the place of his discharge,) to the parish or

1873. Mutiny. Ch. 10. 61

place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the time of his discharge decide to take up his residence (if the cost of conveyance to such place shall not exceed the cost of conveyance to the place of his original enlistment): Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to soldiers appointed sergeant instructors, or attached for completion of service, to the reserve forces.

76. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Ordinary extend to exempt any officer or soldier from being proceeded vovneof cri-against by the ordinary course of law, when accused of felony, not

or of misdemeanor, or of any crime or offence other than the fered with, misdemeanors and offences herein-before mentioned; and if Punishment of any commanding officer shall neglect or refuse, on application officm ob-being made to him for that purpose, to deliver over to the cm

civil magistrate any officer or soldier under his command, or J shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the officers of justice in apprehending any officer or soldier under his command, so accused as aforesaid, such commanding officer shall, upon conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's superior courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, or in any court of record in India, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in Her Majesty's service; and a certificate of such conviction, containing the substance and effect of the indictment only, omitting the formal part, with the copy of the entry of the judgment of the court thereon, shall be transmitted to the judge advocate general in London.

77. For enforcing a prompt observance of the rules and Penalty for orders for the due appropriation of the public funds applicable <jiwbedi«ce to army services, and in order that a true and regular account Dy ftgen may be kept and rendered by the agents for the several corps,

the said agents are hereby required to observe such orders as shall from time to time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any person, being or having been an agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such orders in relation to his duty as agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the pay of any officer or soldier for a longer period than tbq space of one month after the receipt thereof, he shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and, if still an agent, for the second offence be discharged from his employment as an army agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such employment thereafter, or, if he have ceased to be an army agent, shall for the second and every succeeding offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

egi

Penalty on trafficking in commissions.

Penalty for procuring false masters.

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

Penalty for inducing soldiers to desert

pH. M). Mutiny. 36 Vict.

78. Any person (except the Army Purchase Commissioners and persons acting under their authority by virtue of the provisions of the Regulation of the Forces Act, 1871,) who shall negotiate, act as agent for, or otherwise aid or connive at the sale "or purchase of any commission in Her Majesty's army shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds; and any person who shall negotiate, act as agent for, or otherwise aid or connive at any exchange in respect of which any sum of money or other consideration exceeding the sum or consideration sanctioned by the military authorities shall be given or received shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

79. Every person, not having any military commission, who shall give or procure to be given any untrue certificate, whereby to excuse any soldier for his absence from any muster or any other service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or indirectly cause to be taken any money or gratuity for mustering any soldiers, or for signing any muster rolls or duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds; and any person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon conviction before some justice of the peace residing near the place where such muster shall be made, forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds; and the informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

80. Every person (except such person or persons as shall be authorised by beating drder under the hand of the Secretary of State for the War Department) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed bills for the purpose of procuring recruits or substitutes for the line, embodied militia, or Her Majesty's Indian forces, or shall open or keep any house, place of rendezvous, or office, or receive any person therein under such bill or advertisement, as connected with the recruiting service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without permission in writing from the adjutant general, or from the Secretary of State in Council of India, (as the case may be,) shall forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

81. Any person who shall in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, or by any means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, procure any soldier to desert, or attempt to procure or persuade any soldier to desert, and any person who, knowing that any soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any soldier to be a deserter, shall conceal such deserter, or aid or assist such deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a

1873. Mutiny,

Ch. 10.

63

misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof before any two justices acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such offender shall at any time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term not exceeding six calendar months as the convicting justices shall think fit.

82. Any officer or soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Pendty for deserter, forcibly enter into or break open any dwelling-

house or outhouse, or shall give any order under which any deserters with-dwelling-house or outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or out *arrant, broken open, without a warrant from one or more justices of the peace, shall, on conviction thereof before two justices of the peace, forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

83. If any person shall convey or cause to be conveyed Penalties on

into any military prison appointed to be a public prison aidin8 e8caPe - j iL a, J r r r, or attempt to

under this Act any arms, tools, or instruments, or any mask e^pe of prior other disguise, in order to facilitate the escape of any soners, and on prisoner, or shall by any means whatever aid and assist any brea^L?if prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such prison, 9011 regula ons' whether an escape be actually made or not, such person shall be deemed guilty of felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be kept to penal servitude for any term not less than five years and not exceeding seven years, or be imprisoned, with or without bard labour, for any term not exceeding two years; and if any person shall bring or attempt to bring into such prison, in contravention of the existing rules thereof, any spirituous or fermented liquor, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds and not less than ten pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and if any person shall bring into such prison, to or for any prisoner, without the knowledge of the governor, any money, clothing, provisions, tobacco, letters, papers, or any other articles not allowed by the rules of the prison to be in the possession of a prisoner, or shall throw into the said prison any such articles, or shall by desire of any prisoner, without the sanction of the governor, carry out of the prison any of the articles aforesaid, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to be imprisoned, either with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month; and if any person shall assault or violently resist any officer of such prison in the execution of his duty, or shall aid or excite any person so to assault or resist any such officer, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, or, if the offender be a soldier already under sentence of imprisonment, he shall be liable

64

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

for every such offence, upon conviction thereof by a board of not less than three of the visitors of the prison, to be imprisoned, either with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding six calendar months, in addition to his original sentence, or to be subjected to corporal punishment not exceeding fifty lashes, or upon conviction thereof by a single visitor to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding seventy-two hours, in addition to his original sentence, or to be subjected to corporal, punishment not exceeding twenty-five lashes; or if such soldier shall, within forty-eight hours of the expiration of his original or of any additional sentence, be guilty of any offence against the rules of the prison, he may for every such offence, on conviction thereof by a board or by a single visitor, be ordered to be kept in prison for a period not exceeding seventy-two hours either in a dark cell or in a light cell, and with or without hard labour, on a bread and water diet, or otherwise; Certain pro- and all the provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for fb?re!rt^Ct# re£u*ati°11 or better ordering of gaols, houses of correction,

u)Utoapply or prisons in Great Britain shall be deemed to apply to all to military military prisons so far as any such provision relates to such

prisoni. offences; and it shall be lawful for the governor, provost

marshal, officer, or servant of any military prison to use and exercise all the powers and authorities given by any such Act to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of any prison, or to his or their assistants, to apprehend or to cause offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a justice or justices of the peace; and all the powers and authorities given by any such Act to any justice or justices of the peace to convict offenders in any of the above cases, together with the forms of convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like offences when committed in respect of military prisons; and all the provisions contained in any such Act relating to suits and actions prosecuted against any person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all suits and actions prosecuted against any person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of military prisons.

84. Any governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any military offender in the manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

Penalty on keepers of prisons for refusing to confine, &c. military offenders.

Penalty on purchasing soldiers' neces saries, stores, &c.

86. Any person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any soldier or deserter or any other person acting for or on his behalf, on any pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any soldier, or shall be employed by any soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any arms, ammunition, medals for good conduct or for distinguishment or other

1873.

Ch. 10.

65

service, clothes, or military furniture, or any provisions, or any sheets or other articles used in barracks provided under barrack regulations, or regimental necessaries, or any article of forage provided for any horses belonging to Her Majesty's service, or who shall have in his or her possession or keeping any such arms, ammunition, medals, clothes, furniture, provisions, spirits, articles, necessaries, or forage, and shall not give a satisfactory account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the colour of any clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, together with treble the value of all or any of the several articles of which such offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such offence, he shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds but not less than five pounds, and the treble value of all or any of the several articles of which such offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such forfeiture be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term, not exceeding six calendar months, as the convicting justice or justices shall think fit; and upon any information against any person for a second or any subsequent offence, a copy of the former conviction, certified by the proper officer having the care or custody of such conviction, or any copy of the same proved to be a true copy, shall be sufficient evidence to prove such former conviction; and if any credible person shall prove on oath before a justice of the peace, or person exercising like authority according to the laws of the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed, a reasonable cause to suspect that any person has in his or her possession, or on his or her premises, any property of the description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such offence shall have been committed, such justice may grant a warrant to search for such property as in the case of stolen goods; and if upon such search any such property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the officer charged with the execution of such waiTant, who shall bring the offender in whose possession the same shall be found before the same or any other justice of the peace, to be dealt with according- to law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the legislature of any of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, on the recommendation of the officer or officers for the time being administering the government thereof, but ndt otherwise, to make provision by law for reducing such pecuniary penalty, if not exceeding twenty pounds, to such amount as may to such legislature appear to be better adapted to the ability and pecuniary means of Her Majesty's subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same manner as the

66

CH.1Q.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Penalties on civil subjects offending against the laws relating to billets.

full penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the person or persons administering the ^government of any such foreign dominions as aforesaid, to exercise, in respect of the laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such powers and authorities as are by law vested in Her Majesty or in any such officer or officers as aforesaid in respect of any other law made or enacted by any sudh legislature.

86. If any constable or other person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any officers or soldiers in any part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such officer or soldier in any house not within the meaning of this Act, without the consent of the owner or occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any officer or soldier on duty, when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any money or reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any person from receiving such officer or soldier; or shall quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officers or soldiers, in any such houses, against the consent of the occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices as shall be directed to him for providing carriages, horses, or vessels, or shall demand more than the legal rates for the same; or if any person ordered by any constable in manner herein-before directed to provide carriages, horses, or vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the orders of such constable, or shall do any act or thing by which the execution of any warrants for providing carriages, horses, or vessels shall be hindered; or if any constable shall neglect to deliver in to the justices at quarter sessions lists of officers and soldiers of the foot guards quartered according to the provisions of this Act, or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective lists of the same; or if any person liable by this Act to have any officer or soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper accommodation or diet in the house in which such officer or soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several things directed to be furnished to officers and soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient stables, together with good and sufficient oats, hay, and straw, in Great Britain and Ireland for each horse, in such quantities and at such rates as herein-before provided; or if any innkeeper or victualler not having good and sufficient stables shall refuse to pay over to the person or persons who may provide stabling such allowance by way of compensation as shall be directed by any justice of the peace, or shall pay any sum or sums of money to any soldier on the march in lieu of furnishing in kind the diet and small beer to which such soldier is entitled; or if any toll collector shall demand and

187a.

CH.10.

67

receive toll from any of Her Majesty's officers or soldiers* on On toll col-duty or on their march, for themselves or for their horses, or lecto]? de_ from any recruits marching by route, or from any prisoners from offic^-s, under military escort, or from any trolled pensioners in soldiers, or for uniform when called out for training or in aid of the civil carriages; power, or for any carriages or horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, when conveying persons, or baggage, or stores, or returning therefrom, every such constable, victualler, toll-keeper, or other person respectively shall forfeit for every such offence, neglect, or refusal any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings; and if any and on persons person shall personate or represent himself to be a soldier or a personating recruit, with the view of fraudulently obtaining a billet, or BoldieT8'&c* money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than twenty shillings.

87. If any military officer shall take upon himself to quarter Penalties on soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or the military shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to or upon any mayor, constable, or other civil officer, tending to deter and l^srelating discourage any of them from performing any part of their to billets, duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said duty, such officer shall for every such offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the county by the oath of two credible witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any military employment in Her Majesty's service; provided that a certificate of such conviction shall be transmitted by one of the said justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary of State for the War Department, and that the said conviction be affirmed at some quarter sessions of the peace of the said county held next after the expiration of three months after such certificate of the justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any military officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, from any person, any money or reward for excusing the quartering of officers or soldiers, or shall billet any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or soldier, in any house, against the consent of the occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a general court-martial, be cashiered; and if any officer shall constrain any carriage to travel beyond the distance specified in the justice s warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due time for their return home on the same day, if it be practicable, except in the case of emergency for which the justice shall lnwe given license, or shall compel the driver of any carriage to take up any soldier or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman

Ch. 10.

Mubmy.

36 Vict.

68

to ride therein, except in the cases of emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any constable, by threatening words, to provide saddle horses for himself or servants, or shall force horses from their owners, or in Ireland shall force the owner to take any loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable time, or shall, contrary to the will of the owner or his servant, permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any carriage than is directed by this Act, such officer shall forfeit for every offence any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings.

Penalty on 88. For the better preservation of game and fish in or near withmfu&ve. places where any officers shall at any time be quartered, be it enacted, that every officer who shall, without leave in writing from the person or persons entitled to grant such leave, take, kill, or destroy any game or fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

at°Utwofactl0M Any action which shall be brought against any person

a w* for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be

brought within six calendar months after the doing thereof, and it shall be lawful for every such person to plead thereunto the general issue Not Guilty, and to give all special matter in evidence to the jury; and if the verdict shall be for the defendant in any such action, or the plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or suffer any discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such court shall see fit to assoilzie the defendant or dismiss the complaint^ the court in which the said matter shall be tried shall allow unto the defendant treble costs, for which the said defendant shall have the like remedy as in other cases where costs are by law given to defendants; and every action against any person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any member or minister of a court-martial in respect of any sentence of such court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in some one of the courts of record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other court whatsoever.

Recovery of 90. All offences for which any penalties and forfeitures are penalties. by this Act imposed not exceeding twenty pounds, over and above any forfeiture of value or treble value, shall and may be determined, and such penalties and forfeitures and forfeiture of value or treble value recovered, in every part of the United Kingdom, by and before one or more justice or justices of the peace, under the provisions of an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria" li & 12 Vici. intituled "An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties c* 43, (C of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and

" Wales, with respect to summary convictions and orders

1873. Mutiny. Ch. 10. 6$

Provided always, that in all cases in which there shall not be sufficient goods whereon any penalty or forfeiture can be levied, the offender may be committed and imprisoned for any time not exceeding six calendar months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in Ireland, for the recovery of all such penalties and forfeitures, as fully to all intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled "An Act to u A is Vict u consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the proceedings 93- at Petty Sessions, and the duties of Justices of the Peace " out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland," to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such offences committed in the British Isles or in any of Her Majesty's dominions beyond the seas maybe determined, and the penalties and forfeitures and forfeiture of value or treble value recovered, before any justices of the peace or persons exercising like authority according to the laws of the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed; and all penalties and forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding twenty pounds shall be recovered by action in some of the courts of record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other parts of Her Majesty's dominions, in any of the royal or superior courts of such isles or other parts of Her Majesty's dominions. In any proceeding under this Act whereby any person incurs a penalty or forfeiture, such person may also be adjudged to pay the costs of such proceeding by the justice or justices, or the court imposing such penalty or forfeiture.

91. One moiety of every penalty, not including any treble Appropriation value of any articles, adjudged or recovered under the pro- of penalties, visions of this Act, shall go to the person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the remainder of the penalty, together with the treble value of any articles, or, where the offence shall be proved by the person who shall inform, the whole of the penalty, shall be paid, in the United Kingdom, to the paymaster of the London recruiting district, St. George's Barracks, London, and in India to the military secretary of the government of the presidency!to which the court by whom the penalty shall be adjudicated shall be subject, and elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions to the local military accountant, to be at the disposal of the Secretary of State for the War Department, anything in an Act passed in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled "An Act to provide for the 5ft 6 W. 4.

" regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and © 76.

" Wales," or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary

70

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Mode of recording a soldiers settlement.

Licenses of canteens.

Attestation of accounts *

notwithstanding: Every justice or court adjudging any

penalty under this Act shall report the same immediately, if in the United Kingdom, to the said Secretary of State, if in India to the said military secretary, and if elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions to the general or other officer commanding at the station.

92. The Secretary of State for [the War Department may, if he think proper, cause any soldier on his discharge, and Ins wife or child, if occasion require, either with or without him, to be sent to the parish in which on his attestation as a recruit he stated himself to have been bora, and if delivered at the workhouse of that parish, or of the union comprising such parish, he shall then be received therein by the master or other proper officer thereof; but any justice in the United Kingdom within whose jurisdiction any soldier in Her Majesty's army, or on the permanent staff of the militia, having a wife or child, shall be billeted, may summon such soldier before him in the place where he is billeted, (which summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his examination in writing, upon oath, touching the place of his last legal settlement, and such justice shall give an attested copy of such examination to the person examined, to be by him delivered to his commanding officer, to be produced when required; which said examination and such attested copy thereof shall be at any time admitted as good and legal evidence of such last legal settlement before any justices or at any general or quarter sessions, although such soldier be dead or absent from the kingdom; provided that in case any soldier shall be again summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such examination or such attested copy thereof being produced by him or by any other person on his behalf, such soldier shall not be obliged to take any other oath with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave a copy of such examination, or a copy of such attested copy of examination, if required.

93. When any person shall hold any canteen under proper authority of the War Department, it shall be lawful for any two justices within their respective jurisdictions to grant or transfer any beer, wine, or spirit license to such persons, without regard to time of year or to the notices or certificates required by any Act in respect of such licenses; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper officers within their respective districts, shall also grant such licenses as aforesaid; and such persons so holding canteens, and having such licenses, may sell therein victuals and exciseable liquors, as empowered by such excise license, without being subject to any penalty or forfeiture.

94. All muster rolls and accounts and pay and pension lists which are required to be verified by declaration shall be

1873. Mutiny.

Ch. 10 *

71

so verified and attested free of stamp duty, and without fee or reward paid for such declaration or attestation.

95. All commissaries, regimental paymasters, and all other Commissaries, accountants for military services, upon making up their &c:to atte8t accounts, and all commissaries upon returning from any t*ea account8, foreign service, shall severally make the respective declarations described in the schedule to this Act annexed; which declarations, if made in any part of the United Kingdom,

shall be made before some justice, or other person authorised to administer oaths and declarations, and if made on foreign service shall be made before the officer commanding in chief, or the second in command, or the quartermaster or deputy quartermaster general or any assistant quartermaster general of the army, who shall respectively have power to administer and receive the same.

96. All oaths and declarations which are authorised and Administration required by this Act may be administered (unless where oaths-otherwise provided) by any justice of the peace, or other

person having authority to administer oaths and declarations; and any person taking ar false oath or declaration where an Perjury, oath or declaration is authorised or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or of wilfully making a false declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such pains and penalties as by law any person convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is subject and liable to; and every commissioned officer convicted before a general court-martial of perjury, or of wilfully making a false declaration, shall be cashiered, and every soldier or other person amenable to the provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a general, district, or garrison court-martial shall be punished at the discretion of such court. In India, in all cases where any oath is hereby required to be taken, or any person is hereby required to be sworn, a solemn declaration or affirmation may be substituted, if by the laws for the time being in force in India such declaration or affirmation would be allowed to be substituted in the place of an oath, in case the party were about to depose as a witness in a civil action in any of the supreme courts at the presidencies; and any person wilfully and knowingly giving false testimony on oath or solemn declaration or affirmation in any case wherein such oath or solemn declaration or affirmation shall have been made for the purpose of this Act, or any proceedings under this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and, being duly convicted thereof before a court-martial or otherwise, shall be liable to such pains and penalties as by any law in force in England, or by any law in force in India, any persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

72

Ch. 10.

36 Vict.

Offences gainst former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Officers and soldiers to conform to 26 & 27 Vict. c. 67., Sec.

Where troops are senring beyond the jurisdiction of the courts of requests, See., actions of debt not exceeding 400 rupees to be cognizable by a military court

Mutiny.

07. All crimes and offences which have been committed against any former Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, or against any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in the service of the East India Company, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of either of the same, may, during the continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every warrant for holding any court-martial under any such former Act shall remain in full force, and all proceedings of courts-martial convened and held under any such warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the date of the warrant for such trial, unless the person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest impediment, shall not have been amenable to justice within that period, in which case such person shall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding two years after the impediment shall have ceased.

98. It shall be the duty of all officers and soldiers to observe and conform to the provisions contained in "The Regimental Debts Act, 1863/' and in the regulations for the better execution of the purposes of the said Act prescribed from time to time by warrant under the Royal Sign Manual.

99. In all places in India where any body of Her Majesty's forces may be serving situate beyond the jurisdiction of any court of small causes established by or under the authority of the Governor General of India in Council, actions of debt and all personal actions against officers or against persons licensed to act as sutlers, or other persons amenable to the provisions of this Act not being soldiers, shall be cognizable before a court of requests composed of military officers, and not elsewhere, provided the value in question shall not exceed four hundred rupees, and that the defendant was a person of the above description when the cause of action arose, which court the commanding officer of any camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post is hereby authorised and empowered to convene. Whenever owing to paucity of officers, or to any other cause, a court of requests cannot conveniently be held at the station where the defendant or defendants may be, it shall be lawful for the officer commanding the division or district to authorise the assembly of a court by the officer commanding at the nearest place where such court can be formed. Courts of requests shall in all practicable cases consist of five commissioned officers, and in no instance of less

1873. Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

73

than three, and the president thereof shall in all practicable cases be a field officer, and in no case be under the rank of a captain, and every member shall have served five years as a commissioned officer; and the president and members assisting at any such court, before any proceedings be had before it, shall take the following oath, which oath shall be administered by the president of the court to the other members thereof, and to the president by any member having first taken the oath; (that is to say,)

T swear, that I will duly administer justice

' according to the evidence in the matters that shall be ' brought before me. So help me GOD. '

And all witnesses before any such court shall be examined in the same manner as in the case of a trial by courts-martial. All actions of debt and personal actions against persons amenable to this Act within the jurisdiction of any court of small causes shall be cognizable by such court to the extent of its powers; and all such actions where the amount sued for exceeds four hundred rupees shall be cognizable by a civil court or court of small causes only; and it shall be competent for any civil court or court of small causes, or for any military court of requests held in lieu thereof under the authority of this section, upon finding or awarding any debt or damage, either to award execution thereof generally, or to direct specially that the whole or any part thereof shall be stopped and paid over to the plaintiff out of any part not exceeding one half of any pay or allowance, or out of any other public money which may respectively be coming to the defendant in the current or any future month or months, or to direct the same to be so paid by instalments. In regard to awards of execution general civil courts and courts of small causes shall proceed in accordance with the rules of procedure for such courts in India; and in all cases where execution shall be awarded generally by a military court of requests, the debt, if not paid forthwith, shall be levied by seizure and public sale of such of the defendant's goods and property as may be found within the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post, under a written order of the commanding officer, grounded on the judgment of the court, and all orders of such commanding officer as to the manner of such sale, or the person by whom the same shall be made, or otherwise respecting the same, shall be valid and binding; and any goods and property of the defendant found within the limits of the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post to which the defendant shall belong at any subsequent time shall be liable to be seized and sold in like manner in satisfaction of any remainder of such debt or damages; and if any question shall arise whether any such effects or property are liable to be taken in execution as aforesaid, the decision and order of the said commanding

74 Ch. 10. Mutiny. 36 Vict.

officer shall be final and conclusive with respect to the same, and if sufficient goods shall not be found within the limits of the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post, then any public money or any part not exceeding one half of the pay or allowances accruing to the defendant shall be stopped in liquidation of such debt or damages; and if such defendant shall not receive pay as an officer or from any public department, but be a sutler, servant, or follower, he may be arrested by like order of the commanding officer, and imprisoned in some convenient place within the military boundaries for any period not exceeding two months, unless the debt be sooner paid; and the said commanding officer shall not, nor shall any person acting on his orders in respect of the matters aforesaid, incur any liability to any person or persons whomsoever for any act done by him in pursuance of the provisions aforesaid; and in cases where the said court shall direct specially that the whole or any part of the debt or damages shall be stopped and paid out of part of any pay and allowances, or out of any public money, the same shall be stopped and paid accordingly in conformity with direction: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall enable any such action as aforesaid to be brought in a military court of requests by any officer or soldier against any officer: Provided also, that the articles of military equipment of any defendant shall not be deemed " goods and property " under this section.

Provisions 100. The government of any of the presidencies in India

relating to may suspend the proceedings of any court-martial held in on^officere^d on any °&ceT or soldier belonging to Her Majesty's

soldiers of Her Indian forces within such presidencies respectively; and if any Majesty's officer belonging to Her Majesty's Indian forces shall think Indian forces, wronged by the officer commanding the regiment,

and shall upon due application made to him not receive the redress to which he may consider himself entitled, he may complain to his commander-in-chief in order to obtain justice, who is hereby required to examine into such complaint, and thereupon, either by himself or -by his adjutant general, to make his report to the government of the presidency to which such officer belongs, in order to receive the further directions of such government.

As to trial 101. Any officer or soldier, or other person subject to this of officers and Act, who shall be serving in the territories of any foreign state in India or in any country in India under the protection of Her Majesty, or at any place in Her Majesty's dominions in India (other than Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, or Malacca), at a distance of upwards of one hundred and twenty miles from the presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, and who shall be accused of having committed any offence which, if committed in England, would

1873. Mutiny. Ch. 10. 1

be punishable by the criminal lair there, may, if the same be also punishable under the Indian penal code for the time being, be tried by a general court-martial to be appointed by the general or other officer commanding in chief in such place for the time being, and, if found guilty, shall be liable to be sentenced by such court-martial to suffer such punishment as may legally be awarded by any of Her Majesty's courts of criminal jurisdiction within Her Majesty's dominions of India in respect of a like offence committed within the jurisdiction of such last-mentioned court; but no sentence of a general court-martial for any such offence shall be carried into execution until the same shall have been duly confirmed; and it shall be lawful for such general or other officer commanding in chief as aforesaid to confirm the sentence of any such general court-martial; and such general or other officer as aforesaid may, if he shall think fit, suspend, mitigate, or remit the sentence; or, in the case of a sentence of penal servitude, may commute the same to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for such period as to him shall seem fit: Provided always, that in all cases wherein a sentence of death or penal servitude shall have been awarded by any such general court-martial held for the trial of a commissioned officer, or where a sentence of death shall have been awarded by any such general court-martial held for the trial of any person subject to this Act other than a commissioned officer, such sentence shall not be carried into execution until it shall have been dnly approved by the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council of the presidency in the territories subordinate to which the offender shall have been tried: Provided also, that any person who may have been so tried as aforesaid shall not be tried for the same offence by any other court whatsoever.

102. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great Duration of Britain from the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eightthis Act hundred and seventy-three inclusive until the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and -in Jersey,

Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the islands thereto belonging, from the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three inclusive until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four; and shall be and continue in force within the garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three inclusive until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four; and shall be and continue in force in all other parts of Europe where Her Majesty's forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

7<?

three inclusive until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four; and shall be and continue in force in India, and within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its dependencies. Saint Helena, and the settlements on the western coast of Africa, from the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four inclusive until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five; and shall be and continue in force within British Columbia and Vancouver's Island from the date of the promulgation thereof in general orders there inclusive until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five; and shall be and continue in force in all other places from the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five inclusive until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the receipt and promulgation thereof in general orders in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere beyond the seas, become and be in full force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

Interpretation. 103. The words Commander-in-Chief in this Act shall be held to include the field marshal or other officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces for the time being.

Amendment of 104. The sixth section of the Army Enlistment Act, 1870, Amy Enlist- shall be amended as follows; that is to say, ment Act, 1870. The Secretary of State may, from time to time, by any

general or special regulation, permit recruits to be enlisted for particular regiments or corps, and in such case they shall be attached to such regiment or corps; and the word corps shall in this Act, and in the Army Enlistment Act, 1870, as to future enlistments, include a brigade constituted of two or more regiments associated by general order or royal warrant for the purposes of enlistment or service.

Militia may be 105. Her Majesty may, by order of one of her Principal attached to^ Secretaries of State, and subject to such conditions as may be re£u ar orces. determined by him, attach to any corps of the army in the United Kingdom any regiment or regiments of militia, and the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men (including the permanent staff) of any such regiment or regiments so attached shall be deemed for all purposes to form part of the corps to which they are attached: Provided that no person belonging to the militia shall be required to serve for a longer period, or in any other country, than that during and in which he might have been required to serve, or shall be liable to any greater punishment than that to which he might have been subjected, if this Act had not passed.

1873. Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

77

106. Her Majesty may, by order of one of her Principal Secretaries of State, and subject to such conditions as may be determined by him, attach to any corps of the army in the United Kingdom any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men (including the permanent staff) of any corps so attached shall be deemed for all purposes to form part of the corps of the army to which they are attached: Provided that no person belonging to the yeomanry or volunteers shall be required to serve in any other manner than that in which he might have been required to serve, or shall be liable to any greater punishment than that to which he might have been subjected, if this Act had not passed.

107. Notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, a soldier shall be liable to contribute to the maintenance of his wife and of his children, and also to the maintenance of any bastard child of which he may be proved to be the father, to the same extent as if he were not a soldier, but execution shall not issue against his military necessaries or equipments, nor shall he be liable to be imprisoned or taken out of Her Majesty's service in consequence of such liability or any order made for enforcing the same; nor shall he be liable to be punished as an idle or disorderly person, or as a rogue and vagabond, or as an incorrigible rogue, under the Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter eighty-three, intituled An Act for the punishment of idle " and disorderly persons and rogues and vagabonds in that " part of Great Britain called England," or under any other Act of Parliament, for the offence of neglecting to maintain his family or any member thereof, or of leaving his family or any member thereof chargeable to any parish, township, or place, or combination of parishes, or to the common fund of any union, nor shall he in Ireland be liable to be convicted under the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make provision for the punishment of " vagrants and persons offending against the laws in force for the relief of the destitute poor in Ireland," for the offence of deserting or wilfully neglecting to maintain his wife or any child whom he may be liable to maintain, so that such wife or child shall become destitute and be relieved in or out of the workhouse of any union in Ireland.

When any order is made under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor, or under the Bastardy Acts, on a soldier, or, in Scotland, decree is pronounced by a court of law, having jurisdiction, in an action of aliment or filiation and aliment against a soldier, for the maintenance of his wife or children, or for the maintenance of any such bastard child as aforesaid,

Yeomanry er volunteers ratty be attached to regular forces.

Liabin ty of soldier to maintain wife and children.

78

Ch. 10.

Mutiny.

36 Vict.

or any of such persons, or where, in Ireland, any civil bill decree has been made for the cost of the maintenance of any illegitimate child against any soldier being the putative father of such child, under the provisions of the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the law enabling Boards of Guardians to " recover costs of maintenance of illegitimate children in certain cases in Ireland," or when any order or decree has been made on or against any soldier for the recovery of the cost of any relief given to the wife or child of such soldier under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor in Ireland by way of loan, a copy of such order or decree shall be left at the office of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the said Secretary of State may withhold a portion not exceeding sixpence of the daily pay of a non-commissioned officer who is not below the rank of sergeant, and not exceeding threepence of the daily pay of any other soldier, and allot the sum so withheld in liquidation of the sum adjudged to be paid by such order or decree.

Where a summons is issued against a soldier under the said Acts or any of them, or an action is raised against him at common law or under any Act of Parliament, for the purpose of enforcing against him any such liability as aforesaid, and such soldier is quartered out of the petty sessional division in which the summons is issued, or out of the jurisdiction of the court in which the action is raised, the summons shall be served on his commanding officer, and such service shall not be valid unless there be left therewith, or along with the service copy thereof, in the hands of the commanding officer, a sum of money to be adjudged as costs incurred in obtaining the order or decree (should an order be obtained or decree pronounced against the soldier) sufficient to enable him to attend the hearing of the case and return to his quarters; and no summons whatever under the said Acts or any of them, or at common law, shall be valid against a soldier if served after the time at which an order has been given for the embarkation for service out of the United Kingdom of the body of troops to which the soldier belongs.

Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

79

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

I of do make oath, that I am

by trade a and that was bound

to serve as an apprentice to me in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of, for the term of

years; and that the said did on or about the day

of abscond and quit my service without my consent;

and that to the best of my knowledge and belief the said is aged about # years. Witness my hand at

the day of one thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at this

day of one thousand eight hundred and

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T one of Her Majesty's justices of the

to wit J 1 peace of certify, that

of came before me at the day

of one thousand eight hundred and,

and made oath that he was by trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an apprentice to him in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of, for the

term of years; and that the said apprentice did on or

ubout the day of abscond and quit the service

of the said without his consent, and that to the

best of his knowledge and belief the said apprentice is aged about years.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's colonies or possessions has absconded.

T of do make oath, that was

bound to me to serve as an indentured labourer by indenture dated the day of for the term of years, and

that the said did on or about the day

of abscond and quit my service without my consent.

Witness, fyc, [as for apprentice.]

80

Ch. 10.

Mutiny. '

36 Vict.

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an indentured Labourer.

1 T one of Her Majesty's justices of the

to wit. j J- peace of certify, that of

came before me at the day

of and made oath that was bound to serve

as an indentured labourer to him by indenture dated the day of for the term of years, and that

the said indentured labourer did on or about the day of abscond and quit the service of the said

without his consent.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's Accounts.

I do solemnly and sincerely declare, that I

have not applied any moneys or stores or supplies under my care or distribution to my own use, or to the private use of any other person by way of loan to such person or otherwise, or in any manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than public purposes, according to the duty of my office.

Declared before me by the within-named this day of J

Justice of the Peace of

or commander-in-chief or second in command\ et cater a, the army serving in et catera [as

the case may be] *

(*) Insert the

Paymaster's

name.

(2) Describe the corps.

(5) If the Paymaster musters, insert me; if otherwise, state by whom the musters were taken, ndriinir the words. 1o the best of my knowledge find belief.

Form of Declaration of a Paymaster's Accounts.

I(x) do solemnly and sincerely declare, that

the commissioned and non-commissioned officers, and all other persons belonging to the (2) have been mustered

by (3) on the days prescribed, and in the manner

directed by the regulations of the service.

Also, that the present account contains charges of pay and allowances for only such commissioned and non-commissioned officers, and other persons belonging to the (2) as were effective

and entitled thereto during the periods set against their names, and that the true reason of every absence or circumstance affecting pay or allowances is also stated against their names and properly accounted for.

(») In writhe nmouuts in words.

Also, that the sum for which I have taken credit in this account for the pay of commissioned officers has been actually paid to them respectively.

Also, that the whole of the sums for which I have taken credit in this account, amounting to (4), have been actually

and bon& fide disbursed by me in conformity with the regulations of

Mutiny.

Ch. 10.

the service, and that the total sum received or drawn for the several services therein charged, including every receipt whatever, with which I am required to debit myself in this account, is (1) .

---- Paymaster.

Declared and subscribed before!__________a Justice of the

me, at this >

day of 187 ., J Peace for -

Paymaster's Sureties. Premium on Policy of Guarantee.

Names. Addresses. Date when last paid. Date when next due.

Certified,

Paymaster.

Fobic of Declaration of Attestation of the Accounts of a Control Paymaster.

T HEREBY solemnly and sincerely declare, that this account, comprised in folios, is just and true, according to the

best of my knowledge, information, and belief; and I make this declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Declared before me, at this day of

18

________Control Paymaster.

__________Justice of the

Peace for ---- .

0) Insert the amounts in words.

W.O. Form 87.

Descriptive Return of who* at on the day of and was committed to confinement

at on the day of as a deserter from the Bn. of the Regiment of

After the word " who " to be inserted either tin worth "ww apprehended," or surrendered himself," as the case may be.

Age -

Feet

Height -

Inches.

Complexion

Hair

Eyes -Marks -

In uniform or plain clothes

it should, if it Probable date of enlistment, and where *

can bo ascertained behore inserted, in case of Probable date of desertion* and from

a wswtvmit- n*nArriA *

a recruit, whether he received pay other than enlist-

what place.

in* money, or, _ _, _ ,

enlisting money Name, occupation, and address of the

on1'' person by whom or through whose

means the deserter was apprehended

and secured, f

Particulars in the evidence on which the prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what manner, and upon what grounds. The fullest possible details to be given.

t It is important for the public service, and for the interest of the deserter, that this part of the return should be accurately filled up, and the details should be inserted by the magistrate in his own handwriting, or, under his direction, by his clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my pre-t Insert sence that hej a deserter from the before-mentioned may be. corps, and I recommend§

for a reward of *.

Signature 1 Residence I Post Tovm\

of committing Magistrate.

Signature of prisoner. Signature of informant

§ It is requested that the magistrate will insert the name of the person to whom tho reward is due, and the amount [5*., 10*., 15*., or 20*.,] which, in his opinion, should bo

printed in this particular case.

1873. Marine Mutiny.

C H. 11.

S3

CHAPTER 11.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[24th April 1873.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or merchant ships or vessels, or ships or vessels of Her Majesty, or other ships or vessels, or they maybe under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such forces in their duty that an exact discipline be observed, and that marines who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's service, or be guilty of any other crime or offence in breach of or to the prejudice of good order and discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Power to Lord Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from time to time to make, ordain, alter, and Articles fo/the establish Rules and Articles of War, under the hand of the punishment of said Lord High Admiral, or under the hands of any two jj^&^deser- or more of the said Commissioners for the better government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, and for the punishment of mutiny, desertion, immorality, breach of discipline, misbehaviour, neglect of duty, and any other offence or misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's dominions, or at any time when or under any circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the laws for the government of Her Majesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea, and for regulating the proceedings of courts-martial, which rules and articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges and in all

84 Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 36 Vict.

courts whatsoever; and copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being (certified under his hand) to the judges of Her Majesty's superior courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the governors of Her Majesty's dominions abroad; provided that no person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or within the British Isles shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, or to be kept in penal servitude, except for crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any manner which may be inconsistent with the provisions of this Act.

As to offences 2. All crimes and offences committed against any former Sfutinv Acts* ma(^e for regulation of the Royal Marine forces while an? Articles of on shore, or against any of the rules, regulations, or Articles War. of War made and established by virtue of the same, may,

during the continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every warrant for holding any court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full force notwithstanding the expiration of such Act; and all proceedings of any court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the expira-Limitation as tion of the same: Provided always, that no person shall be liable to time* to be tried and punished for any offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the date of the commission or warrant for such trial, unless the person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest impediment, shall not have been amenable to justice within that period, in which case such person shall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding two years after the impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any officer or marine in any place beyond the seas shall commit any of the offences punishable by court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such offence had been committed within this realm.

Provisions of 3# This Act shall extend to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, ex^endW Jer- Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, se). &c. as to the provisions herein contained for enlisting of recruits, whether minors or of full age, and swearing and attesting such recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the provisions for trial and punishment of officers and marines who shall be charged with mutiny and desertion or any other of the

1873. Marine Mutiny.

, Ch. 11.

85

offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the sentence of a court-martial, and also to the provisions which relate to the punishment of persons who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, medals for good conduct or for distinguished or other service, clothes, military furniture, or regimental necessaries from any marine or deserter, or who shall cause the colour of any such clothes to be changed; and also to the provisions for exempting marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any parish any wife or child or children, or on account of any breach of contract to serve or work for any employer, or on account of any debts under thirty pounds in the said islands.

4. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to The ordinary extend to exempt any officer or marine from being proceeded course of law against by the ordinary course of law when accused of felony 1°tteJfe>e^ with. or misdemeanor, or of any misdemeanor other than the misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an order of justices for the payment of money; and any commanding officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due application shall be made to him for that purpose, to deliver over to the civil magistrate any officer or iuarine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any peace officer in apprehending any such offender, shall, upon conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any civil or military office or employment in Her Majesty's service; and a certificate of such conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

5. No person subject to this Act having been acquitted or No person tried

convicted of any crime or offence by the civil magistrate or by ^be united

the verdict of a jury shall be liable to be again tried for the by court-mar-

same crime or offence by a court-martial, or to be punished for tial for same

the same otherwise than by cashiering in the case of a com- jffenct* except

t/ o uv cashierin' '

missioned officer, or in the case of a warrant officer by reduction geo. r to an inferior class, or to the rank of a private marine, by order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or in the case of a non-commissioned officer by reduction to the ranks, by order of the commandant of the division to which such non-commissioned officer may belong; and whenever any officer or marine shall have been tried before a court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, the clerk of the court or other officer having the custody of the records of such court, or the deputy of such clerk, shall, if required by the officer commanding the division to which such officer or marine belongs, transmit to him a certificate containing the substance and effect only, omitting the formal part, of the indictment, conviction, and entry of [iVo. 8. Price 2d] H

Call.

Marine Mutiny.

36 Vict.

judgment thereon or acquittal of such officer or marine, and shall be allowed for such certificate a fee of three shillings.

Marines to be g. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces shall, during d^iplkeof6 the time they shall be respectively borne on the books of or the navy while be on board any of Her Majesty's ships or vessels in commis-on board ship. si0Dj either as part of the complement or as supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the laws for the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea, and to the rules and discipline of the Royal Navy for the time being, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for offences committed by them whilst so borne or on board, in the same manner as the officers and seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any marine officers or marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's ships, and be employed in military operations on shore, and when on such occasions the senior naval officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an order declaring that such marine officers and marines shall during such employment on shore be subject to the regulations of this Act, in which cases, and while such order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly for any offences to be committed by them while so on shore; and, with or without any commission or warrant from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for that purpose, the officer commanding in chief or commanding for the time being any such marine officers or marines shall have power and authority to convene, and to authorise any officer to convene, courts-martial under this Act, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the Royal Marine forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such officer shall have taken upon himself such command: Provided always, that if any marine officer or marine so borne on the books of any of Her Majesty's ships or otherwise shall commit any offence for which he shall not be amenable to a naval court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same manner as other officers or marines may be tried and punished for the like offences under the authority of this Act; or if the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct* he may be so tried and punished for any offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a naval court-martial for the same.

Power to Lord 7, It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or ^e Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High commissions Admiral aforesaid, from time to time to grant commissions or for holding warrants under the hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or

martial, under the hands of any two or more of the said Commissioners for the bolding of general and other courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

1878L

larvae Muting.

Cta.ll.

87

and elsewhere out of the same, in like manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to justice, and to erect and constitute courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's garrisons or # dominions or elsewhere beyond the seas, and to grant commissions or warrants to the officer or officers commanding in chief or commanding for the time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other dominions, and in any foreign parts out of the same dominions, for convening, as well as for authorising any officer to convene, couri^martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the Royal Marine forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such officer shall have taken upon himself such command, or before or after any such commission or warrant shall be granted, provided that the officer so authorised be not below the degree of a field officer, except in detached situations beyond seas, where a captain may be authorised to convene district or garrison courts-martial; and any person subject to Place where this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's dominions or else- ma}

where, commit any of the offences for which he may be liable to be tried by court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, or other place where he may have come or be after the commission of the offence, as if the offence had been committed where such trial shall take place.

8. Every general court-martial convened within the United Power of Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than nine Sf°^}coarts" commissioned officers, each of whom shall have held a commission for three years before the date of the assembly of

the court. Every general court-martial shall have power to sentence any officer of marines or marine to suffer death, penal servitude, imprisonment, forfeiture of pay or pension, or any other punishment which shall accord with the usage of the service; but no sentence of death by a court-martial shall pass unless two thirds at least of the officers present shall concur therein. No sentence of penal servitude shall be for a period of less than five years, and no sentence of imprisonment shall be for a period longer than two years.

9. Every district or garrison court-martial convened within Powers of the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not ^lccto^ar* less than seven commissioned officers and shall have the same martial, power as a general court-martial to sentence any marine to

such punishments as shall accord with the provisions of this Act; provided that the sentence of a district or garrison court-martial shall be confirmed by the general officer, governor, or senior officer in command of the district, garrison,

36 Vict.

Powers of divisional and detachment courts-martial

("ourts-martial on line of march or in Transport

ships, &c.

Powers of detachment general courts-martial.

Officers of the marine and land forces may sit in conjunction on courts-martial.

Ch. 11. Marbve Mutiny,

island, or colony, and that no such district or garrison court-martial shall have power to try a commissioned officer, or to pass any sentence of death or penal servitude.

10. A divisional or detachment court-martial shall consist of not less than five commissioned officers, unless it be found impracticable to assemble that number, in which case three shall be sufficient, and shall have power to sentence any marine to corporal punishment or to imprisonment, and forfeiture of pay, in such manner as shall accord with the provisions of this Act.

1L In cases of mutiny and insubordination accompanied with personal violence or of other offences committed on the line of march, or on board any transport ship, convict ship, or merchant vessel, the offender may be tried by a divisional or detachment court-martial, and the sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the spot by the officer in immediate command, provided that the sentence shall not exceed that which a divisional court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any officer commanding any detachment or portion of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, upon complaint made to him of any offence committed against the property or person of any inhabitant of or resident in any country in which Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces are so serving by any person under the immediate command of any such officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a detachment general court-martial, which shall consist of not less than three commissioned officers, for the trial of any such person, notwithstanding such officer shall not have received any warrant empowering him to assemble courts-martial; and every such court-martial shall have the same powers in regard to summoning and examining witnesses, trial of and sentence upon offenders, as are granted by this Act to general courts-martial: Provided always, that no sentence of any such detachment court-martial shall be executed until the officer commanding the army to which the division, brigade, detachment, or party to which any person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. When it is necessary or expedient, a court-martial composed exclusively of officers of the Royal Marines, or a court-martial composed of officers of Her Majesty's Army, or of Her Majesty's Indian Army, or of both or of either, together with officers of the Royal Marines, whether the commanding officer by whose order such court-martial is assembled belongs to the land or to the marine forces, may try a person belonging to any one of the said three services; provided that when the person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, then the provisions of this Act, or of such Act as shall

Marnie Mutiny.

Ca.ll.

89

be then and there in force for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore, and the oaths therein respectively prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to the Royal Marines then and there in force, shall be applicable to such court, and the proceedings thereof and relating thereto; but where the person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Army, or shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be within the United Kingdom, then the proceedings of such court shall be regulated as if the court were composed of officers of Her Majesty's Army only, and the provisions of the Act then and there in force for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and the oaths therein prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to Her Majesty's Army then and there in force, shall be applicable to such court, and the proceedings thereof and relating thereto; and where the person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army and be out of the United Kingdom, the provisions of such Act or Acts as shall be then and there in force for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, and the Rules and Articles of War, if any, relating to such officers and soldiers then and there in force, shall be applicable to such court, and the proceedings thereof and relating thereto.

14. Provided there be no superior officer of Her Majesty's If no superior land forces present in command of a district, garrison, station, resent

or place where marines may be serving, it shall be lawful for in^m^nd of any officer of the Royal Marine corps of the degree of a field a district, &c., officer, and holding a commission from the Lord High Admiral," °.fficer of or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, for that purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or court-martial, assemble a district or garrison court-martial, to be composed as before stated, and for such court to proceed to try any marine or marines below the rank of commissioned officer for any of the offences cognizable by a district or garrison court-martial; but the sentence so awarded by any such court shall not be carried into effect until the senior officer of the Royal Marines in the district, garrison, station, or place, not being a member of the court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such superior officer of Her Majesty's land forces present in command of the district, garrison, station, or place where marines may be, in such case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such district or garrison court-martial for the trial of any marine or marines below the rank of a commissioned officer, and for such court-martial to try any such marine or marines in conformity with the provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the sentence which may be awarded by any such court which may be convened or assembled by

President of courts-martial.

Proceedings at trial.

any such superior officer shall not be carried into effect until such superior officer shall have confirmed the same.

15. The president of every court-martial shall be appointed by or under the authority of the officer convening such courts, and shall in no case be the confirming officer, or the officer whose duty it has been to investigate the charges on which the prisoner is to be arraigned, nor, in the case of a general court-martial, under the degree of a field officer, unless where a field officer cannot be had, nor in any case whatsoever under the degree of a captain, save in the case of a detachment general court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's dominions, or of a divisional or detachment court-martial holden on the line of march, or on board a transport ship, convict ship, merchant vessel, or troop ship not in commission, or on any foreign station where a captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the case of a detachment general court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's dominions the officer convening such court may be the president thereof.

16. In all trials by court-martial, as soon as the president and other officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their names shall be read over in the hearing of the prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the president or by any of such officers, and if the prisoner shall then object to the president, such objection, unless disallowed by two thirds at least of the other officers appointed to form the court, shall be referred to the decision of the authority by whom such president shall have been appointed; but if he object to any officer other than the president, such objection shall be decided by the president and the other officers so aforesaid appointed to form the court; and when the place of the president or other officer in respect of whom any challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some officer in respect of whom no challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the president and the other officers composing a general court-martial shall take the oaths in the schedule to this Act annexed before the judge advocate or his deputy or person officiating as judge advocate, and on trials by other courts-martial before the president of such court, who are hereby respectively authorised to administer the same, and any sworn member may administer the oath to the president; and as soon as the said oaths shall have been administered to the respective members, the president of the court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, the oath in the schedule to this Act annexed; and no proceeding or trial shall be had upon any offence but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning and four in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example, and

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 11.

91

except in the East Indies, where such proceedings or trial may be had between the hours of six in the morning and four in the afternoon.

17. All general and other courts-martial shall have power Swearing and and authority and are hereby required to administer an oath summoning to every witness or other person who shall be examined before wltne8ses-such court in any matter relating to any proceeding before

the same; and every person, as well civil as military, who may be required to give or produce evidence before a court-martial, shall, in the case of general courts-martial, be summoned by the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, and in the case of all other courts-martial by the president of the court; and all persons so summoned and attending as witnesses before any court-martial shall, during their necessary attendance in or on such courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the court out of which the writ or process issued by which sucti witness was arrested; or if such court be not sitting, then by any judge of the superior courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the courts of law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such court or judge by any affidavit in a summary way that such witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such court-martial; and all witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the documents being under their power or control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give evidence or to answer all such questions as the court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, sheriff or stewart courts in Scotland, or in the courts of law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, garrisons, or dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon complaint made, in like manner as if such witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a trial in any proceeding in the court in which such complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an oath necessary in any case where by law a solemn affirmation may be made instead thereof.

18. No officer or marine who shall be acquitted or convicted No second trial, of any offence shall be liable to be tried a second time by the but revision same or any other court-martial for the same offence; and no a owed* finding, opinion, or sentence given by any court-martial, and

signed by the president thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional evidence in respect of any charge

92 Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 36 Vict.

on which the prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the court on any revision.

Crimes punish- 19. If any person who is or shall be commissioned or in pay

deatluith 88 an officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in pay as a non-commissioned officer, drummer, or private man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, shall at any time during the continuance of this Act, while on shore in any place within the said kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's dominions, or> in any foreign parts out of such dominions, or on board any transport ship, or merchant ship or vessel, or any ship or vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any convict hulk or ship, or any other ship or vessel, or in any place whatever, where or while being in any circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or sedition in Her Majesty's marine or other forces, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress any such mutiny or sedition, or shall conspire with any other person to cause a mutiny, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny or intended mutiny shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer; or shall misbehave himself before the enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post to deliver up to the enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak words or use any other means to induce such governor or commanding officer or any other to misbehave before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post, or guard committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his post before being regularly relieved, or shall sleep on his post; or shall hold correspondence with or give advice or intelligence to any rebel, pirate, or enemy of Her Majesty, either by letters, messages, signs, tokens, or any other ways or means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any terms with any such rebel, pirate, or enemy, without the license of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the time being; or shall strike or use or offer any violence against his superior officer being in the execution of his office, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer; or who being confined in a military prison shall offer any violence against a visitor or other officer being in the execution of his office, or shall violate any law or regulation of or relating to any military prison; or shall desert from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces: every person so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, whether

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 11.

93

such offence be committed within this realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's dominions, or in foreign parts upon land or upon the sea, shall suffer death or penal servitude or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be awarded:

Provided always, that any non-commissioned officer or marine in pay in any division or company who shall, without having first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other division or company, or in any other branch of Her Majesty's service, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

20. In all cases where the punishment of death shall have Commutation been awarded by a general court-martial or by a detachment of death f?J

o / DCiUu servitude

general court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if £ imprison-in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the ment, &c. commanding officer having authority to confirm the sentence, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order the offender to be kept to penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such term of imprisonment, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, as shalTseem meet to Her Majesty or to the officer commanding as aforesaid.

2L Any officer or marine, or any person employed or in any Embezzlement way concerned in the care or distribution of any money, pro- p^shable by visions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other stores t^d^imprison-belonging to any of Her Majesty's forces or for Her Majesty's ment, &c. use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a general court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in penal servitude for any term not less than five years, or to suffer such punishment of fine, imprisonment with or without hard labour, dismissal from Her Majesty's service, reduction to the ranks, if a warrant or non-commissioned officer, as such court shall think fit, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and every such offender shall, in addition to any other punishment, make good at his own expense the loss and damage sustained; and in every such case the court is required to ascertain by evidence the amount of such loss or damage, and to declare by their sentence that such amount shall be made good by such offender; and the loss and damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any court in Her Majesty's colonies where the person sentenced by such court-martial shall be resident after the said judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the offender, if he shall remain in the service, may be put under stoppages not exceeding one half of his pay and allowances until the amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

Ch. 11.

Marini Mutiny.

36 Vict.

As to execution of sentences of penal servitude in the United Kingdom.

22. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any sentence of penal servitude heretofore or hereafter to be passed upon any offender by any court-martial shall be carried into execution for the term specified in such sentence, or for any shorter term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to penal servitude any sentence of death which shall have been passed by any such court* such sentence, together with Her Majesty's pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by the Secretary to the Admiralty for the time being, to any justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such justice or baron shall make an order for the penal servitude of such offender upon the terms and for the time which shall be specified in such notification, and shall do all such other acts consequent upon such notification as any such justice or baron is authorised to make or do by any statute or statutes in force at the time of making any such orders in relation to penal servitude of offenders; and such order, and other acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such person in whose custody such offender shall at that time be, and by all other persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same consequences, as any order made under the authority of any statute with respect to any offender in such statute mentioned; and every sheriff, gaoler, keeper, governor, or superintendent whom it may concern, and all constables and other persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid order and orders, be assistant in the execution thereof, and be liable to the same punishment for disobedience to or for interrupting the execution of such order, as they would be if the same had been made under the authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every person so ordered to be kept in penal servitude shall be subject respectively to all and every the penalties and provisions made by law and in force concerning persons under sentence of penal servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's pardon on condition of penal servitude; and from the time when such order of penal servitude shall be made every law and statute in force touching the escape of felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without leave, shall apply to such offender, and to all persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any escape or intended escape or the returning without leave of any such offender; and the judge who shall make any order of penal servitude as aforesaid shall direct the notification of Her Majesty's pleasure, and his own order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of record in the office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said clerk shall have a fee of two shillings and sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on application, deliver a certificate in writing (not taking more than two shillings and sixpence for the same) to such offender, or to any person applying in his or Her Majesty's

1873. Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 11.

95

behalf showing the Christian and surname of such offender, his offence, the place where the court Was held before which he was convicted, the sentence, and the conditions on which the order of penal servitude was made; which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and of the sentence of such offender, and also of the terms in which such order for his penal servitude was made-in any court and in any proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same; and it shall be lawful for any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an order that any such offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in penal servitude in England, and such order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such offender had been convicted in England and the order had been made by any judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England.

23. Whenever any sentence of penal servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any offender by any court-martial holden in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, or elsewhere beyond the seas, is to be carried into execution for the term specified in such sentence, or for any shorter term, or when sentence of death passed by any such court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to penal servitude, the same shall be notified by the officer commanding Her Majesty's forces at the presidency or station where the offender may come or be, if in India to the chief judge or any judge of the chief civil court of the presidency or province in which the court-martial has been held; and if in any other part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, to the chief justice or some other judge therein, who shall make order for the penal servitude or intermediate custody of such offender; and upon any such order being made it shall be duly notified to the governor of the presidency if in the East Indies, or to the governor of the colony if in any of Her Majesty's colonies, or to the person who shall for the time being be exercising the office of governor of such presidency or colony, who on receipt of such notification shall cause such offender to be removed or sent to some other colony or place, or to undergo his sentence within the presidency or colony where the offender was so sentenced or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the directions for the removal and treatment of convicts which shall from time to time be transmitted from Her Majesty through one of her Principal Secretaries of State to such presidency or colony; and such offender shall, according to such directions, undergo the sentence of penal servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the presidency or colony in which he has been so sentenced or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with under such sentence,

As to execution of sentences in the colonies.

06

Ch. 11.

Marine Mutiny.

36 Vict.

in the same manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with hard labour during the term of his penal servitude by the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction in such presidency or colony or in the colony or place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively.

Sentence of 24. In any case where a sentence of penal servitude shall may bt^coin-^ave ^een awarded by a general or detachment general court-muted for im- martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any place prisonment. Out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, instead of causing such sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the offender be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, for such term not exceeding two years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the officer commanding as aforesaid.

Of forfeitures, when combined with penal servitude.

25. Where an award of any forfeiture, or of deprivation of pay, or of stoppages of pay shall have been added to any sentence of penal servitude, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or, if in any place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces there serving, in the event of the sentence being commuted for imprisonment, to order such award of forfeiture, deprivation of pay, or stoppages of pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

Disposal of 26. When any sentence of death shall be commuted for senten^ Pena* servitude, or when any marine shall by court-martial be pcnaUervitude. adjudged to penal servitude as authorised by this Act, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer of the division to which such marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any gaol or prison, there to remain in safe custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due authority under an order for his penal servitude to be made by some justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and a certificate of his sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, (such certificate to be signed by the commanding officer of the division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient order, requisition, and authority to the governor, keeper, or superintendent of the gaol or prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such offender being so conveyed to gaol or prison the usual allowance of sixpence per diem, or such other sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any time or times direct, shall be made to the keeper of the gaol or prison for the subsistence of such offender during his detention therein, which allowance shall be paid by

1873. Marine Mutiny. Cel 11. 97

the paymaster of the division, upon production to him, by the said governor, keeper, or superintendent, of a declaration, to be made by him before one of Her Majesty's justices of the peace of such county, of the number of days during which the offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such gaol or prison.

27. No court-martial shall, for any offence whatever com-Power to inflict mitted in time of peace within the Queen's dominions, have corP°* power to sentence any marine to corporal punishment: ^tain caLs.*1 Provided that any court-martial may sentence any marine to

corporal punishment while on active service in the field, or on board any ship not in commission, for mutiny, insubordination, desertion, drunkenness on duty or on the line of march; and no sentence of corporal punishment shall exceed fifty lashes.

28. It shall be lawful for any general, district, or garrison Power to inflict court-martial to award imprisonment, with or without hard corporal labour, and with or without solitary confinement, such con- ^ri^men?14 finement not exceeding the periods prescribed herein-after

or by the Articles of War, and in case of a marine in addition to corporal punishment.

29. In all cases in which corporal punishment shall form Power to com-the whole or part of the sentence awarded by any court- mute corporal martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral ofpunis ent the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial, to commute such corporal punishment to imprisonment for any period not exceeding forty-two days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, or to mitigate such sentence, or instead of such sentence to award imprisonment for any period not exceeding twenty days, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, and corporal punishment, to be inflicted in the prison, not exceeding twenty-five lashes, and the solitary confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no case exceed seven days at a time, with intervals of not less than seven days between each period of such confinement.

30. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all cases what- Power to com-soever, instead of causing a sentence of cashiering to be put "fsen- in execution, to order the offender to be reprimanded, or, in cashiering, addition thereto, to suffer such loss of army or regimental

rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

3L Any general court-martial may, in addition to any Forfeiture of other punishment which such court may award, sentence any p%"^°810ofn offender to forfeiture of all advantage as to additional pay, cou^martL!

98

Call.

Marine Mutiny.

36 Vict.

good-conduct pay, and to pension on discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the length of his former service, or to forfeiture of such advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past service, or might accrue from future service, or to forfeiture of any annuity and medal which may have been granted for former meritorious service, or of the gratuity and medal awarded for former good conduct, and of all medals and decorations, according to the nature of the case; and any district or garrison court-martial may also, in addition to any punishment which such court may award, sentence any offender to such forfeiture for desertion, or for disgraceful conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other marine, whether at the instance of such other marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other person, with intent thereby to render himself or such other marine unfit for service:

In wilfully doing any act, or wilfully disobeying any orders, whether in hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating disease or infirmity, or delaying his cure:

In malingering or feigning disease:

In tampering with his eyes, with intent thereby to render himself unfit for service:

In stealing or embezzling Government property or stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any money or goods the property of a comrade, of a marine officer, or of any marine mess or band, or in receiving any such money or goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent accounts, returns, matters, or entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying public money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other offence of a felonious or fraudulent nature, to the injury of, or with intent to injure, any person, civil, marine, or military:

Or for any other disgraceful conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural kind.

Forfeiture of 32. Every marine who shall be found guilty by a court-pay on convic- martial of desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or febny8^1011 or any other marine, whether at the instance of such other marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other person, with intent thereby to render himself or such other marine unfit for service, of tampering with his eyes with intent thereby to render himself unfit for service, such

1873.

Ch. 11.

99

MarimM'idiny.

finding having been confirmed, or found guilty by a jury of felony in any court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any crime or offence in any court of criminal judicature in any part of the United Kingdom, or in any dominion, territory, colony, settlement, or island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount to felony, shall thereupon forfeit all advantage as to additional pay, good-conduct pay, and to pension on discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the length of his former service, in addition to any punishment which such court may award; and every marine who may be so convicted, or who may be sentenced to penal servitude, or discharged with ignominy, shall thereupon likewise forfeit all medals which he may be in possession of, whether for sea or field service or for good conduct, together with any annuity or pension or gratuity, if any, thereto appertaining; and any sergeant reduced to the ranks by sentence of court-martial may, by the order of the same court, be made to forfeit any annuity or pension and medal for meritorious service, or any or either of them, which may have been conferred upon him.

33. If any non-commissioned officer or marine, by reason of his imprisonment, whether under sentence of a court-martial or of any other court duly authorised to pass such sentence, or by reason of his confinement for debt, or by reason of his desertion, or, being an apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his time with his master, shall have been absent from his duty during any portion of the time limited by his enlistment or re-engagement or prolongation of service, as herein-after provided, such portion of his time shall not be reckoned as a part of the limited service for which such non-commissioned officer or marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his time of service may have been prolonged; and no marine shall be entitled to pay, or to reckon service towards pay or pension, when in confinement under a sentence of any court, or during any absence from duty by commitment or confinement as a deserter by confession or under any charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by court-martial or by any court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, or whilst in confinement for debt; and when any marine shall be absent as a prisoner of war he shall not be entitled to pay, or to reckon service towards pay or pension, for the period of such absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's service due inquiry shall be made by a court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the satisfaction of such court that the said marine was taken prisoner through wilful neglect of duty on his part, or that he had served with or under, or in some manner aided, the enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's service, he may thereupon be recommended by such court to

Forfeiture of pay when in confinement;

or during absence on commitment under a charge, or in arrest for debt;

or when prisoner of war;

or when convicted of desertion or absence without leave;

or when absent without leave.

Stoppages.

Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 3G Vict.

receive either the whole of such arrears of pay, or a proportion thereof, and to reckon service during his absence; and any marine who shall be convicted of desertion, or of absence without leave, shall, in addition to any punishment awarded by the court, forfeit his pay for the day or days during which he was in a state of desertion, or during his absence without leave; and if any marine shall absent himself without leave for any period, and shall not account for the same to the satisfaction of the commanding officer, or if any marine shall be guilty of any other offence which the commanding officer may not think necessary to bring before a court-martial, the commanding officer may, in addition to any minor punishment he is authorised to award, order that such marine shall be imprisoned for such period not exceeding one hundred and sixty-eight hours, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, as the said commanding officer may think fit, and such marine shall forfeit his pay for any day or days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said commanding officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead of such imprisonment and forfeiture, or any other punishment which he has authority to inflict, any marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his pay for the day or days during which he shall have so absented himself; and, in pursuance of any such order as aforesaid, the pay of the marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a court-martial for any offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer imprisonment, punishment, or forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any marine who shall be so ordered to suffer imprisonment or forfeiture of pay shall, if he so request, have a right to be tried by a court-martial for his offence instead of submitting to such imprisonment or forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the payment of the whole or any part of the pay of any officer or marine during the period of absence by any of the causes aforesaid.

34. In addition to any other punishment which the court may award, a court-martial may further direct that any offender may be put under stoppages until he shall have made good —

Any bounty fraudulently obtained by him by desertion from his corps and enlisting in some other corps or in the militia:

Any loss, disposal of, or damage occasioned by him in any of the instances of disgraceful conduct herein specified:

Any loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to any property whatsoever occasioned by his wilful or negligent misconduct:

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 11.

101

Any loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to his arms, clothing, instruments, equipments, accoutrements, or necessaries, or any extra article of clothing or equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the recommendation of the surgeon for the benefit of his health, or making away with or pawning any medal or decoration for service or for general good conduct which may have been granted to him by order of Her Majesty or by order of the East India Company, or any medal or decoration which may have been granted to him by any foreign power, or any loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to the arms, clothing, instruments, equipments, accoutrements, or necessaries of any officer or marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent misconduct:

Any expense necessarily incurred by his drunkenness or other misconduct: /

Provided always, that, except in the case of the loss, disposal of, or destruction of, or damage or injury to arms, clothing, instruments, equipments, accoutrements, or necessaries, in which case the court may by its sentence direct that the said stoppages shall continue till, the cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the amount of any loss, disposal, destruction, damage or injury, or expense, shall be ascertained by evidence, and the offender shall be placed under stoppages for such an amount only as shall be proved to the satisfaction of the court: Provided also, that when an offender is put under stoppages for making away with or pawning any medal or decoration, the amount shall be credited to the public, but the medal or decoration in question shall not be replaced, except under special circumstances, to be determined by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: Provided also, that so much only of the pay of the marine may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the charges for messing and washing, leave him a residue at the least of one penny a day.

35. Whenever any marine shall have been convicted of Discharge with desertion or of any such disgraceful conduct as is herein-before ignominy, described, and the court in respect of such disgraceful conduct shall have made the forfeiture of all claim to pension on discharge a part of the sentence passed on such marine, such court may further sentence him to be discharged with ignominy from Her Majesty's service: Provided always, where an award of any of the forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of deprivation of pay, or of stoppages of pay, shall have been added to a sentence of transportation or penal servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or, if in the East Indies, for the officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's land

Ch. 11.

Marine Mutiny.

36 Vict.

forces in India, in the event of the sentence of transportation or penal servitude being commuted to imprisonment, to order such award of forfeiture, deprivation of pay, or stoppages of pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

Power of im- 30. A general or district or garrison court-martial may gene^d^rict, sentence any marine to imprisonment, with or without hard or garrison labour, and may also direct that such offender shall be kept

courts-martial in solitary confinement for any portion or portions of such imprisonment, in no case exceeding fourteen days at a time, nor eighty-four days in any one year, with intervals between the periods of solitary confinement of not less duration than such periods; and when the imprisonment awarded shall exceed three months, the court-martial shall imperatively order that the solitary confinement shall not exceed seven days in any one month of the whole imprisonment awarded, with intervals between the periods of solitary confinement of not less duration than such periods.

Power of im- 37. Any divisional or detachment court-martial may sentence prisonment by any marine to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for detachment any Period not exceeding forty-two days, and may also direct courts-martial, that such marine be kept in solitary confinement for any portion or portions of such imprisonment, not exceeding fourteen days at a time, with intervals between them of not less duration than such periods of solitary confinement: Provided always, that when any court-martial, whether general, garrison, or district, or divisional or detachment, shall direct that the imprisonment shall be solitary confinement only, or when any sentence of corporal punishment shall have been commuted to imprisonment only, the period of such solitary confinement shall in no case exceed fourteen days.

Imprisonment of offender already under sentence.

38. Whenever sentence shall be passed by a court-martial on an offender already under sentence, either of imprisonment or of penal servitude, the court may award sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude for the offence for which he is under trial to commence at the expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the terms of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which either of those punishments could be otherwise awarded.

Whenever Her Majesty, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or any general or other officer authorised to confirm the sentences of courts-martial shall commute a sentence of penal servitude or corporal punishment to imprisonment, and the offender whose sentence shall be so commuted shall at the time of such commutation be under sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude, it shall be lawful to direct that such commuted sentence of imprisonment shall commence at the

1873.

Ch. 11.

103

Marine Mutiny.

expiration of the imprisonment or penal servitude to which such prisoner shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the term of imprisonment or penal servitude respectively may exceed the term for which either of those punishments could be otherwise awarded. '

39. Save as herein specially provided, every term of penal servitude or imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the day on which the original sentence and proceedings shall be signed by the president; and the place of imprisonment under the sentences of courts-martial shall be appointed by the court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or the commanding officer of the division to which the offender belongs or is attached, or the officer commanding the district, garrison, island, or colony.

40. In the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under sentence of a court-martial, or as part of commuted punishment, in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction or elsewhere, in any part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, for the time being, in all cases, or for the officer who confirmed the proceedings of the court, or the officer commanding the division or the district or garrison in which such prisoner may be, to give, as often as occasion may arise, an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to military custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction, in any part of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or for the officer commanding the Royal Marines there serving, in the case of any such prisoner, to give as often as occasion may arise an order in writing directing that the prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to military or other custody, whether for the purpose of being removed to some other prison or place in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, there to undergo the remainder or any part of his sentence, or for the purpose of being brought before a court-martial either as a witness or for trial; and in the case of any prisoner who shall be removed by any such order from any such prison, gaol, or house of correction, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere, to some other prison

Term and place of imprisonment.

Proviso for removal of prisoners.

104

Ch. 11.

36 Vict.

Custody of pr soners under military sentence in common gaols.

Marine Mutiny.

or place, either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the officer or authorities who gave such order shall also give an order in writing directing the governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of such other prison or place to receive such prisoner into his custody, and specifying the offence of which such prisoner shall have been convicted, and the sentence of the court, and the period of imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the day and the hour on which he is to be released; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court, and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time under an order duly made for that purpose; and in the case of a prisoner undergoing imprisonment under the sentence of a court-martial in any military prison in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, the Secretary of State for War, or the general officer commanding the district or station in which the prison may be situated, shall have the like powers in regard to the discharge and delivery over of such prisoners to military or other custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the authorities above mentioned in respect of any prisoners undergoing confinement as aforesaid in any public prison other than a military prison, or in any gaol or house of correction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions; and such prisoner in any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned shall accordingly, on the production of any such order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the case may be: Provided always, that the time during which any prisoner under sentence of imprisonment by a court-martial shall be detained in such military or other custody under such order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as imprisonment under the sentence, for whatever purpose such detention shall take place, and such prisoner may during such time, either when on board ship or otherwise, be subjected to such restraint as is necessary for his detention and removal

41. Every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, or of any gaol or house of correction, in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, shall receive into his custody any military offender under sentence of imprisonment by a general or other court-martial, upon delivery to him of an order in writing in that behalf from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or from the officer commanding the division or detachment to which the offender belongs or did last belong or is attached, which order shall specify the period of imprisonment or remainder of imprisonment which the offender is to undergo, and the day and hour of the day on which he is to

1873. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 11. 105

be released or be otherwise disposed of; and such governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper shall keep such offender in a proper place of confinement, with or without hard labour, and with or without solitary confinement, according to the sentence of the court, and during the time specified in the said order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to other custody before the expiration of that time, under an order duly made for that purpose; and whenever marines are called out in aid of the civil power, or are stationed in billets, or are on the line of march, every governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement shall receive into his custody any marine for a period not exceeding seven days, upon delivery to him of an order in writing in that behalf from the officer commanding such marine; and any governor, provost marshal, gaoler, or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any marine offender in the manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

42. The gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house Subsistence of of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement in Prisoners m any part of Her Majesty's dominions shall diet and supply commo11 gao s* every marine imprisoned therein under the sentence of a court-martial or as a deserter with fuel and other necessaries according to the regulations of such place of confinement, and

shall receive on account of every marine during the period of his imprisonment one shilling per diem, or such other sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any time or times direct, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the subsistence of such marine, upon application in writing signed by any justice within whose jurisdiction such place of confinement shall be locally situated, together with a copy of the order of commitment, and which sum of one shilling per diem, or such other sum as aforesaid, shall be carried to the credit of the fund from which the expense of such place of confinement is defrayed.

A sentence of imprisonment or of penal servitude passed either by a court-martial or by any court of criminal jurisdiction upon any person subject to this Act shall be in no respect affected by such person ceasing to be subject to this Act by discharge or otherwise at any time after the passing of such sentence; but the discharge of such person shall not be deemed in any manner to affect the provisions for the cost of his maintenance while undergoing a sentence of imprisonment or penal servitude, as otherwise enacted.

43. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, Notice to be house of correction, or other place of confinement, to whom ^radorfof i"m-

106 Ch. 11. Marme Mutiny. 36 Vict.

prisonment in any notice shall have been given, or who shall have reason to

common gaolf. jcnow or believe, that any person in his custody for any debt or contempt, or upon any charge or for any offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a marine, shall on receiving him into custody give notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to the expiration of the period of the confinement or imprisonment of such marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty one month's notice of the period of such expiration of confinement or imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient time for a month's notice, then the longest practicable notice thereof, specifying the day and hour of the day on and at which he is to be released; and for every default of giving either or any of such notices such gaoler or person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and moreover every gaoler or other person having such immediate inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such marine shall be entitled to be discharged out of custody, with all convenient speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such marine either unto the officer commanding at the nearest head quarters of the Royal Marines or to the officer commanding Her Majesty's ship to which any such marine may happen to belong, unless the said Commissioners shall, by writing under the hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, or the officer commanding at the nearest head quarters of the Royal Marines, or the officer commanding Her Majesty's ship to which any such marine may belong, shall, by writing under his hand, direct that such marine be delivered to some other officer or person, in which case he shall be delivered to such other officer or person accordingly, and the officer or person to whom such marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act shall thereupon give to such gaoler or person delivering up such marine a certificate, directed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the receipt of such marine, and, if such gaoler or other person as aforesaid has conducted or conveyed any such marine, specifying the place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and such gaoler or person who shall have so conducted, conveyed, and delivered any such marine shall, upon the production of such certificate, be entitled to receive of and from the Accountant General of Her Majesty's Navy the sum of one shilling per mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying, and delivering any such marine as aforesaid; and every such gaoler or other person having such immediate inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct, convey, or deliver any such marine as aforesaid shall for every such misconduct or offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds. In all cases where the marine in custody is under sentence to be discharged from the service on the completion of his term of imprisonment, and the discharge document is in the hands of the gaoler, such gaoler

1873.

Ch. 11.

J07

Marine Mutiny.

shall not be required to make any report thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty or to the Duputy Adjutant General of Marines

44. Every military prison which shall be established under Military pri-

or by virtue of any Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, sons established and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, fJmisLig shall be deemed to be public prisons within the meaning of mutmy and any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force for the "j

regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Maxine forces; and any deeded public officer or marine convicted by a court-martial may be sent, by prisons, order of the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, to any such military prison, there to undergo such punishment as may be awarded by the sentence passed upon him, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an order, as in the case of a discharge or removal from any other prison under this Act.

45. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of Musters, and every division or company of Royal Marines once in every penalty on calendar month, as shall be appointed; and no officer or se mu8ters* marine shall be absent from any such muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other duty of the corps, or

sick, or in prison, or on furlough; and every person belonging to Her Majesty's service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue certificate thereby to excuse any person from any muster or other service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue muster of man or horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false muster or duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any money or gratuity for mustering any person, or for signing any muster roll or duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any person by a wrong name, shall, upon proof by two witnesses before a general court-martial, for any such offence be sentenced to be cashiered: Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all cases whatsoever, instead of causing a sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such loss of rank as may be deemed expedient; and any person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon proof thereof by the oaths of two witnesses before some justice of the peace residing near to the place where such muster shall be made, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and the informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any person not belonging to Her Majesty's service shall give or sign any untrue certificate of illness or otherwise in older to excuse any officer or marine from appearance at any muster, or whereby Her Majesty's service may be defrauded, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Verifying of 40. All muster rolls and pay lists of Royal Marines required

muster rolls. be verified upon oath shall be sworn before and attested

by any justice of the peace, without fee or reward to himself or his clerk.

Trials for 47. Every marine shall be liable to be tried and punished

desertion after for desertion from any corps into which he may have un-re^Ustment. lawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to another corps, and be a deserter therefrom; and whether such marine shall be tried for deserting from the corps to which he may of right belong, or from the corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other desertion, every desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the time be taking his trial may, if duly stated in the charges, be given in evidence against him on such trial

Apprehension 48. Upon reasonable suspicion that a person is a deserter of deserters. it shall be lawful for any constable, or if no constable can be immediately met with, then for any officer or marine or soldier in Her Majesty's service, or other person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any justice living in or near the place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the county, city, district, place, or borough wherein such place is situate, or for the county adjoining such first-mentioned county or such borough; and such justice is hereby authorised and required to inquire whether such suspected person is a deserter, and from time to time to defer the said inquiry, and to remand the said suspected person, in the manner prescribed by an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-two, section twenty-one, and subject to every provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, by the testimony of one or more witnesses taken upon oath, or by the confession of such suspected person, confirmed by some corroborative evidence upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice, that such suspected person is a deserter, such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in civil custody to the head quarters or depot of the division to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible distance from the place of commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public prison (other than a military prison) or police station legally provided as the lock-up house for temporary confinement of persons taken into custody, whether such prison or police station be in the county or borough in which such suspected person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the deserter has been apprehended by a party of marines in charge of a commissioned officer, such justice may deliver him up to such party, unless the officer shall deem it necessary to have the deserter committed to prison for safe

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 11.

109

custody; and such justice shall transmit an account of the proceedings, in the form prescribed in the schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such deserter was delivered to a party of marines in order to his being taken to the head quarters or depot of his division, or whether such deserter was committed to prison, to the end that the person so committed may be removed by an order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or Deputy Adjutant General of Royal Marines, and proceeded against according to law; and such justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a report stating the names of the persons by whom or by or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such justice an order upon the proper department for the payment of the sum of twenty shillings as a reward to the person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such information, commitment, and report as aforesaid the clerk of the said justice shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings and no more; and every gaoler and other person into whose custody any person charged with desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the receipt of the person so charged into his custody, pay such fee of two shillings, and shall notify the fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a copy of the commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order repayment of such fees; and that when any such person shall be apprehended and committed as a deserter in any part of Her Majesty's foreign dominions, the justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public prison, if the detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such part, or if the detachment be in such part, the justice may deliver him into custody at the nearest military post, although the detachment to which such person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such military post, if within reasonable distance; and such justice shall in every case transmit to the officer commanding a description return in the form prescribed in the schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such person may be removed by the order of such officer, and proceeded against according to law; and such description return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence of the facts and matters therein stated: Provided always, that any such person Transfer of so committed as a deserter in any part of Her Majesty's deserters, dominions shall, subject to the provisions herein-after contained be liable to be transferred, by order of the colonel commandant or other officer commanding, to serve in any division, corps, detachment, or party nearest to the place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other division, corps, detachment,

Call.

Marine Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Penalty on marines attempting to desert from head quarters.

Temporary custody of deserters in gaols.

Fraudulent confession of desertion.

or party to which the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such transfer of service to be tried and punished as a deserter.

49. For and in respect of any marine attempting to desert from any head quarters, the party or parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a reward of ten shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such marine, which sum of ten shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the pay and subsistence of every such marine.

50. Every gaoler or keeper of any public prison, gaol, house of correction, lock-up house, or other place of confinement in any part of Her Majesty's dominions is hereby required to receive and confine therein every deserter who shall be delivered into his custody by any marine or other person conveying such deserter under lawful authority, on production of the warrant of the justice of the peace on which such deserter shall have been taken, or some order from the Admiralty, which order shall continue in force until the deserter shall have arrived at his destination; and such gaoler or keeper shall be entitled to one shilling for the safe custody of the said deserter while halted on the march, and to such subsistence for his maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

51. Any person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy or in any of Her Majesty's forces, or the embodied militia, shall to any officer, or subordinate, warrant, petty, or noncommissioned officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, shall be liable to be tried by any court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the sentence thereof; and any person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any offence, shall in the presence of the justice confess himself to be a deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, whether such person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a marine or not; or in case such person shall not be a deserter from the Royal Marine forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other corps for any cause whatever, or shall be incapable of service, he shall, on conviction thereof before two justices of the peace at or near the place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a rogue and vagabond, and if elsewhere by commitment to some prison or house of correction,

1873. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 11. Ill

+there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining money under false pretences within the true intent and meaning, if in England or Ireland, of an Act passed in the session holden in the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of Queen Victoria,

intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law 24 & 25 Vict.

" of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other c-96 *

" similar offences," or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition; and every person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining money under false pretences, or of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, (as the case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the confession and receiving subsistence as a marine by such person shall be evidence of the false pretence, or of the falsehood, fraud, and imposition, (as the case may be,) and of the obtaining money to the amount of the value of such subsistence, and the value of such subsistence so obtained may be charged in the indictment as so much money received by such person; and in case such person shall have been previously convicted of the like offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a rogue and vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by commitment, for making a fraudulent confession of desertion, such former conviction may be alleged in the indictment, and may be proved upon the trial of such person; and in such indictment for a second offence it shall be sufficient to state that the offender was at a certain time and place convicted of obtaining money under false pretences as a deserter, for making a fraudulent confession of desertion, without otherwise describing the said offence; and a certificate containing the substance and effect only (omitting the formal part) of the indictment and conviction of the former offence, purporting to be signed by the clerk of the court or other officer having the custody of the record of the court where the offender was first convicted, or by the deputy of such clerk, or by the clerk of the convicting magistrates, shall, upon proof of the identity of the person of the offender, be sufficient evidence of the first conviction, without proof of the signature or official character of the person appearing to have signed such certificate; and if the person so confessing himself to be a deserter shall be serving at the time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all justices and gaolers as a deserter.

52. Any person who shall, in any part of Her Majesty's Punishment dominions, by any means whatsoever, directly or indirectly for inducing procure any marine to desert or absent himself from his duty 10

without leave from his commanding officer, or attempt to procure or persuade any marine to desert or absent himself from his duty, and any person who, knowing that any marine

Ch. 11.

Marine Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Extension of furlough in case of sick-

Marines liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service only for felony and certain misdemeanors, or for debts amounting to 30/. and upwards;

is absent from his duty without leave from his commanding officer, shall harbour or conceal such marine, or aid or assist such marine in concealing himself, or aid and assist in his rescue, or aid or assist him to desert, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof before any two justices acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such offender shall at any time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for such term not exceeding six calendar months as the convicting justices shall think fit.

53. When there shall not be any officer of Her Majesty's land or marine forces of the rank of captain or of a superior rank, or any adjutant of militia, within convenient distance of the place where any non-commissioned officer or marine, not borne on the books of any of Her Majesty's ships or vessels in commission as aforesaid, and who shall be on furlough, shall be detained by sickness or other casualty rendering necessary an extension of such furlough, it shall be lawful for any justice who shall be satisfied of such necessity to grant an extension of furlough for a period not exceeding one month; and the said justice shall immediately certify such extension, aDd the cause thereof, to the commanding officer of the division or detachment to which the man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary allowance of pay and subsistence may be remitted to the marine, who shall not during the period of such extension of furlough be liable to be treated as a deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any marine from trial and punishment according to the provisions of this Act for any false representation made by him in that behalf to the said officer or justice so extending the furlough, or for any Weach of discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said extension of furlough.

54. Any person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces as a marine, or who has received marine enlistment money, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service only by process or execution on account of any charge of felony, or on account of misdemeanor, or of any crime or offence other than the misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an order of justices for the payment of money, or on account of an original debt proved by affidavit of the plaintiff or of some one on his behalf to amount to the value of thirty pounds at the least over and above all costs of suit, such affidavit to be sworn, without payment of any fee, before some judge of the court out of which process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorised to take affidavits in such court of which affidavit, when duly filed in such court, a

Marine Mutiny.

Call.

113

1873.

memorandum shall, without fee, be endorsed upon the back of such process, stating the fact sworn to, and the day of filing such affidavit; but no marine or other person as aforesaid but not liable shall be liable by any process whatever to appear before any justice of the peace or other authority whatsoever, or to be Majesty'sser-taken out of Her Majesty's service by any writ, summons, vice for debts order, warrant, judgment, execution, or any process whatever issued by or by the authority of any court of law, or any contract, magistrate, justice or justices of the peace, or any other authority whatsoever, for any original debt not amounting to thirty pounds, or for the breach of any contract, covenant, agreement, or other engagement whatever, by parol or in writing, or for having left or deserted his employer or master, or his contract, work, or labour; and all summonses, warrants, commitments, indictments, convictions, judgments, and sentences, on account of any of the matters for which it is herein declared that a marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all intents and purposes; and any judge of 'any such court may examine into any complaint made by a marine or by his superior officer, and by warrant under his hand discharge such marine, without fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable costs to such complainant, who shall have for the recovery thereof the like remedy as would have been applicable to the recovery of any costs which might have been awarded against the complainant in any judgment or execution as aforesaid, or a writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the discharge of any such marine out of custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any plaintiff, upon notice of the cause of action first given in writing to any marine or left at his last quarters, may proceed in any action or suit to judgment, and have execution other than against the body or marine necessaries or equipments of such marine:

Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a master or employer, or to the breach of any contract, agreement, or engagement, shall apply to persons who shall be really and bond, fide apprentices duly bound under the age of twenty-one years, as herein prescribed.

55. No person who shall be commissioned and in full*pay Officers not to as an officer in the Royal Marine forces, or who shall be employed in enlisting for such forces, shall be capable of being mayor8' c* nominated or elected to be sheriff, and no such officer and no non-commissioned officer of such forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be a constable, or overseer, guardian of any union, or any officer of a like description, of any county, hundred, riding, city, borough, town, division, parish, or other place, or to be mayor, portreeve, alderman, or to hold any office in any municipal corporation in any city,

36.YMT.

Questions to be put to recruits on enlisting.

Recruits when deemed to be enlisted.

When recruits to be taken before a justice.

Dissent and relief from enlistment.

Gel 11. Marine Mutiny.

borough, or place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a grand or petit or other juror or upon any inquest, and any summons for him to attend to serve as a grand or petit or other juror or upon an inquest shall be null and void; and every such person is hereby exempted from attendance and service in accordance with any such summons and from aH fines, pains, and penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

56. Every person authorised to enlist recruits for the Royal Marines shall first ask the person offering to enlist whether he belongs to any and what force in Her Majesty's service, and also such other questions as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may direct to be put to such persons, and in case of a recruit shall, immediately after giving him enlisting money, serve him with a notice in the form set forth in the schedule to this Act annexed.

57. Every person who shall receive enlisting money in manner aforesaid shall upon such receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a marine in Her Majesty's service, and while he shall remain with the recruiting party shall be entitled to be billeted.

58. Every person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within ninety-six hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such enlistment, appear, together with some person employed in the recruiting service, before a justice of the peace, not being an officer of the marines, for the purpose of being attested as a marine, or of objecting to his enlistment.

59. When a recruit, upon appearing before a justice for the purposes aforesaid, shall dissent from or object to his enlistment, and shall satisfy the justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the recruit absolutely, and shall report such discharge to the commandant of the division for which the marine shall have enlisted; but if the recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the justice that the enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless upon repayment of the enlisting money and of any sum received by him in respect of pay or allowances, and of a further sum of twenty shillings as smart money, he shall be entitled to be discharged; and the sum paid by such recruit upon his discharge shall be kept by the justice, and, after deducting therefrom one shilling as the fee for reporting the payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty and to the said commandant, shall be paid over to any person belonging to the recruiting party who may demand the same; and the justice who shall discharge any recruit shall in every case give a certificate thereof, signed with his hand, to the recruit, specifying the cause thereof.

1873. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 11. 115

60. If the recruit on appearing before a justice shall not Attesting of dissent from his enlistment, or dissenting shall within twenty- recrmt8' four hours return and state that he is unable to pay the sums mentioned in the last section, he shall be attested as follows:

the justice, or some person deputed by him, shall read to the recruit the questions set forth in the form contained in the schedule to this Act annexed, cautioning him that if he fraudulently make any false answer thereto he shall be liable to be punished as a rogue and vagabond, and the answers of the recruit shall be recorded opposite to the said questions, and the justice shall require the recruit to make and sign the declaration in the said form, and shall then administer to him the oath of allegiance in the said form; and when the recruit shall have signed the said declaration and taken the oath, the justice shall attest the same by his signature, and shall deliver to the recruiting officer the declaration so signed and attested, and the fee for such attestation, including the declaration and oath, shall be one shilling and no more; and any recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified copy of the above-mentioned declaration by the officer who finally approved of him for the service.

61. No recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall Recruits until have received pay other than enlisting money, shall be liable atSt^VorbeCD to be tried by court-martial; but if any person, previously to received pay his being attested or enrolled, shall by means of any false not triable by answer obtain enlistment or other money, or shall make any but^n^Sn false statement in his declaration, or shall refuse to answer cases punish-any question duly authorised to be put to him for the purpose able 88 rogue of filling up such declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go and vagabon before a justice for the purposes aforesaid, or haviDg in the

case of a recruit dissented from his enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such money as aforesaid, in any of such cases it shall be lawful for any two justices within the United Kingdom, or for any one justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the county, district, city, burgh, or place where any such person shall at any time happen to be, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to adjudge him to be & rogue and vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions, to be imprisoned with hard labour in any prison or house of correction for any period not exceeding three calendar months. And any marine who shall have given any false answer at the time of or relative to his becoming a marine shall forfeit all pay, wages, and other moneys, be the same naval, marine, or otherwise, which he might otherwise have been entitled to for any period of service in the Royal Marines.

62. Any person who shall have been attested or enrolled, Attested real*! who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any ^om^cases

Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 36 Vict.

either before two justices or before a court-martial.

Recruits

absconding.

As to militiamen pnlifiting into regular forces.

wilfully false answer to any question directed to be put by the proper authorities, or shall have made any wilfully false statement in the declaration herein-before mentioned, shall be liable, at the discretion of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, to be proceeded against before two justices in the manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a district or garrison court-martial for the same, and punished in such manner as such court shall direct, and the declaration made by such person on his attestation or enrolment, purporting to be made in accordance with the schedule to this Act annexed, or with the regulations of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient evidence, whether before such justice or justices, or before any court-martial, of such person having represented the several particulars as stated in such declaration.

63. If any recruit shall abscond so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a justice for attestation, the recruiting party shall produce to the justice before whom the recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that purpose a certificate of the name and place of residence and description of such recruit and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true, and the justice to whom such certificate shall be produced shall transmit a duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty in order that the same may appear in the " Police Gazette." For the purposes of this section and all purposes of attestation and enlistment a justice of any county or borough shall be deemed to be a justice of any other county or borough.

64. If any man while belonging to a militia regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Royal Marines, he shall be liable to be tried before a court-martial on a charge for desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for War, on the confession thereof by such militiaman, or on other proof thereof to order that in lieu of his being so tried he shall be subjected to a stoppage of one penny a day of his pay for eighteen calendar months, and in case such militiaman shall have belonged to the 'militia reserve at the time of his attestation he shall be subjected to a further stoppage of one penny a day for two hundred and forty days, to be applied as the Secretary of State for War shall direct, and further to determine whether such man shall be returned to his militia regiment after such sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to be a marine in the same manner as he would have been if he had not been a militiaman at the time of his attestation: Provided also, that every soldier who, while belonging to a militia regiment, enlisted in Her Majesty's Royal Marines, whether such enlistment took place before or after the passing of the Mutiny Act, 18G0, shall reckon service

1873. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 11. 117

towards the performance of his limited engagement from the date of his attestation: Provided also, that any such soldier shall not reckon service for pension until the day on which his engagement for the militia would have expired; but if any such soldier shall, subsequently to his enlistment, have rendered long, faithful, or gallant service, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty may, upon the special recommendation of the Deputy Adjutant General, Royal Marines, order that he may reckon service for pension from the date of his attestation.

85. If any non-commissioned officer of the volunteer per- Volunteer permanent staff shall enlist into the Royal Marines, he may be m^tnt staff

/ 7 j oflucers en-

tried and punished as a deserter, but if he confesses his listing into

desertion the Secretary of State for War, instead of causing regular forces.

+him to be tried and punished as a deserter, may cause him to be returned to his service on the volunteer permanent staff, to be there put under stoppages from his pay until he has repaid the amount of any bounty received by him, and the expenses attending his enlistment, and also the value of any arms, &c. issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him, or may cause him to be held to his service in the Royal Marines with a direction,

if it seems fit, that his term of service therein shall not be

reckoned for pension until the time when his engagement on the volunteer permanent staff would have expired, and may further cause him to be put under stoppages of one penny a day of his pay until he has repaid the expense attending his

engagement or attestion on the volunteer permanent staff, and

also the value of any arms, clothing, or appointments issued to him while on the volunteer permanent staff, and not duly delivered up by him.

66. Every person subject to this Act who shall wilfully Penalty on act contrary to any of its provisions in any matter relating persons offend-to the enlisting or attesting of recruits for Her Majesty's en '

service shall be liable to be tried for such offence by a general or other court-martial, and to be sentenced to such punishment, other than death or penal servitude, as such court may award.

67. It shall be lawful for any justice of the peace or person As to re-en-exercising the office of a magistrate within any of HerU8tmentabroad. Majesty's dominions abroad, or for the officer commanding any ship or vessel of Her Majesty on the books of which any marine may be borne, or on board of which any such marine may be, or, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, for the commanding officer of any battalion or detachment of Royal Marines, whether borne on the books of any one of Her Majesty's ships or otherwise, to re-engage or enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any marine desirous of

118

Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 36 Vict.

re-enlisting pr re-engaging into Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, if such marine be considered by such commanding officer, justice, or magistrate a fit person to continue in Her Majesty's service; and every such commanding officer, justice, or magistrate shall have the same powers in that behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to justices of the peace in the United Kingdom for all such purposes of enlistment and attestation, and any marine so re-enlisted or re-engaged shall be deemed to be an attested marina

Apprentices 08. Any person duly bound as an apprentice who shall Uableto serve en^8^ -er Majesty's Royal Marine forces, and shall falsely after the expi- state to the magistrate before whom he shall be carried and ration of their attested that he is not an apprentice, shall be deemed guilty apprenticeship. of obtaining money by false pretences, if in England or in Ireland, and of falsehood, fraud, and wilful imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the expiration of his apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a marine according to the terms of the enlistment, and if on the expiration of his apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some officer authorised to receive recruits, such person may be taken as a deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces.

69. No master shall be entitled to claim an apprentice who shall enlist as a marine in Her Majesty's service unless such master shall, within one calendar month next after such apprentice shall have left his service, go before some justice, and take the oath mentioned in the schedule to this Act annexed, and at the time of making his claim produce to the officer under whose command the recruit shall be the certificate of such justice of his having taken such oath, which certificate such justice is required to give in the form in the schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full term of five years, (not having been above the age of fourteen years when so bound,) and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full term of five years at the least, (not having been above the age of sixteen when so bound,) and, if in Scotland, for the foil term at least of four years, by a regular contract or indenture of apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both parties by the law of Scotland prior to the period of enlistment, and unless such contract or indenture in Scotland shall, within three months after the commencement of the apprenticeship and before the period of enlistment, have been produced to a justice of the peace of the county in Scotland wherein the parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such justice a certificate or declaration signed by him specifying the date when and the person by whom such contract or indenture shall have been so produced, which certificate or declaration such justice of the peace is hereby

Claims of masters to apprentices.

1873. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 11. 119

required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such apprentice shall, when claimed by such master, be under twenty-one years of age: Provided always, that any master of an apprentice indentured for the sea service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the form and maimer above directed, notwithstanding such apprentice may have been bound for a less term than five or four years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such master who shall give up the indentures of apprenticeship within one month after the enlisting of such apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own use, so much of the bounty payable to such recruit as shall not have been paid to such recruit before notice given of his being an apprentice.

70. No apprentice claimed by his master shall be taken from No apprentice any division, detachment, recruiting party, or ship of Her Majesty, except under a warrant of a justice residing near and away within whose jurisdiction such apprentice shall then happen without a war-to be, and before whom he shall be carried; and such justice rant* shall inquire into the matter upon oath (which *oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the production and proof of the indenture, and that notice of the said warrant has been given to the commanding officer, and a copy thereof left with some officer or non-commissioned officer of the party, and that such person so enlisted declared that he was no apprentice; and such justice, if required by such officer or non- Punishment commissioned officer, shall commit the offender to the common of apprentices gaol of the county, division, or place for which such justice is enli8tin8* acting, and shall keep the indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such person as he may think proper to give evidence against the offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the sessions immediately succeeding the next general or quarter sessions of such county, division, or place, unless the court shall for just cause put off the trial; and the production of the indenture, with the certificate of the justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient evidence of the said indenture; and every such offender in Scotland may be tried by the judge ordinary in the county or stewartry in such and the like manner as any person may be tried in Scotland for any offence not inferring a capital punishment: Provided always, that any justice not required as aforesaid to commit such apprentice may deliver him to his master.

7L No person who shall for six months, and either before Removal of or after the passing of this Act, have received pay and be doubts as to borne on the strength and pay list of any division of Her 0

Majesty's Royal Marine forces, of which the last quarterly pay list (if produced) shall be evidence, or been borne as a marine on the books of any of Her Majesty's ships in commission, shall be entitled to claim his discharge on the ground of error or illegality in his enlistment or attestation or re-engagement, or on any other ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary,

Power to Admiralty to order pay to be withheld.

Billeting of marines.

Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 36 Vict.

every such person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, attested, or re-engaged, as the case may be.

72. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to give orders for withholding the pay of any officer or marine for any period during which such officer or marine shall be absent without leave, or improperly absent from his duty, or in case of any doubt as to the proper issue of pay to withhold it from the parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a determination upon the case.

73. And whereas there is and may be occasion for the marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine forces when on shore: Be it enacted, that during the continuance of this Act, upon the order or orders in writing in that behalf under the hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the hands of two or more of the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or upon the order or orders in writing in that behalf under the hand of any colonel commandant or commanding officer of any division of Royal Marines, it shall be lawful for all constables and other persons specified in this Act in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the officers and marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all staff and field officers horses, and all bat and baggage horses belonging to the Royal Marine forces, when on actual service, not exceeding for each officer the number for which forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's regulations, in victualling houses and other houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than two men in any one house; and the}' shall be received by the occupiers of the houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such victualler with proper accommodation in such houses, and with a separate bed for each marine, or if any victualler shall not have sufficient accommodation in the house upon which a marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient quarters to be provided by such victualler in the immediate neighbourhood, and in Great Britain with diet and small beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with stables, oats, hay, and straw for such horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein-after provided; and at no time when marines are on their march shall any of them be billeted above one mile from the place mentioned in the route, care being always taken that the billets be made out for the less distant houses in which suitable accommodation can be found before making out billets for the more distant; and in all places where marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the officers and their horses shall be billeted in one and the same house, except in case of necessity; and the constables are hereby required to

1873. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 11.

billet all marines on their march in the manner required by this Act upon the occupiers of all houses within one mile of the place mentioned in the route, and whether they be in the same or a different county in like manner in every respect as if such houses were all locally situated within such place: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorise any constable to billet marines out of the county to which such constable belongs when the constable of the adjoining county shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due proportion of men in such adjoining county; and no more billets shall at any tinje be ordered than there are effective marines and horses present to be billeted; all which billets, when made out by such constables, shall be delivered into the hands of the commanding officer present, or to the non-commissioned officer on the spot; and if any person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue proportion of marines billeted in his house, and shall prefer his complaint, if against a constable or other person not being a justice, to one or more justices, and if against a justice, then to two or more justices, within whose jurisdiction such marines are billeted, such justices respectively shall have power to order such of the marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other persons as they shall see cause; and when any horses belonging to the officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces shall be billeted upon the occupiers of houses who shall have no stables, then, upon a written requisition of the officer commanding such marines, the constable is hereby required to billet the horses upon some other person or persons having stables, and who are by this Act liable to have officers and marines billeted upon them, and any two or more justices of the peace may order a proper allowance to be paid by the persons relieved to the persons receiving such horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite accommodation; and the commanding officer fnay exchange any man or horse billeted in any place with another man or horse billeted in the same place, for the convenience or benefit of the service, provided the number of men and horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such houses respectively, and the constables are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any justice, at the request of any officer or non-commissioned officer commanding any marines requiring billets, to extend any route, or to enlarge the district within which billets shall be required, in such manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all abuses in billeting marines, it shall be lawful for any justice, within his jurisdiction, by warrant or order under his hand, to require any constable to give him an account in writing of the number of officers and marines who shall be quartered by such constables, together with the names of the persons upon whom

Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 36 Vict.

Allowance to innkeepers.

such officers and marines are billeted, stating the street or place where such persons dwell, and the signs, if any, belonging to the houses: Provided always, that no officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his lodging where he shall be duly billeted: Provided also, that no justice being an officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing quarters under this Act.

74. The innholder or other person on whom any marine is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such marine, furnish him for every day on the march, and for a period not exceeding two days, when halted at any intermediate place upon the march, and for the day of the arrival at the place of final destination, with one hot meal in each day, the meal to consist of such quantities of diet and small beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's regulations, not exceeding one pound and a quarter of meat previously to being dressed, one pound of bread, one pound of potatoes or other vegetables, and two pints of small beer, and vinegar, salt, and pepper, and for such meal the innholder or other person furnishing the same shall be paid the sum of tenpence, and twopence halfpenny for a bed; and all innholders and other persons on whom marines may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the march in Great Britain, and entitled to be furnished with the hot meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such marines with a bed and with candles, vinegar, and salt, and shall allow them the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the sum of fourpence per diem for each marine; and the sum to be paid to the innholder or other person on whom any of the horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces shall be billeted, in Great Britain or Ireland, for ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw, shall be one shilling and ninepence per diem for each horse; and every officer or non-commissioned officer commanding a division, detachment, or party shall every four days, or before they shall quit their quarters if they shall not remain so long as four days, settle and discharge the just demands of all victuallers or other persons upon whom such officers, marines, or horses are billeted, out of the pay and subsistence of such officers and marines, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be paid or distributed to them respectively; and if any such officer or non-commissioned officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon complaint and oath made thereof by any two witnesses before two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, liberty, city, borough, or place where such quarters were situate, sitting in quarter or petty sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon certificate of the justices before whom such oath shall be made of the sum due to complainant, to order payment of the amount which shall

1873. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 11.

be chaaged against such officer; and in case of any marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the commanding officer or non-commissioned officer not being enabled to make payment of the sums due on account of billets, every such officer or non-commissioned officer shall before his departure make up the account with every person upon whom any such marines may have been billeted, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the account of such officer or non-commissioned officer.

75. For the regular provision of carriages for the Royal Supply of Marine forces and their baggage on their marches in Great carriages. Britain and Ireland, all justices of the peace within their several jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by order of the said Lord High Admiral, or two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any colonel commandant or commanding officer of a division of Royal Marines, shall, on the production of such order, or a copy thereof certified by the commanding officer, te them or any one or more of them, by the officer or non-commissioned officer of the party of marines so ordered to march, issue a warrant to any constable having authority to act in any place from, through, near, or to which such marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which warrants a fee of one shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the carriages, horses, oxen, and drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient time to do the same,) specifying the places from and to which the said carriages shall travel, and the distance between the places, for which distance only so specified payment shall be demanded, and which distance shall not, except in cases of pressing emergency, exceed the day's march prescribed in the order of route, and shall in no case exceed twenty-five miles; and the constables receiving such warrant shall order such persons as they shall think proper, having carriages, to furnish the requisite supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient carriages cannot be procured within the proper jurisdiction, any justice of the next adjoining jurisdiction shall, by a like course of proceeding, supply the deficiency; and in order that the burden of providing carriages may fall equally, and te prevent inconvenience arising from there* being no justice residing near the place where marines may be quartered on the march, the justice or justices residing nearest to such place shall cause a list to be made out, at least once in every year of all persons liable to furnish such carriages, and of the number and description of their said carriages, which list shall at all seasonable hours be open to the inspection of the said persons, and shall by warrant under his hand authorise the

Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 36 Vict.

constables within his jurisdiction to give orders to provide carriages without any special warrant from him for that purpose, which orders shall be valid in all respects; and all orders for such carriages shall be made from such lists in regular rotation, so far as the same can be done.

76. In every case in which the whole distance for which any carriage shall be impressed shall be under one mile the rate of a full mile shall be paid; and the rates to be paid for carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every mile which a waggon with four or more horses, or a wain with six oxen or four oxen and two horses, shall travel, one shilling; and for every mile any waggon with narrow wheels, or any cart with four horses carrying not less than fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, ninepence; and for every mile every other cart or carriage with less than four horses, and not carrying fifteen hundredweight, shall travel, sixpence; and in Ireland for every hundredweight loaded on any wheel carriage one halfpenny per mile; and in Great Britain such further rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional sum per mile of fourpence, threepence, or twopence to the respective rates of one shilling, ninepence, and sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the justices assembled at general sessions for their respective districts, or to the recorder at the sessions of the peace of any municipal city, borough, or town; and the order of such justices or recorder shall specify the average price of hay and oats at the nearest market town at the time of fixing such additional rates, and the period for which the order shall be enforced, not exceeding ten days, beyond the next general sessions; and no such order shall be valid unless a copy thereof, signed by the presiding magistrate and one other justice, or by the recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within three days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain when the day's march shall exceed fifteen miles, the justice granting his warrant may fix a further reasonable compensation not exceeding the usual rate of hire fixed by this Act; and when additional rates or compensation shall be granted, the justice shall insert in his own hand in the warrant the amount thereof, and the date of the order of sessions, if fixed by sessions, and the warrant shall be given to the officer commanding as his voucher; and the officer or noncommissioned officer demanding carriages by virtue of the warrant of a justice shall, in Great Britain, pay down the proper sums into the hands of the constable providing carriages, who shall give receipts for the same on unstamped paper; and, in Ireland, the officers or non-commissioned officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper sums to the owners or drivers of the carriages, and one third part of such payment shall be made before the carriage be loaded, and all the said payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in presence of a justice

1873. Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 11.

125

or constable; and no carriage shall be liable to carry more than thirty hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no car shall be liable to carry more than six hundredweight, and no dray more than twelve hundredweight; but the owner of such carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater weight shall be paid at the same rate for every hundredweight of the said excess; and the owners of such carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less weight, under the sum of threepence a mile for each car and sixpence a mile for each dray; and the loading of such carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the expense of the owner of the carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable time without hindrance of Her Majesty's service: Provided also, that a cart with one or more horses, for which the furnisher shall receive ninepence a mile, shall be required to carry fifteen hundredweight at the least; and that no penalties or forfeitures in any Act relating to highways or turnpike roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the number of horses or oxen or weight of loading of the aforesaid carriages, nor shall any such carriages on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress carriages for the march of marines from Dublin at least twenty-four hours notice of such march, and in case of emergency as long notice as the case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional number of cars and drays at his discretion out of the licensed cars and drays and other cars and drays within the county of the said city, and they shall by turns be employed on this duty at the prices and under the regulations herein-before mentioned; and no country cars, drays, or other carriages coming to markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the will of the owners in carrying the baggage of marines on any pretence whatever.

77. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, by their or his orders distinctly stating that a case of emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the chief secretary or under secretary, or the first clerk in the military department, to authorise any commanding officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces in any district or place, or to the chief acting agents for the supply of stores and provisions, by writing under his hand, reciting such order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all justices within their several jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their warrants for the provision, not only of waggons, wains, carts, and cars kept by or belonging to any person and for any use whatsoever, but also of saddle horses, coaches, postchaises, chaises, and other four-wheeled carriages

As to supply of carriages, &c. in cases of emergency.

126

Ch. 11.

Marine Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Justices of peace to direct payment of sums expended for carriages, &c.

Lord lieutenant of Ireland may depute persons to sign routes.

kept for hire, and of all horses kept to draw carriages licensed to carry passengers, and also of boats, barges, and other vessels used for the transport of any commodities whatsoever upon any canal or navigable river as shall be mentioned in the said warrants, therein specifying the place and distance to which such carriages or vessels shall go; and on the production of such requisition, or a copy thereof certified by the commanding officer, to such justice, by any officer of the corps ordered to be conveyed, such justice shall take all the same proceedings in regard to such additional supply so required on such emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary provision of carriages; and all provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary supply of carriages, and the duties of officers and non-commissioned officers, justices, constables, and owners of carriages in that behalf, shall be to all intents and purposes applicable for the providing and payment according to the rates of posting or of hire usually paid for such other description of carriages or vessels so required on emergency, according to the length of the journey or voyage in each case, but making no allowance for post horse duty, or turnpike, canal, river, or lock tolls, which duty or tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such carriages and vessels while employed in such service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the baggage, provisions, and military stores of such detachment, but also the officers, marines, servants, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to the same.

78. It shall be lawful for the justices of the peace assembled at their quarter sessions to direct the treasurer to pay, without fee, out of the public stock of the county or riding, or if such public stock be insufficient then out of moneys which the said justices shall have power to raise for that purpose, in like manner as for county gaols and bridges, such reasonable sums as shall have been expended by the constables within their respective jurisdictions for carriages and vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring the same, regard being had to the season of the year and the condition of the ways by which such carriages and vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such justices shall direct such payments to be made out of the rogues money and assessments directed and authorised to be assessed and levied by an Act passed during the session holden during the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-two.

79. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the time being of Ireland to depute, by warrant under his hand and seal, some proper person to sign routes in cases of emergency for the marching of any

127

1873. Marine Mutiny. Ch. 11.

of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces in Ireland in the name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

80. AJ1 officers and marines on duty or on their march, Exemption being in proper uniform, dress or undress, and their horses and from toUB# baggage, and all recruits marching by route, and all prisoners

under military escort, and all carriages and horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's colonies, when employed in conveying any such persons as aforesaid or their baggage or stores, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the payment of any duties and tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any pier, wharf, quay, or landing place, or in passing along or over any tumpikevor other roads or bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any prescription, grant, or custom, or by virtue of any Act or ordinance, order or direction, of any oolenial legislature or other authority in any of Her Majesty's colonies; and if any toll collector shall demand or receive toll from any marine officer or marine on duty or on their march who shall be in proper uniform, dress or undress, or for their horses, and who by this Act is exempted from payment thereof, or from any recruits marching by route, or from any prisoners under military escort, or for any carriages or horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her service under the provisions of this Act, when conveying persons or baggage or stores, or returning therefrom, every such collector shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any boats, barges, or other vessels employed in conveying the said persons, horses, baggage, or stores along any canal from payment of tolls in Eke manner as other boats, barges, and vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in cases of emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any officers or marines on service shall have occasion in the march by route to pass regular ferries in Scotland, the officer commanding shall be at Hberty to pass over with his marines as passengers, paying for himself and each marine one half only of the ordinary rate payable by passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the ferry boat for himself and his party, debarring all others for that time, and shall in such case pay only half the ordinary rate for such boat.

81. Every marine upon being discharged from the service Marching

shall be entitled to an allowance (not exceeding in any case dis"

the amount of twenty-one days marching money) to enable

him to reach his home, or the place at which he shall at the time of his discharge decide to take up his residence, if the cost of conveyance to such a place shall not exceed the cost of conveyance to the place of his original enlistment, which

128 Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 36 Vict.

allowance shall be calculated according to the distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no person who shall purchase his own discharge, or be discharged on account of misbehaviour, or at his own desire, before the expiration of his period of service, shall be entitled to any such allowance.

Penalties upon 82. If any constable or other person who by virtue of this off^ding6018 Act shall be employed in billeting any officers or marines in against the any part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any laws relating such officer or marine in any house not within the meaning of this Act without the consent of the owner or occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any officer or marine on duty when thereunto required in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any money or reward whatsoever in order to excuse any person from receiving any such officer or marine; or shall quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or marine in any such houses against the consent of the occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices as shall be directed to him for providing carriages, horses, or vessels, or shall demand more than the legal rates for the same; or if any person ordered by any constable in manner herein-before directed to provide carriages, horses, or vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the orders of such constable, or shall demand more than the legal rates for the same, or shall do any act or tiling by which the execution of any warrants for providing carriages, horses, or vessels shall be hindered; or if any person liable by this Act to have any officer or marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such officer or marine, or to afford him proper accommodation or diet in the house of such person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several things directed to be furnished to officers and marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient stables, together with good and sufficient oats, hay, and straw-in Great Britain and Ireland, for each horse, in such quantities and at such rates as herein-before provided, or if any innkeeper or victualler not having good and sufficient stables shall refuse to pay over to the person or persons who may provide stabling such allowance by way of compensation as shall be directed by any justice of the peace, or shall pay any sum of money to any marine on the march in lieu of furnishing in kind the diet and small beer to which such marine is entitled; such constable, victualler, and other person respectively shall forfeit for every offence, neglect, or refusal any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings; and if any person shall personate or represent himself to be a marine or marine recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a billet or money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such offence forfeit

1873, Marine Mutvny. Ch. 11. 129

any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than twenty shillings.

83. If any officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to Penalty upon quarter men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall of

- i J . , marines so

use or oner any menace or compulsion to or upon any justice, offending, constable, or other civil officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such officer shall for every such offence, being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the county by the oath of two credible witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any military employment in Her Majesty's service; provided a certificate of such conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the conviction be affirmed at some quarter sessions of the peace for the said county to be held next after the expiration of three months after such certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any marine officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken from any person any money or reward for excusing the quartering of officers or marines, or shall billet any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or marine in any house against the consent of the occupier, he shall for any of the said offences, upon being convicted thereof before a general court-martial, be cashiered; and if any officer shall constrain any carriage to travel beyond the distance specified in the justice's warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due time for their return home on the same day if it be practicable, except in the case of emergency for which the justice shall have given license, or shall compel the driver of any carriage to take up any marine or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride therein, except in cases of emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any constable, by threatening words, to provide saddle horses for himself or servants, or shall force horses from their owners, or in Ireland shall force the owner to take any loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required, and can be done within a reasonable time, or shall, contrary to the will of the owner or his servant permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every offence any sum not exceeding five pounds nor loss than forty shillings.

84. Every marine officer or marine who shall, without Penalty for warrant from one or more of Her Majesty's justices, forcibly

enter into or break open the dwelling-house or outhouse of deserters with-any person whomsoever in pursuit of any deserters, shall, upon oat warrant, due proof thereof, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

85. Any person who shall knowingly detain, buy, or ex- Penalty for change, or otherwise receive from any marine or marine ci^esf&c *

Ch. 11. Marine Mutiny. 36 Vict.

deserter, or any other person acting for or on his behalf, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any marine or marine deserter, or shall be employed by any marine or marine deserter, knowing him to be such, to sell any arms, ammunition, medals for good conduct or distinguishment, or other service, marine clothes, or military furniture, or any other articles which, according to the custom of the marine corps, are generally deemed regimental or divisional necessaries, or any provisions, sheets, or other articles used in barracks or provided under barrack regulations, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the marine or marine deserter or other person be or be not borne on the books of any one of Her Majesty's ships, or be or be not embarked, or who shall have in his or her possession or keeping any arms, ammunition, medals, marine clothes, or military furniture, or any other articles which, according to the custom of the marine corps, are generally deemed regimental or divisional necessaries, or any provisions, spirits, sheets, or other articles used in barracks or provided under barrack regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the colour or mark of any such clothes, appointments, necessaries, sheets, or other articles to be changed or defaced, or who shall pawn, sell, or deposit in any place or with any person such articles of regimental necessaries, with or without the consent of such marine, shall forfeit for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, together with treble the value of all or any of the several articles; and if any person having been at any time previously convicted of either of the above offences under this or any previous Act for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore shall afterwards be guilty of any such offence, he or she shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds but not less than five pounds, and the treble value of all or any of the several articles, and shall, in addition to such forfeiture, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without hard labour, for such term not exceeding six calendar months as the convicting justice or justices shall think fit; and upon any information against any person for a second or any subsequent offence, a copy of the former conviction, certified by the proper officer having the care or custody of such conviction, or any copy of the same proved to be a true copy, shall be sufficient evidence to prove such former conviction; and if any credible person shall prove, on oath before a justice of the peace or person exercising like authority according to the laws of that part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed, a reasonable cause to suspect that any person has in his or her possession or on his or her premises any property of the description herein-before described, on or with respect

1873. Marine Mutiny. Cff. 11. 131

to which any such offence shall have been committed, such justice may and he Is hereby required to grant a warrant to search for such property as in the case of stolen goods; and if upon such search any such property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the officer charged with the execution of such warrant, who shall bring the offender in whose possession the same shall be found before the same or any otter justice of the peace, to be dealt with according to law.

86. Every person (except such recruiting parties as may be Penalty on stationed under military command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed bills for the purpose of pro- recnutillS« curing recruits or substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall

open or keep any house or place of rendezvous or office, or receive any person therein under such bill or advertisement as connected with the marine recruiting service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without permission in writing from the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

87. For the better preservation of the game and fish in or Penalty on near places where any officer shall at any time be quartered, falling game every officer who shall, without leave in writing from the W1 ou eftve' person or persons entitled to grant such leave, take, kill, or destroy any game or fish within the United Kingdom, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

88. If any action shall be brought against any member or limitations of members of a court-martial to be assembled under the autho- actio118* riiy of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on

shore, in respect of the proceedings or the sentence thereof, or against any other person, for anything done in pursuance or under the authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in some one of the Courts [of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within six months next after the cause of action shall arise, and it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants therein, or in any such action now pending, to plead thereto the general issue, and to give all special matter in evidence on the trial; and if the verdict shall be for the defendant in any such action, or if the plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the court shall see fit to assoilzie the defendant or dismiss the complaint, the court in which the matter shall be tried shall allow the defendant treble costs, for the recovery of which he shall have the Eke remedy as in other cases where costs by the laws of this realm are given to defendants.

Marine Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Recovery of penalties.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

89. All offences for which any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture not exceeding twenty pounds, over and above any forfeiture of value or treble value, is by this Act imposed, shall and may be heard and determined by any justice of the peace in or near to the place where the offence shall be committed, or where the offender may at any time happen to be; and all such penalties and forfeitures, and forfeiture of value and treble value, and also the reasonable costs attending the prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same manner as any pecuniary penalties may be recovered under the provisions of an Act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of " justices of the peace out of sessions within England and " Wales with respect to summary convictions and orders Provided always, that in all cases in which there shall not be sufficient goods whereon any penalty or forfeiture or treble value can be levied, the offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any time not exceeding six calendar months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland for the recovery of all such penalties and forfeitures or treble value as fully to all intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consoli-u date and amend the Acts regulating the proceedings at petty " sessions, and the duties of justices of the peace out of quarter " sessions, in Ireland/' to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United Kingdom, may be determined, and the penalties and forfeitures of value or treble value recovered, before any justices of the peace or persons exercising like authority, according to the laws of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence shall be committed or the offender may at any time happen to be, and for default of payment the offender shall be punished as if the offence had been committed in the United Kingdom; and all penalties and forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding twenty pounds shall be recovered by action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles or in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions, in any of the royal or superior courts of such isles or other parts of Her Majesty's dominions. In any proceeding under this Act whereby any person incurs a penalty or forfeiture, such person may also be adjudged to pay the costs of such proceedings by the justice or justices or the court imposing such penalty or forfeiture.

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 11.

133

90. One moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture, not Appropriation including any treble value of any articles, shall go to the per- °* pea*1*-son who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other moiety, together with the treble value of such articles, or, where the

offence shall be proved by the person who shall inform, then the whole of the penalty and such treble value, shall be paid over and applied in such manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the regulation of municipal 5 & 6 W. 4.

" corporations in England and Wales," or in any other Act or 76 '

Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every justice who shall adjudge any penalty under this Act shall within four days thereafter at the furthest report the same, and his adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

91. It shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace, Licenses of within their respective jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any canteens* license for selling by retail any spirit, beer, wine, cider, or

perry to any person or persons applying for the same who shall hold any canteen under any lease thereof, or by agreement with any department or other authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, without regard to the time of year, or any notices or certificates required by any Act in respect of such licenses; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper officers within their respective districts shall also grant or transfer any such license as aforesaid; and such persons holding such canteens, and having such licenses as aforesaid may sell therein victuals, and all such exciseable liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any penalty or forfeiture whatever.

92. The statement made by a recruit on his attestation of Mode, ?f his place of birth shall (until legally disproved) be taken to ^e'sgsetti be flie place of his settlement, to which upon his discharge he ment may be sent by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, but any justice in the United Kingdom, within whose jurisdiction any marine shall be quartered on shore, may summon such marine before him, which summons such marine is hereby required to obey, and take his examination in writing upon oath touching the place of his last legal settlement; and such justice shall give an attested copy of such examination to the person so examined, to be by him delivered to his commanding officer to be produced when required, which said examination and such attested copy thereof shall be at any time admitted as good and legal evidence as to such legal

Ch. 11. Marirn Mutiny. 36 Vict.

settlement before any justice or at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, although such marine be dead or absent from the kingdom: Provided always, that in case any marine shall be again summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such examination or such attested copy being produced, such marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further oath with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave with such justice a copy of such examination or a cop£ of such attested copy of examination, if required.

93. Notwithstanding anything in this Act contained a - marine shall be liable to contribute to the maintenance of his wife and of his children, and also to the maintenance of any bastard child of which he may be proved to be the father, to the same extent as if he were not a marine; but execution shall not issue against his military necessaries or equipments, nor shall he be liable to be imprisoned or taken out of Her Majesty's service in consequence of such liability, or any order made for enforcing the same; nor shall he be liable to be punished as an idle or disorderly person, or as a rogue and vagabond, or as an incorrigible rogue, under the Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter eighty-three, intituled An Act for the punishment of " idle and disorderly persons, and rogues and vagabonds, in u that part of Great Britain called England," or under any other Act of Parliament, for the offence of neglecting to maintain his family or any member thereof or of leaving his family or any member thereof chargeable to any parish, township, or place, or combination of parishes, or to the common fund of any union; nor shall he, in Ireland, be liable to be convicted under the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make provision for the punishment of " vagrants and persons offending against the laws in force for the relief of the destitute poor in Ireland," for the offence of deserting or wilfully neglecting to maintain his wife or any child whom he may be liable to maintain, so that such wife or child shall become destitute and be relieved in or out of the workhouse of any union in Ireland.

When any order is made under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor, or under the Bastardy Acts, on a marine, or, in Scotland, decree is pronounced by a court of law having jurisdiction in an action of aliment or filiation and aliment against a marine for the maintenance of his wife or children, or for the maintenance of any such bastard child as aforesaid, or any of such persons, or where, in Ireland, any civil bill decree has been made for the cost of the maintenance of any illegitimate child against any marine being the putative father of such child, under the provisions of the Act passed in the

Marine Mutiny.

Ch. 11.

135

session of Parliament held in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the law enabling boards of guardians to " recover costs of maintenance of illegitimate children in certain cases in Ireland," or when any order or decree has been made on or against any marine for the recovery of the cost of any relief given to the wife or child of such marine under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor in Ireland by way of loan, a copy of such order or decree shall be left at the office of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, and the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral may withhold a portion not exceeding sixpence of the daily pay of a non-commissioned officer who is not below the rank of sergeant, and not exceeding threepence of the daily pay of any other marine, and allot the sum so withheld in liquidation of the sum adjudged to be paid by such order or decree.

Where a summons is issued against a marine under the said Acts, or any of them, or an action is raised against him at common law or under any Act of Parliament, for the purpose of enforcing against him any such liability as aforesaid, and such marine is quartered out of the petty sessional division in which the summons is issued, or out of the jurisdiction of the court in which the action is raised, the summons shall be served on his commanding officer, and such service shall not be valid unless there left therewith, or along with the service copy thereof, in the hands of the commanding officer, a sum of money to be adjudged as costs incurred in obtaining the order or decree (should an order be obtained or decree pronounced against the marine) sufficient to enable him to attend the hearing of the case, and return to his quarters; and no summons whatever under the said Acts or any of them, or at common law, shall be valid against a marine if served after the time at which an order has been given for his embarkation for service out of the United Kingdom.

94. All oaths and declarations which are authorised or Administration required by this Act may be administered (unless where of oaths. otherwise provided) by any justice of the peace or other person having authority to administer oaths and declarations; and any person giving false evidence, or taking a false oath Perjury, or declaration where an oath or declaration is authorised or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall be liable to such pains and penalties as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every commissioned officer convicted before a general court-martial of perjury shall be cashiered, and every marine or other person amenable to the

Ch. ll.

Marine Mutiny.

36 Vict.

Definition of terms.

Marines not to be billeted in private houses, &c.

provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a general or other court-martial shall be punished at the discretion of such court.

95. All clauses and provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and to the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the provisions of this Act shall apply to all persons who are or shall be commissioned or in pay as an officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in pay as a non-commissioned officer or marine; and all clauses and provisions relating to marines shall be construed to include non-commissioned officers and drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all clauses and provisions relating to justices shall be construed to extend to all magistrates authorised to act as such in their respective jurisdictions; and all the powers given to and regulations made for the conduct of constables, and all penalties and forfeitures for any neglect thereof, shall extend to all tithing-men, headboroughs, and such-like officers, and to all inspectors or other officers of police, and to high constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, and places in England and Ireland, and to all justices of the peace, magistrates of burghs, commissioners of police, and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, parishes, and places in Scotland, who shall act in the execution of this Act; and all powers and provisions for billeting marines in victualling houses shall Extend and apply to all inns, hotels, livery stables, alehouses, and to the houses of sellers of wine by retail, whether British or foreign, to be drunk in their own houses or places thereunto belonging, to all houses of persons licensed to sell beer, ale, porter, cider, or perry by retail, to be consumed or drunk in their dwelling-houses or premises, and to all houses of persons selling brandy, spirits, strong waters, cider, or metheglin by retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then marines may be billeted in such manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no officer or marine shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private houses, or in any canteen held or occupied under the authority of the Admiralty, War, or Marine Department, or upon persons who keep taverns only, being vintners of the city of London admitted to their freedom of that company in right of patrimony or apprenticeship, notwithstanding such persons who keep such taverns only have taken out victualling licenses; nor in the house of any distiller kept for distilling brandy and strong waters; nor in the house of any shopkeeper whose principal dealings shall be more in other goods and merchandise than in brandy and strong waters, so as such distillers and shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such houses; nor in the house or residence

137

in any part of the United Kingdom of any foreign consul duly accredited as such.

90. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from Duration of the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and Act* seventy-three until the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the islands thereto belonging, from the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four inclusive; and within the garrison of Gibraltar, and within the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four inclusive; and in all other parts of Europe where Royal Marine forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four inclusive; and in all other places from the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five inclusive: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the receipt and promulgation thereof in general orders in any part of Her Majesty's dominions or elsewhere beyond the seas, become and be in full force, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the I evidence in the matter now before you. So help you GOD.

VOU shall duly administer justice, according to the rules and I articles for the better government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces, and according to an Act now in force for the regulation of the said forces while on shore, without partiality, favour, or affection, and if any doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said articles or Act, according to your conscience, the best of your understanding, and the custom of war in the like cases: And you shall not divulge the sentence of the court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness by a court of justice or a court-martial in a due course of law. So help you GOD.

138

Ch. 11.

36 Vict.

Marine Mutiny.

Fork of Oath of Judge Advocate.

I do swear, that I will not, upon any

account whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness by a court of justice or a court-martial in a due course of law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due discharge of my official duties, disclose the sentence of the court until it shall be duly approved. So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

Bate 18

AJB.

rpAKE notice, that you enlisted with at

* - o'clock* on the day of for the

Royal Marines, and if you do not oome forward to [here name some place 1 on or before o'clock* on the

day of for the purpose of being taken before a justice,

either to be attested or to release yourself from your engagement by repaying the enlisting shilling and any pay you may have received as a recruit, and by paying twenty shillings as smart money, you will be liable to be punished as a rogue and vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same punishment if you make any wilfully false representations at the time of attestation.

Signature of the non-commissioned \ officer serving the notice. J

At a.m. or p.m., as the ease may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

I now residing in the parish of

in the county of, do solemnly and sincerely

declare, that to the best of my knowledge and belief I was bom in the parish of (a) in or near the town of (b)

in the county of (c), and am years of

age; that I am of the trade or calling of [or of no

trade or calling, as the case may be]; that I am not an apprentice; that I am married (that I am not a widower; that I am a widower, and that I have (or have not) children) [or not married, as the case may be]; that I do not belong to the militia, or to the naval coast volunteers, or royal naval volunteers, or to any portion of Her Majesty's land or sea forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by land or sea in any military, marine, or naval employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked

with the letter D; that I have never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's service on any previous enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the day of

18, at o'clock m. by of

and that I have read for had read to me]

Ch. 11.

139

1873. Ma/rme Mutiny.

the notice then given to me and understood its meaning; that I enlisted for a bounty of and a free kit [as the

case may be"], and have no objection to make to the manner of my enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marines for the term of [the blank after the words term of" to be filled up with twelve years, if the person enlisted is of the age of eighteen years or upwards; but if under that age, then the difference between his age and eighteen is to be added to such twelve years] provided Her Majesty should so long require my services, and also for such further term, not exceeding two years, as shall be directed by the commanding officer on any foreign station *

__________ Signature of recruit,

Signature of witness.

Note (a), (&), (c). — These blanki need not be filled np if the recruit is unable to give the requisite information.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

IDO make oath, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty, her heirs and successors; and that I will, as in duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, in person, crown, and dignity, against all enemies, and will observe and obey all orders of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and of the generals and officers set over me.

So help me GOD.

Witness my hand, ________:_______Signature of the recruit.

__________Witness present.

Declared and sworn before me at -]

this day of one thousand >

eight hundred and at o'clock J

__________Signature of the justice.

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

Ido declare, that I am at present [or was, as the case may be, -] in the division of the Royal

Marine forces; that I enlisted on the day of

for a term of years; that I am of the age of

years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, as a marine, for a further term of years [to be filled

up with such number of years as shall be required to complete a total service of twenty-one years ], provided my services should so long be required, and also for such further term, not exceeding two years, as shall be directed by the commanding officer on any foreign station.

__________Signature of marine.

---- Signature of witness.

Declared before me this day 1

of 18 .

Ch. 11. MaHm Mutiny. 36 Vict.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has

absconded.

I of do make oath, that I am by

trade a, and that was bound

to serve as an apprentice to me in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of for the term of

years; and that the said did on or about the

day of last abscond and quit my service without my consent,

and that to the best of my knowledge and belief the said is aged about years. Witness my band at

the day of one thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at day of eight hundred and this

one thousand

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T one of Her Majesty's justices of the

to wit. j J- peace of certify, that of

came before me at the day of

one thousand eight hundred and, and made oath

that he was by trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an apprentice to him in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of, for the

term of years; and that the said apprentice did on or

about the day of abscond and quit

the service of the said without his consent, and that

to the best of his knowledge and belief the said apprentice is aged about years.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or

surrendered himself, as the cate may 6e] on the day

of and was committed to confinement at on the

day of as deserter from the Royal Marines.

Age

Height -

Feet.

Inches.

Complexion - -<j r

Hair j r

Eyes -j r

Marks - - r

Probable date of enlistment, and where <j r

Probable date of desertion, and from I what place ]

/Name and occupation and address of the person by whom or through whose means the deserter was apprehended and secured -

Particulars of the evidence on which the prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what I manner, and upon what grounds - I

It is important for the public service, and for the interest of the deserter, that this part of the return should be accurately filled up, and the details should be inserted by the magistrate in his own handwriting, or, under his direction, by his clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my presence that hef a deserter from the above-mentioned corps.

— Signature and address of

magistrate.

- ---- Signature of prisoner.

— - Signature of informant.

t Insert" is " or " is not," as the case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the prisoner, and consider him { for military service.

..... - Signature of military

medical officer, or of private medical practitioner.

t Insert" fit " or unfit/* as the case may be; and, if unfit, state the cause of unfitness.

142 Ch. 12, 13. Custody of Infants. 36 Vict.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Custody of Infants.

[24th April 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient further to amend the law relating to the custody of infants:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Court of 1. From and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful

oriSrCStmay for the High Court of Chancery in England or in Ireland mother may respectively, upon hearing the petition by her next friend of have access to the mother of any infant or infants under sixteen years of infant under ° age> to order that the petitioner shall have access to such infant sixteen years, or infants at such times and subject to such regulations as the Court shall deem proper, or to order that such infant or infants shall be delivered to the mother, and remain in or under her custody or control, or shall, if already in her custody or under her control, remain therein until such infant or infants shall attain such age, not exceeding sixteen, as the Court shall direct; and further, to order that such custody or control shall be subject to such regulations as regards access by the father or guardian of such infant or infants, and otherwise, as the said Court shall deem proper.

In case of 2. No agreement contained in any separation deed made

twee^faU^ between the father and mother of an infant or infants shall be and mother. beld to be invalid by reason only of its providing that the father of such infant or infants shall give up the custody or control thereof to the mother: Provided always, that no Court shall enforce any such agreement if the Court shall be of opinion that it will not be for the benefit of the infant or infants to give effect thereto.

Repeal of 3. The Act of the second and third Victoria, chapter fifty-

c.w! 1Ct* four, intituled "An Act to amend the law relating to the custody

" of infants," shall be and is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to discontinue the Office of Special Commissioners of Salmon Fisheries in England.

[24th April 1873.]

WHEREAS under the Salmon Fishery Act, 1865, certain c*12L V. Special Commissioners were appointed, whose offices

were to continue in force for two years, and from thenceforth until the end of the next session of Parliament, and by

Salmon Fisheries Commissioners. Ch. 13, 14.

143

various Acts, and lastly by the Expiring Laws Continuance 35 & 36 Vict. Act, 1872, the offices of the said Commissioners were con- c* 88, tinued until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and the end of the then next Session of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient to discontinue the said Commissioners as herein-after mentioned:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. After the passing of this Act, the offices of the Special Discontinuance Commissioners appointed under the Salmon Fishery Act, 1865, of Special and all powers, rights, and privileges pertaining thereto, shall determine, without prejudice nevertheless to anything done as & 29 Vict. by the said Commissioners before the said day, and no further °*121* appointment of such Commissioners shall be made under the said Act.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Harbour of Portpatrick in Scotland, and to vest the Lighthouse of Portpatrick in the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses.

[15th May 1873.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the first year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving and 1 G. 4. c. 112. " completing the harbour of Portpatrick in Scotland, so as " to render the same a more fit situation for His Majesty's " packets," commissioners were appointed to act in the execution of the said Act, and to construct and maintain a fit and proper harbour at Portpatrick for affording suitable accommodation to His Majesty's packets on the station between Portpatrick and Donaghadee:

And whereas in pursuance of certain of the provisions of the Harbours Transfer Act, 1862, the said harbour of Portpatrick and all breakwaters, piers, jetties, quays, wharves, lighthouses, roads, approaches, works, and buildings belonging thereto, and the ground and soil thereof, and all lands and hereditaments acquired for the purposes thereof, so far as on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three the same were vested in the Admiralty or in any commissioner for the execution of any Act for any estate or interest, but not further or otherwise, were transferred to and became vested in the Board of Trade in trust for Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for the public service:

CH. 14.

PortpcUrick Harbour.

1873.

Enactments in schedule repealed.

Board of Trade freed from all liability in respect of harbour, &c.

Confirmation of acts of Board of Trade previous to Act.

Lighthouse, &c. to be vested in the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses.

And whereas the said port and harbour are no longer used by Her Majesty's packets, and the Board of Trade have therefore ceased to act with respect to the said port and harbour of Portpatrick under the provisions of the recited Acts, and it is therefore expedient that the said provisions should be repealed, and that provisions such as are in this Act contained should be made:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The enactments specified in the first and second columns of the schedule to this Act annexed shall, to the extent specified in the third column of the said schedule, be and the same are hereby repealed.

2. The Board of Trade shall be and are by this Act absolutely freed and released from all liabilities whatsoever (if any) under the enactments by this Act repealed, or any of them, or otherwise howsoever in relation to the making, maintaining, and preserving the port and harbour of Portpatrick, and of all piers, quays, wharves, jetties, works, erections, and buildings in connexion therewith, and in relation to the navigation or use of the said port and harbour, and in relation to the making, amending, widening, turning, altering, or enlarging of any roads, ways, passages, and other conveniences in connexion with the said harbour, and in relation to all matters and things necessary or proper for the improving, completing, and maintaining of the said port and harbour, and the execution of the purposes of the said enactments, or any of them.

3. All sales by the Board of Trade before the passing of this Act of lands vested in the said Board, under any of the enactments by this Act repealed, and all conveyances of the same made before the passing of this Act, and all matters or things done before the passing of this Act by the Board of Trade in relation to the said port and harbour of Portpatrick, or any works connected therewith, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good, valid, and effectual and binding upon all parties.

4. From and after the passing of this Act, the lighthouse of Portpatrick, and the light-keepers dwelling house, with the land, buildings, and appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, and all the fixtures, apparatus, and furniture connected therewith, shall be transferred to and vested in the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses; and the maintenance, control, and management of the said lighthouse shall thenceforth be in the said Commissioners in the same way as are the several lighthouses now belonging to them.

Portpatrick Harbour.

SCHEDULE.

Ch. 14.

145

Date of Act. Title. Portions of Act repealed.

1 Geo. 4. c. 112. An Act for improving and completing the harbour of Portpatrick in Scotland, so as to render the same a more fit situation for His Majesty's packets. The whole Act.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 106.- An Act to enable the Admiralty to close the harbour of Portpatrick during the execution of certain works in such harbour sanctioned by Parliament. The whole Act.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 69. - An Act for transferring from the Admiralty to the Board of Trade certain powers and duties relative to harbours and navigation under local and other Acts, and for other purposes. So much of section 17, and of the Schedule, as relates to Portpatrick Harbour.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the New Zealand Roads, &c. Loan Act, 1870.

[15th May 1873.]

WHEREAS by the New Zealand (Roads, &c.) Loan Act, 33 & 34 Vict.

1870, (in this Act referred to as the principal Act) the c*40* Treasury were authorised to guarantee the payment of a loan not exceeding one million pounds, raised by the Government of New Zealand for the purposes therein mentioned, and it was provided that the Treasury should not give any guarantee unless and until provision had been made, as therein mentioned, for securing the payment of the principal, interest, and sinking fund of the said loan:

And whereas by the last paragraph of section three of the principal Act it was enacted as follows:

" The Treasury shall not guarantee in any one year a larger 33 & 34 Vict. " sum than two hundred thousand pounds, and the Treasury c- 40-s- 3 *

" before guaranteeing any portion of the loan after the first " shall satisfy themselves that the portion of the loan already " raised has been or is in the course of being spent for the " purposes mentioned in this Act And whereas the said loan is a portion of a loan of much larger amount, which the Government of New Zealand are

Amendment of sect. 3 of 33 & 84 Vict. c. 40.

Construction of Act

authorised to raise for the purposes mentioned in the above Act, and of which the residue will not be guaranteed by the Treasury, and a considerable portion of such loan has been actually raised without such guarantee, and part thereof to the amount of upwards of eight hundred thousand pounds has been actually expended for the purposes mentioned in the principal Act:

And whereas the Government of New Zealand have represented to the Treasury that the relaxation of the conditions of the above-recited enactment in section three of the principal Act would enable them to raise the said loan on better terms, and thus carry into effect at less cost the purposes of the principal Act:

And whereas it is expedient to substitute for the above-recited enactment of section three of the principal Act, such enactment as herein-after mentioned:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows (that is to say,)

L The last paragraph of section three of the principal Act (which paragraph is above recited) is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof be it enacted as follows:

The Treasury shall not after the passing of this Act give any further guarantee under the principal Act unless and until the Treasury are satisfied that the portion of the loan previously guaranteed, or an equal amount of any other loan of the Government of New Zealand, has been or is in the course of being spent for the purposes mentioned in the principal Act.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

3. The principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the "New Zealand (Roads, &c.) Loan Acts, 1870 and 1873," and this Act may be cited as the New Zealand (Roads, &c.) Loan Act, 1873.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Marriages in Ireland in certain cases.

[15th May 1873.]

WHEREAS doubts have been entertained whether the provisions of the Act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-seven, relating to the registration of places of public worship in

1873. Marriages in Ireland. Ch. 16. 147

Ireland, and the solemnization of marriages therein, extend to places of public worship used by any church or religious community who are not Roman Catholics and who do not describe themselves as Protestant:

And whereas it is expedient to remove such doubts, and to make provision for the solemnization of marriages between members of any such church or religious community in manner following:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L All the provisions of the said Act relating to the regis- Extension of tration of places of public worship shall be deemed to extend P^0^»onflof and apply to places of public worship used by any such church c 27 lct* or religious community as aforesaid; and all the provisions of 7 & 8 Vict. the said Act, and of the Act passed in the seventh and eighth c*81* years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-one, and of the Acts amending and extending the said Acts or either of them, relating to marriages between persons one or both of whom shall belong to any church, denomination, or body of Protestant Christians, so for as the same are now in force and applicable, shall be deemed to extend and shall extend and apply to marriages between persons one or both of whom shall belong to any such church or religious community as aforesaid.

2. Any marriage heretofore solemnized between members Certain mar-of any such church or religious community as aforesaid which declared would have been legal and valid had the parties to such marriage been Protestant Episcopalians within the meaning of

the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870, shall be and be deemed valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding that such parties were not Protestant Episcopalians at the time of such marriage.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1873; and the said Act of

the twenty-sixth year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-seven, and this Act, may be cited together for all purposes as the Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Acts,

1863 and 1873.

4. His Act and the said Act of the twenty-sixth year of Construction the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-seven, so far of Act

as the same is not inconsistent with this Act, shall be construed together as one Act.

, 148

[Short title.]

Interpretation of terms.

The Dividend on East India Stock to be redeemed or commuted.

The Dividend to cease from 30th April 1874.

Ch. 17. East India Stock Dividend Redemption. 36 Vict.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to provide for the Redemption or Commutation of the Dividend on the Capital Stock of the East India Company, and for the transfer of the Security Fund of the India Company to the Secretary of State in Council of India, and for the Dissolution of the East India Company.

[15th May 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provision should be made for the redemption or commutation of the Dividend on the Capital Stock of the East India Company, and for the transfer of the Security Fund of the India Company to the Secretary of State in Council of India, and for the dissolution of the East India Company:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The East India Stock Dividend Redemption Act, 1873."

2. In this Act —

" East India Stock" means the Capital Stock of the East India Company:

The expression "Proprietors of East India Stock" means and includes all persons, bodies politic or corporate, and the executors or administrators of all persons in whose names any portion or Share of East India Stock may be standing in the books kept for or on behalf of the East India Company by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

3. The Dividend now payable by law to the East India Company on East India Stock shall be redeemed or commuted, as herein-after mentioned.

4. The Dividend now payable by law to the East India Company on East India Stock shall continue payable until the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and no longer.

Provided always, that a proportionate part of the said Dividend, and no more, shall become due for the period from the Sixth day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, to the Thirtieth day of April in the same year; and the payment of such proportionate part shall be made as near as may be in the manner in which the half-yearly payments of the said Dividend are now made, and all powers of attorney in force at the time of the passing of this Act, or

149

1873. East India Stock Dividend Redemption. Ch. 17.

which may hereafter be granted, for the receipt of Dividends to accrue on East India Stock, shall, unless legally revoked, enable the Attorney or Attorneys therein named to receive the proportionate part of the Dividend which will become due on the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four,

5. The Secretary of State in Council of India may offer for the acceptance of the proprietors of East India Stock, by way of commutation for their respective portions or shares of the Dividend thereon, any stocks, funds, or securities which the Secretary of State in Council may have power to dispose of, or may be authorised by any Act of Parliament to create and issue; and any such offer may be made upon such terms and subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State in Council shall think fit.

6. The Secretary of State in Council may prescribe the manner in which the assents of the proprietors of East India Stock to accept any of such Stocks, Funds, or Securities as may be offered in respect of the proposed commutation are to be signified, and the period within which such assents are to be given, and may order that the transfer books of East India Stock be closed from such date as may, in the opinion of the Secretary of State in Council, be necessary or convenient.

7. Upon the requisition of the Secretary of State in Council, the East India Company shall furnish the Secretary of State in Council with all necessary information as to the proprietors of East India Stock, and shall permit any person or persons appointed by the Secretary of State in Council to have free access to the books kept for or on behalf of the said Company by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to take copies thereof or extracts therefrom.

8. The Secretary of State in Council may offer the proposed commutation either directly to the proprietors of East India Stock or to the East India Company, for the purpose of being communicated to the proprietors,

9. In case the offer of the proposed commutation shall be made to the East India Company, the said Company shall comply with such instructions as may from time to time be given by the Secretary of State in Council, and shall furnish such Certificates under the Seal of the said Company as the Secretary of State in Council may require.

10. Her Majesty's Paymaster-General and the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland may, within such period as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State in Council, signify to the Secretary of State in Council, or to the East India Company, as the case may be, on behalf of any person or persons interested in East India Stock, standing

Power to Secretary of State in Council of India to offer Terms of Commutation to proprietors of Stock.

Power to Secretary of State in Council to prescribe the manner in which the assents of proprietors are to be given, &c.

East India Company to furnish necessary information, and to permit access to their books.

Commutation may be offered to proprietors or to Company.

East India Company to comply with instructions of Secretary of State in Council, &c.

Power to Paymaster-General on behalf of Court of Chan* eery in England, and Accountant

General of Court of Chancery in Ireland, to assent to proposed commutation.

Special orders may be made on application of persons interested.

Power to Courts of Chancery to direct Paymaster-General and Accountant-General to assent where no special orders.

Power to Executors, &c. to assent.

in the books kept for or on behalf of the said Company as aforesaid to the account of the Paymaster-General for the time being on behalf of the Court of Chancery, or in the name of the said Accountant-General respectively, such assent as the said Paymaster-General and Accountant-General respectively may be directed to give by the Courts of Chancery in England and Ireland respectively, to accept and receive in lieu of such East India Stock such Stocks, Funds, or Securities as may be offered for the acceptance of the proprietors of East India Stock by the Secretary of State in Council, and orders may be made in a summary way by the Courts of Chancery in England and Ireland, upon the application by summons in Chambers of persons interested, for directing the said Paymaster-General and Accountant-General respectively as to signifying or not signifying such assent, and otherwise in relation thereto.

After the expiration of the period prescribed by the Secretary of State in Council as aforesaid, the Courts of Chancery in England and Ireland respectively, may by General Order direct the said Paymaster-General and Accountant-General respectively, within such further period as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State in Council, to signify, on behalf of the persons interested in East India Stock standing in the books kept for or on behalf of the said Company as aforesaid to the account of the Paymaster-General for the time being on behalf of the Court of Chancery, or in the name of the said Accountant-General respectively, in respect of which no special orders shall have been made under the provision herein-before contained, their assent to accept and receive in lieu of such East India Stock such of the Stocks, Funds, or Securities offered for the acceptance of the proprietors of East India Stock by the Secretary of State in Council as the said Courts of Chancery respectively shall think fit; and the dividends to accrue on such Stocks, Funds, or Securities as may be accepted in lieu of East India Stock, under this provision, shall continue to be paid and dealt with in like manner as the dividends on such East India Stock would have been paid and dealt with in case this Act had not been passed until the Court of Chancery shall make further Order therein; and the said Paymaster-General and Accountant-General respectively shall be fully indemnified against all actions, suits, or proceedings for or in respect of any act, matter, or thing done by them respectively in pursuance of this Act.

11. All executors, administrators, guardians, and trustees, and all committees of the estates of idiots and lunatics, who, as such, shall have the control over any portion or share of East India Stock, standing either in their own names or in the name or names of any testator or intestate infant, idiot, or lunatic, or other person or persons, may signify such assent

151

1873. East India Stock Dividend Redemption* Ch. 17.

as aforesaid, at any time within such period as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State in Council; and all executors, administrators, guardians, trustees, and committees signifying such assent shall be severally and respectively indemnified in respect thereof: Provided always, that an assent for the purposes aforesaid, signed by one of such executors, administrators, guardians, trustees, or committees for and on behalf of himself and the others or other of them, shall be sufficient, and shall be binding and conclusive upon the others and other of them, and shall be acted upon by the Secretary of State in Council, as if the same had been signed by the whole of such executors, administrators, guardians, trustees, and committees, unless some one or more of them shall give notice to the Secretary of State in Council, or to the East India Company, as the case may be, previously to the expiration of the period to be prescribed by the Secretary of State in Council for signifying such assent, of his, her, or their dissent therefrom.

12. Provided always, that in all cases in which any trustee, Conditions on executor, or administrator shall hold or be entitled to any ^chTVaEtees, portion or share of East India Stock upon trust for or for the Admmis-benefit of any person or persons having a limited interest tratore may therein, or who may be under legal disability in respect thereof, a88ent *

no such trustee, executor, or administrator shall be at liberty to give notice of his assent to receive in lieu thereof any of the Stocks, Funds, or Securities which may be offered by the Secretary of State in Council for the acceptance of the proprietors of East India Stock by way of commutation as aforesaid, without the consent in writing of all persons beneficially interested in such Stock if competent and willing to consent, but if such persons shall not agree, or if any of such persons shall be under legal disability, or if the trust be such that persons yet unborn may become interested under the same, then, and in any of such cases, every such trustee, executor, or administrator shall commute the Stock so held by him in such manner only as a Judge of the Court of Chancery in England or Ireland, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, shall direct: Provided also, that all applications for such purpose as last aforesaid, and every other application hereby authorised to be made to the Courts of Chancery in England and Ireland respectively, and to the Court of Session in Scotland, may be heard and disposed of in such manner, on the attendance of such parties, and on such evidence as the Judge shall think fit, who shall have power to direct by whom or in what way the costs and expenses of such applications respectively shall be borne and defrayed.

13. All proprietors of East India Stock who shall not signify Proprietors not

their assents to commute their respective shares of the Dividend

on the said Stock, in accordance with the terms of commu- r^eive on 30th tation to be proposed by the Secretary of State in Council, April 1874,

Ch. 17. East India Stock Dividend Redemption. 36 Vict.

£200 sterling shall, on the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred for £ioo Stock, seventy-four, receive from the Secretary of State in Council the sum of Two hundred pounds sterling for every One hundred pounds of the said Stock, and so in proportion for any greater or less amount: Provided always, that the payment to such account as may be directed to be opened by the Secretary of State in Council at the Bank of England for the use of the proprietors of East India Stock entitled thereto of any money payable under this provision in respect of the said Stock, shall be a full discharge of the amount so paid, and the proprietors of the said Stock, or their agents duly authorised, shall be at liberty to demand and receive payment from the said Bank, upon application for that purpose on or at any time after the said Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, of the sums so paid for the use of such proprietors respectively.

14. The payment to such Account as aforesaid at the Bank of England for the use of the proprietors of East India Stock entitled thereto of the total amount payable in respect of the said Stock shall be deemed to be a payment to the East India Company, within the meaning of the twelfth Section of the Act third and fourth William the Fourth, chapter eighty-five, and a sufficient compliance with the provisions of the said Section in that behalf.

Payment to Bank of England for the use of proprietors of total amount payable, to be deemed payment to East India Company.

Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt to transfer Security Fund of the India Company to Account of Secretary of State in Council.

Power to Secretary of State in Council to grant Letter of Attorney for Bale, &c. of Stock on account of Security Fund.

15. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall, immediately after the passing of this Act, transfer all Stocks standing in their names on account of the Security Fund of the India Company, to such Accounts as may be necessary to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in respect of such Stocks, and all.such Accounts respectively shall be intituled, "The Stock " Account of the Secretary of State in Council of India in " respect of the Security Fund of the India Company and such Commissioners shall also immediately after the passing of this Act pay all moneys, if any, in their possession at that time on account of the Security Fund of the India Company into the Bank of England to the credit of an Account to be opened by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be intituled " The Account of the Secretary of State " in Council of India in respect of the Security Fund of the " India Company."

16. The Secretary of State in Council, by Letter of Attorney executed by two Members of the Council, and countersigned by the Secretary of State or one of his Under-Secretaries, or his Assistant Under-Secretary, may authorise all or any of the Cashiers of the Bank of England to sell and transfer all or any part of the Stock or Stocks standing, or that may thereafter stand, in the Books of the said Bank to the Accounts

153

intituled "The Stock Account of the Secretary of State in " Council of India in respect of the Security Fund of the " India Company/' and to purchase and accept Stock on the said Accounts, and to receive the dividends due and to become due on the several Stocks standing, or that may thereafter stand, on the said Accounts, and by any writing signed by two Members of the Council and countersigned as aforesaid, may direct the application of the moneys to be received in respect of such sales and dividends; but no Stock shall be purchased or sold and transferred by any of the said Cashiers, under the authority of such General Letter of Attorney, except upon an order directed to the Chief Cashier and Chief Accountant of the Bank of England from time to time, and duly signed and countersigned as aforesaid.

17. The Account to be intituled " The Account of the Account how " Secretary of State in Council of India in respect of the to *drawn " Security Fund of the India Company," to be opened at upon '

the Bank of England pursuant to this Act, shall be drawn upon by such person or persons, and in such manner as may from time to time be directed by the Secretary of State in Council, and the said Account shall be deemed a Public Account.

18. No part of the Stocks to be transferred to the Accounts No part of to be intituled " The Stock Account of the Secretary of State ?anf!Brre

" in Council of India in respect of the Security Fund of the appUed other- India Company," or of the dividends to accrue due on such wise than to Stocks, or of the moneys to be paid to the Account to be of

intituled "The Account of the Secretary of State in Council certain claims " of India in respect of the Security Fund of the India satisfied.

" Company," or of the cash to arise from the temporary investment of moneys standing to such last-mentioned Account, shall be applied to any purposes other than the redemption or commutation of the dividend on East India Stock or the accumulation of a fund for the redemption of such dividend, unless and until the total amount payable for the use of proprietors of East India Stock who shall not signify their assents to commute their respective shares of the dividend on the said Stock shall have been actually paid to such account as shall be raised at the Bank of England in pursuance of the directions in that behalf herein-before contained.

19. In every case in which any person or persons shall, at Bonds or Con-the time of the passing of this Act, be bound by the condition

of any bond or obligation, or by the terms of any instrument gtoek to be in writing, or by any agreement or contract, to transfer any deemed satis-amount of East India Stock, the condition of such bond or obligation, or the terms of such instrument in writing, or such of any

agreement or contract, shall, unless such option and notice be Stocks, Funds, declared and given as herein-after provided, be deemed in law or Securities

Ch. 17. East India Stock Dividend Redemption. 36 Vict.

offered by way and equity to be satisfied by making a transfer of such an tioiTante?" amonn^ any Stocks, Funds, or Securities which may be noticegiTen. offered by the Secretary of State in Council for the acceptance of the proprietors of East India Stock, by way of commutation as aforesaid, as would upon an assent by a person entitled thereto be receivable in respect of such an amount of East India Stock as under such condition, terms, agreement, or con-As to payment tract should be transferred; and where any person or persons of dividend. ghall, at the time of the passing of this Act, be bound by the condition of any bond or obligation, or by the terms of any instrument in writing, or by any agreement or contract, to pay half-yearly sums equal to the Dividends on any specified amount of East India Stock, every such bond, obligation, instrument, agreement, or contract shall be satisfied by the payment of half-yearly sums equal to the Dividends of or upon such amount of any Stocks, Funds, or Securities which may be offered by the Secretary of State in Council for the acceptance of the proprietors of East India Stock, by way of commutation as aforesaid, as would upon an assent by a person entitled thereto be receivable in respect of such specified amount of East India Stock.

20. In every case in which any East India Stock shall have been transferred by way of loan, upon any condition in any otoca on uon-, r J J

tract to replace, o°nd or instrument, or under or upon any agreement or con-

may demand tract for the repayment of such loan, by the replacing the for^v8ter£igoo amoim^ Stock so transferred, the person or persons who frock?*7 °° shall have made any such loan, his or their executors, administrators, or assigns, may declare an option, and give notice thereof in writing, and thereby require — but at the times, and on the terms, at and on which he or they might have required a re-transfer of the Stock so lent — the repayment of Two hundred pounds sterling for every One hundred pounds of East India Stock so transferred by way of loan as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less amount; and every bond, obligation, instrument, agreement, or contract given, entered into, or made upon any such loan or contract, shall be deemed in every such case, in law and in equity, to entitle the person or persons who shall have made any such loan, his or their executors, administrators, or assigns, to such repayment in money, and in the meantime to receive interest according to the original contract, and to demand and recover the same respectively in any court in which any action, suit, process, or proceeding may be brought, instituted, or carried on upon any such bond, obligation, instrument, agreement, or contract, anything in any such bond or obligation, instrument, agreement, or contract to the contrary notwithstanding.

Lenders of Bast India

Attorne ° for 21. Every power of attorney in force at the time of the

Sale°or Transfer P8^ of this Act or which may hereafter be granted for the of East India sale or transfer of any East India Stock, shall, unless legally

revoked, remain in full force, for the purpose of enabling the Stock to autho-attomey or attorneys therein named to give a legal discharge ^rece*Pt of for the money which will become payable for the redemption MoneyPor°n of the dividend on such Stock, in case an assent to accept assent to comother Stocks, Funds, or Securities in lieu thereof may not mutation' have been signified under the provisions of this Act, or to assent to accept in lieu of the dividend on such East India Stock and Stocks, Funds, or Securities which may be offered by the Secretary of State in Council for the acceptance of the proprietors of East India Stock, by way of commutation as aforesaid, and to sell or transfer the same accordingly.

Every power of attorney in force at the time of the passing Powers of of this Act or which may hereafter be granted for the receipt of Divi-of any dividends to accrue on any East India Stock, shall, a£n&s on East unless legally revoked, remain in full force, for the purpose of India Stock to enabling the attorney or attorneys therein named to receive ^pt°of i>m-the dividends to accrue on any Stocks, Funds, or Securities dends on that may be accepted in lieu of the dividend on such East Stocks accepted India Stock, under the provisions of this Act. m lleu thereof *

22. All trusts, whether created by will or otherwise, existing Trusts as to either in whole or in part, and all directions contained in any Stock com-will remaining unexecuted at the time of the passing of this tend^Stocks" Act, as to any East India Stock, the dividend now payable on received by which may under this Act be commuted into other Stocks, waJ °.f com-Funds, or Securities, or as to the payment or distribution of mutation* any Dividends thereon, or as to the transfer of any such East India Stock in any events specified in any such trusts or will, shall extend and be deemed and construed in all cases and in all Courts of Law and Equity in the United Kingdom or elsewhere in any dominions or territories belonging to Her Majesty, to extend and to apply to all Stocks, Funds, or Securities accepted in Hen of any East India Stock, subject to or affected by any such trusts or will, for all purposes and in all cases in which such trusts or to which any such directions can be made applicable: Provided always, that in all cases in which any proportions or parts of any such East India Stock are required to be transferred under any such trusts, or under the provisions of or directions contained in any will, or any proportion or part of any Dividend arising from and out of any such Stock is required to be paid or distributed, the transfer of any Stocks, Funds, or Securities received by way of commutation of the dividend on such East India Stock, and equivalent at the rate at which such commutation was effected, and the payment and distribution of the Dividends payable upon such Stocks, Funds, or Securities, shall be and be deemed and taken in all courts and for all purposes to be a due execution of such trusts, or of the directions contained in any such will, and shall fully discharge the trustee or trustees or executor or executors making the same, who are hereby

Ch. 17. East India Stock Dividend Redemption. 36 Vict.

declared to be and are hereby fully indemnified in respect of such execution of any such trusts and executorship as aforesaid.

Questions as to 23. In every case in which any question may have arisen trusts arising or may arise upon the execution of any trusts, or upon any tionT^oder8" distributions which may have been or may be made, or may this Act may remain to be made, by any trustees, executors, or administrate decided by tors of or in relation to or arising out of any East India Stock ^y^EMknd may ^ave been vested in any trustees, or which may

or Ireland; or have been distributable by any executors or administrators, by the Court or as to the application of any residue thereof, or as to the dis-5*" tribution or application of any Stocks, Funds, or Securities that may be accepted in lieu of the dividend on any East India Stock under the provisions of this Act, whether as to the powers or authorities of any such trustees, executors, or administrators, or as to the relative interests of any persons entitled under any such trusts or under wills to receive any annuities charged upon or arising or payable out of the proceeds of any such East India Stock, and of any persons interested in any residue of any such Stock, whether under any specific provision relating to any such trusts, or contained in any wills, or arising out of the execution of any wills by any executors, or the distribution of any estates by any administrators, and in all other cases whatsoever in which any question may arise in consequence of commutation under this Act, such trustees, executors, or administrators, and any persons entitled to or interested in any East India Stock, the dividend on which is commuted under this Act, or any Stocks, Funds, or Securities accepted in lieu of the dividend on such East India Stock commuted under this Act, whether in reversion or otherwise, may make application to the Court of Chancery in England, or to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, or to the Court of Session in Scotland, in a summary way, by motion or petition, or summons at Chambers; and the Courts of Chancery in England or Ireland respectively, or the Court of Session in Scotland, may make general orders in relation to any such question, or special orders in a summary way upon any such application or as to any other matter or thing relating to any such Stock, Stocks, Funds, or Securities, or to any dividend thereon, and all trustees, executors, administrators, and other persons acting under any orders made by any of such Courts respectively, or whose acts shall be confirmed by any of such Courts respectively, if done before any application made to an}r of the said Courts respectively, shall be and are hereby fully indemnified against all actions, suits, or proceedings for or in respect of any act, matter, or thing done by them respectively in pursuance of or under any such order, or which shall be confirmed by any such order; and in case any action, suit, or other proceeding be commenced or instituted against any such

157

trustee, executor, administrator, or other person for or in respect of any such act, matter, or thing, the Court in which such action, suit, or proceeding shall be commenced, or shall be pending, shall upon summary application stay such action, suit, or proceeding, and make such order relative to the costs thereof as such Court may think expedient.

24. All principal sums of money payable to any proprietors Transfer of

of East India Stock, the dividend whereon is redeemed in Re '

pursuance of this Act, which shall not be claimed for ten years Money to after the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred Secretary of and seventy-four, or for such period after the Thirtieth day of

April One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, as with the period immediately preceding the said Thirtieth day of April, during which the Dividends on such Stock shall not have been claimed, shall make up ten years, shall be transferred to the Account of the Secretary of State in Council at the Bank of England.

25. Immediately after every such transfer as last aforesaid List of names the name or names in which the Stock stood on the Thirtieth g^stood^n day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, the respect whereof residence and description of the parties, the amount trans- Redemption ferred, and the date of transfer, shall be entered on a list to be

kept for the purpose by the Secretary of State in Council, which list shall be open for inspection at such place and at such times as the Secretary of State in Council shall appoint.

26. On the Thirtieth day of May One thousand eight Dividends Unhundred and seventy-four, the East India Company shall pay cl^"et^ teu to the Account of the Secretary of State in Council at the Bank deferred to of England, all dividends that have become payable on any Secretory of portions or shares of East India Stock on or since the Sixth

day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, which shall not have been claimed for ten years before the said Thirtieth day of May One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, together with all dividends accrued due within the said period of ten years in respect of the same portions or shares of stock and then remaining unclaimed.

27. All other dividends on any portions or shares of East Other Uu-India Stock remaining unclaimed on the said Thirtieth day ^ef0^V1' of May One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, shall be transferred0 to paid by the East India Company to an Account to be opened East India

at the Bank of England and to be intituled " East India Stock ^oUntlvldCnd Dividend Account and such Dividends, when claimed within the period of ten years from the date of the same having accrued due, shall be paid by the Bank of England out of such Dividends on Account. Any dividend on that Account, if and when un- Account claimed for the period of ten years from the date of such ^nCy^o°bc dividend having accrued due, and all dividends subsequently transferred to accrued due in respect of the same portion or share of Stock Secretary of

Ch. 17. East India Stock Dividend Redemption. 36 Vict.

State in Council.

and unclaimed, shall be transferred to the Account of the Secretary of State in Council at the Bank of England.

28. All principal sums of money and Dividends transferred or paid to the Account of the Secretary of State in Council in pursuance of the directions herein-before contained, shall be held by the Secretary of State in Council and applied as part State in Conn- of the revenues of India, subject to the claims of the parties plied aTpart of entitled thereto.

India. 29. The Secretary of State in Council shall pay any prin-

Repayment to cipal sums of money and Dividends so transferred or paid to person showing the Account of the Secretary of State in Council to any person tltJe* showing his right thereto to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State in Council.

But in case the Secretary of State in Council is not satisfied of the right of any person claiming to be entitled to any such principal moneys or Dividends, the claimant may apply by petition in respect thereof in a summary way to the Court of Chancery.

The petition shall be served upon the Solicitor to the India Office, and the Court shall make such order thereon (for payment of the principal moneys and Dividends to which the petition relates, or otherwise), and in respect of the costs of the application, as to the Court seems just.

Three months 30. Principal sums exceeding the sum of Twenty pounds pa^emf0rC s*ia^ no^ k V&id, nor shall Dividends exceeding Twenty pounds in the whole be paid to a claimant under the preceding section of this Act until three months after application made for the same, nor until public notice has been given thereof as hereinafter provided.

Redemption Money and Dividends transferred to Secretary of

Advertise- 31. The Secretary of State in Council shall require the pa^ent.fore applicant to give such public notice as the Secretary of State in Council shall think fit by advertisements in one or more newspapers circulating in London and elsewhere.

Every such notice shall state the name or names, residence, and description of the person or persons in whose name or names the Stock stood on the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, the amount of the Stock, the name of the claimant, and the time at which payment of the principal money due in respect thereof, and of the Dividends, if any, will be made, if no other claimant sooner appears and makes out his claim.

Where any such payment is ordered by the Court of Chancery the notice shall also state the purport of the order.

Application 32. At any time before payment to a claimant any person rwdndoiSer. ma^ aPP^y Court of Chancery by Motion or Petition to

rescind or vary any Order made for such payment

159

1873. East India Stock Dividend Redemption. Ch. 17, 18.

88. Where any principal moneys nr Dividends having been Secretary of paid as aforesaid to a claimant by the Secretary of State in ci^ot^pon' Council are afterwards claimed by another person, the Secretary Bible to second of State in Council shall not be responsible for the same to Claimant, such other claimant, but such other claimant may have recourse against the person to whom payment was made.

34. Provided that if in any case a new claimant establishes Order in favour his title to any principal moneys or Dividends paid to a former claimant, and is unable to obtain payment thereof from the showing title, former claimant, the Court of Chancery shall, on application by

petition by the new claimant, verified as the Court requires, order the Secretary of State in Council to pay to the new claimant such sum of money, or make such other order on the application, as the Court thinks just.

35. Upon or as soon as conveniently may be after the Delivery of

Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and

seventy-four, all such books and documents as concern the lating^oVasT ownership of Shares in East India Stock, and the payments India Stock to to the proprietors of East India Stock of their respective of

shares of the Dividend thereon, shall be delivered into the care Council, and custody of the Secretary of State in Council, as the Secretary of State in Council may direct.

36. On the First day of June One thousand eight hundred Dissolution of and seventy-four, and on payment by the East India Company a8t

of all unclaimed dividends on East India Stock to such pany# accounts as are herein-before mentioned in pursuance of the directions herein-before contained, the powers of the East India Company shall cease, and the said Company shall be dissolved.

37. This Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full indemnity to and complete indemnity and discharge to the East India ^st India Company, and the Directors thereof, and the Commissioners Co^SSsMoners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the Governor and for Reduction Company of the Bank of England, their officers and servants,

and every of them, for all things done or permitted to be done Bank of Eng-pursuant thereto, and the same shall not be questioned or land, impeached in any Court of Law or Equity whatever to their prejudice or detriment.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to alter other Duties.

[15th May 1873.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, [the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary

0 2

160

Ch. 18.

Customs and Inland Revenue.

36 Vict.

supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as "The Customs and Inland

Revenue Act, 1873."

Part I. — Customs.

Grant of duties 2. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the use of

aUoTOoo^of11^er her heirs and successors, the duties of customs

draVbacks°m specified in Schedule (A.) to this Act, and there shall be allowed Schedule (A.) the several drawbacks specified in the said schedule; and all the provisions contained in any Act relating to customs duties and drawbacks, and in force at the time of the passing of this Act, shall, so far as the same are applicable, have full force and effect with respect to the said duties and drawbacks of customs granted and allowed by this Act.

Grant of duties of excise in Schedule (B.)

Exemption of hotel keepers, &c. from duty on servants under 82 & 33 Vict c. 14.

Exemption from stamp duty of admission to Thames Watermen's Company.

Grant of duties of income tax

Part II. — Excise.

3. There shall be charged, collected, and paid, for the use of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, the duties of excise specified in Schedule (B.) to this Act; and all the provisions contained in any Act relating to excise duties, and in force at the time of the passing of this Act, shall, so far as the same are applicable, have full force and effect with respect to the said duties of excise granted by this Act.

4. On and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four it shall not be necessary for a license to be taken out under the Act of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter fourteen, by any hotel keeper, retailer of intoxicating liquor, or refreshment house keeper, for any servant wholly employed by him for the purposes of his business.

Part IIL — Stamps.

5. From and after the passing of this Act the admission of any person to the freedom of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames shall be exempt from stamp duty.

Part IV. — Income Tax.

6. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the use of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, the duties of income

CvMoma and InUmd Revenue.

Ch. 18.

161

tax specified in Schedule (C.) to this Act; and all such provisions contained in any Act relating to the duties of income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and are not repealed by this Act, shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax granted by this Act, so far as the same shall be consistent with the provisions of this Act; and for the purposes of this Act the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, mentioned in the forty-third section of the Act of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter twenty-two, shall be read as and deemed to mean the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

7. The provisions contained in the tenth and eleventh sections of the Act of the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter twenty, are hereby repealed.

8. In order to insure the collection in due time of any duties of income tax which may be granted for the year commencing the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, all such provisions contained in any Act relating to the duties of income tax as are in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax, which may be so granted in the same manner as if the said duties had been actually granted, and the said provisions had been applied thereto by an Act of Parliament passed on that day: Provided that nothing in this section shall be deemed to render necessary or authorise the appointment of assessors for such of the said duties as may be payable under Schedules (A.) and (B.) of the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, or to continue the rates of income tax granted by this Act.

9. Every notice of assessment of any duties of income tax shall be in such form as may be prescribed or approved by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Containing the Duties of Customs and Drawbacks

GRANTED AND ALLOWED BY THIS ACT.

On and after the under-mentioned dates, in lieu of the duties of customs now charged on the articles under-mentioned, the following

0 3

specified in Schedule (C.)

Repeal of sects. 10 and 11 of 35 & 36 Vict c. 20.

Provisions of Income Tax Acts to apply to duties to be granted for succeeding year.

As to notice of assessment of income tax.

Ch. 18.

Customs and Inland Revenue.

36 Vict.

£ «. d.

0 2 10

0 2 8

0 2 5

0 2 0

0 0 10

0 2 4

0 2 4

0 2 4

0 2 4

0 2 4

0 2 4

0 2 4

0 2 4

duties of customs shall be charged thereon on importation into Great Britain or Ireland, viz.: —

On and after the twenty-eighth day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three —

Sugar, viz .:

Candy, brown or white, refined sugar or £ s. d.

sugar rendered by any process equal in quality thereto, and manufactures of refined sugar - the cwt. 0 3 0

On and after the eighth day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three —

Sugar not equal to refined —

First class - the cwt.

Second class,

Third class - - ,

Fourth class (including cane juice) - ,

Molasses,

Almonds, paste of - ,

Cherries, dried - ,

Comfits, dry - - ,

Confectionery, not otherwise enumerated,

Ginger, preserved,

Marmalade,

Plums preserved in sugar,

Succades, including all fruits and vegetables preserved in sugar not otherwise enumerated,

And the said duties shall be paid on the weights ascertained at landing.

On and after the eighth day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, in lieu of the drawbacks now allowed thereon, the following drawbacks shall be paid and allowed bn the under-mentioned descriptions of sugar refined in Great Britain or Ireland on the exportation thereof to foreign parts, or on removal to the Isle of Man for consumption there, or on deposit in any approved warehouse in Great Britain or Ireland, upon such terms and subject to such regulations as the Commissioners of Customs may direct for delivery from such warehouse as ships stores only, or for the purpose of sweetening British spirits in bond; (that is to say,)

Upon refined sugar in loaf complete and whole or £ s. d. lumps duly refined, having been perfectly clarified and thoroughly dried in the stove, and being of a uniform whiteness throughout, and upon Such sugar pounded, crushed, or broken in a warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs, such sugar having been there first inspected by the officers of customs in lumps or loaves as if for immediate shipment, and then packed for exportation in the presence of such officers and at the expense of the exporter, and upon candy - - for every cwt. 0 3 0

Upon refined sugar unstoved, pounded, crushed, or broken, and not in any way inferior to the export standard sample No. 2, approved by the Lords of the Treasury, and which shall not contain more than five per centum of moisture over and above

Customs and Inland Revenue. Ch. 18.

what the same would contain if thoroughly dried £ s. d. in the stove - - for every cwt. 0 2 10

Upon sugar refined by the centrifugal or by any other process, and not in any way inferior to the export standard sample No. 1, approved by the Lords of the Treasury - - for every cwt. 0 3 0

Upon other refined sugar unstoved, being bastards or pieces ground, powdered, or crushed, —

---- not in any way inferior to the export

standard sample No. 3, approved by the Lords of

the Treasury - for every cwt. 0 2 10

---- not in any way inferior to the export

standard sample No. 4, approved by the Lords of the Treasury - for every cwt. 0 2 8

— — not in any way inferior to the export standard sample No. 5, approved by the Lords of the Treasury - for every cwt. 0 2 5

---- inferior to the above last-mentioned standard sample - for every cwt. 0 2 0

The duties of customs now charged on tea shall continue to be levied and charged on and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, on importation into Great Britain or Ireland; (that is to say,) £ s. <L

Tea ---- the lb. 0 0 6

SCHEDULE (B:)

Containing the Duties of Excise granted by this Act.

In lieu of the duties of excise now chargeable on sugars made in the United Kingdom, the following duties of excise shall be charged thereon; (that is to say,)

On and after the eighth day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three —

Candy, brown or white, refined sugar or sugar £ s. d. rendered by any process equal in quality thereto, and manufactures of refined sugar - the cwt. 0 3 0

Sugar not equal to refined —

First class -, 0 2 10

Second class -, 0 2 8

Third class -, 0 2 5

Fourth class - -, 0 2 0

Molasses -, 0 0 10

In lieu of the duty of excise now chargeable upon sugar used in brewing there shall be charged and paid, from and after the eighth day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, upon every hundredweight, and so in proportion for any fractional part of a hundredweight of all sugars which shall be used by any brewer of beer for sale in the brewing or making of beer, the excise duty of nine shillings and sixpence.

164

Ch. 18, 19. Customs Inland Revenue.

36 Vict.

Interpretation.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Containing the Duties on Income Tax granted by this Act *

For the year commencing the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, for and in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, the following duties shall be charged; (that is to say,) For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A), (C.), (D.), or (E.) of the said Act, the duty of threepence: And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act —

In England, the duty of one penny halfpenny; and In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of one penny farthing.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act for making better provision for the management in certain cases of Lands allotted under Local Acts of Inclosure for the benefit of the poor.

[15th May 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better management in certain cases of lands allotted under Local Acts of inclosure for the benefit of the poor, and for the better administration of the law respecting such allotments in places in which the number of allotment wardens, trustees, or other functionaries appointed for the holding or managing such lands is larger than is found convenient for the proper management of the same:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In this Act " Local Act of inclosure" shall mean any Act for the inclosure of land passed before the Act of the eighth and ninth year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eighteen, which Act with the subsequent Acts amending the same is intituled " The Acts for the inclosure, exchange, and improvement of land;" and "allotment trustees shall mean any allotment wardens, trustees, or other functionaries appointed for or lawfully acting in the holding or managing lands intended for or being allotments under any Local Act of inclosure for the benefit of the poor, or for field gardens or recreation grounds, or for any public purpose.

Pom' Allotments Management.

Ch. ID.

1G5

2. This Act may be cited as " The Poor Allotments Manage- Short title, ment Act, 1873."

3. A committee of not more than twelve nor less than six Appointment members of their own body (the number to be from time to

time fixed by the appointing body) shall be appointed annually for manage-

by the following authorities; that is to say, went of allot-

ments.

(1.) By the allotment trustees, or a majority of votes of the allotment trustees present and voting at a meeting summoned as in this Act provided, where the number of allotment trustees for the time being exceeds twenty; and

(2.) By the vestry of any parish empowered to make an order in respect of poor allotments in pursuance of the Act of the second year of King William the Fourth, chapter forty-two, intituled An Act to " authorise (in parishes enclosed under any Act of " Parliament) the letting of the poor allotments in " small portions to industrious cottagers/' where the number of persons for the time being entitled to attend such vestry exceeds twenty.

4. A committee appointed in pursuance of this Act shall, Committee to during the year of their continuance in office, be substituted ofa^onty^8 for and exercise, in respect of lands intended for or being such appointing it. allotments as in this Act mentioned, all the powers of the allotment trustees (including all powers incident to their

estate and ownership), or, as the case may be, of the vestry by which they were appointed.

5. The appointment of a committee in pursuance of this Act Appointment shall take place annually, and the person whose duty it is to summon meetings of any such allotment trustees or vestry as ally in August, aforesaid shall summon within twelve months after the passing

of this Act, for the purpose of appointing a committee as required by this Act, a first meeting of the allotment trustees or vestry of which he is the summoning officer, or meetings whereof he is authorised to summon, and to summon a meeting of the same body for the like purpose, to be held in the month of August in every year thereafter.

6. Any three trustees may summon a meeting of allotment How meetings trustees for the purposes of this Act by notice published in

the manner in which notices of meetings of vestry are usually summoned, published in the place where the allotments or any parts thereof are situate of which such persons are trustees.

7* A committee appointed in pursuance of this Act may elect Chairman of a chairman of its meetings, and if no chairman is elected, or committeC* if the chairman elected is not present at the time appointed for holding the same, the members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of such meeting. A committee

Ch. 19.

Poor Allotments Management.

36 Vict.

Adjournment of committee.

Quorum.

Vacancies in committees.

Inclosure Commissioners may appoint committee if authority fail to do so.

liepeal of provision of 2 W. 4. c. 42.

Operation of notice to quit

Kent may be required for year in advance.

may meet or adjourn as it thinks proper. The quorum of a committee shall consist of such number of members as may be prescribed by the authority that appointed it, or, if no number be prescribed, of three members. Every question at a meeting of a committee shall be determined by a majority of votes of the members present and voting on that question, and in case of an equal division of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

8. The proceedings of a committee shall not be invalidated by any vacancy or vacancies among its members. Any casual vacancy or vacancies occurring during the year of office in the members of a committee may be filled by the committee itself by the appointment of a person or persons qualified as a member or members of the appointing body to be appointed thereon.

9. If any authority required by this Act to appoint a committee fail to make such appointment within the time limited for making the same, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales may, on the application of any person interested, appoint a committee of persons qualified as members of the body authorised by this Act to appoint the committee to be so appointed; and before making such appointment the Inclosure Commissioners shall give such notice of their intention to proceed on the application, and shall, by an assistant commissioner or otherwise, institute such local inquiry and hear such parties, and shall require such security from the applicant or upon the income of any allotment for payment of any expenses incurred by them as, having regard to the circumstances of the application, they think fit, and shall have power to call for the production of any award rate book or public document which they may think it necessary or proper to inspect.

10. The provision in the herein-before mentioned Act of the second year of King William the Fourth, whereby no allotment is to be made of less than one quarter of an acre, is hereby repealed.

11. The notice to quit mentioned in the fifth section of the last-mentioned Act of the second year of King William the Fourth may be given by a committee, under the hands of any three of its members, for any cause deemed by it sufficient and proper, and shall operate and have effect in the same manner and to the same extent as a notice to quit given for any such cause as in that section mentioned.

12. Notwithstanding anything in the said Act of the second year of King William the Fourth contained, it shall be lawful for the authority executing the powers thereof, or of this Act, to require the rent for any land let under it to be paid for the whole year in advance.

Ch. 19.

167

Poor Allotments Management

13. In all cases in which lands shall be let under the provisions of the said Act of the second year of King William the Fourth, or of this Act, the allotment trustees or the overseers and churchwardens or other functionaries in whom the same may be vested shall for all purposes of rates and taxes be deemed the occupiers of such lands as shall from time to time be so let, and shall pay all rates, taxes, and tithe rentcharge (if any) in respect of the lands so let, and the amount from time to time so paid by them shall be retained by or repaid to them out of the rents received on account of the lands so let before any other application thereof.

14. So much of the said Act of the second year of His Majesty King William the Fourth as provides for the application of rents of lands let under the provisions thereof shall not apply to rents of lands acquired under any of the Public General Acts passed in the fifty-ninth year of King George the Third, 'chapter twelve, and the first and second years of King William the Fourth, chapters forty-two and fifty-nine, by guardians or churchwardens and overseers of the poor for the purposes of those Acts, or any of them, but the rents of such lands shall, after deducting all proper charges, be applied in aid of the poor rate of the parish in which such lands are situate.

15. Where any land has been acquired under the said last-recited Acts, or any of them, by guardians or churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish for the purposes of those Acts, and such purposes cannot in the judgment of the board of guardians of the parish, or, as the case may be, of the union comprising such parish, be carried into effect, the same lands shall be sold, exchanged, let, or otherwise disposed of in the manner prescribed by the third section of the Act of the fifth and sixth years of King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-nine.

16. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or affect any scheme made by the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales in exercise of the powers in that behalf conferred upon them by " The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853," or any Act amending the same, in respect of any allotment being a charity within the jurisdiction of those commissioners, or shall exclude or impair any jurisdiction or authority of those commissioners.

17. This Act shall extend only to England and Wales.

Provision for rates, tithes, and taxes on lands.

Application of rents of land obtained by churchwardens and overseers for the employment of the poor.

Lands acquired by churchwardens and overseers and unfit for the purposes to be dealt with under 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 69. S. 3.

Act not to affect jurisdiction of Charity Commissioners.

[Extent of Act.]

168

Ch. 20l Fulford Chapel Marriages Legalization. 36 Vict.

Marriages Holemmzed in the new chapel not to be invalid, &e.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act for legalizing Marriages solemnized in Fulford Chapel, in the Parish of Stone, Staffordshire.

[26th May 1873.]

WHEREAS in or about the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five the ancient consecrated chapel of Fulford, in the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford, in which banns of matrimony and marriages might have been lawfully published and solemnized respectively, was taken down in consequence of its dilapidated condition and being insufficient in size for the wants of the neighbourhood, and a new chapel was built on a different site within the chapel yard of the said ancient chapel:

And whereas such new chapel was not consecrated or licensed for the solemnization of marriages:

And whereas divers banns of matrimony and marriages have been published and solemnized respectively in such new chapel, and entries of the said marriages so solemnized have been from time to time made in the register books kept in the said chapel, and doubts have been entertained as to the validity of the said banns and marriages, and registers, by reason of the said new chapel not having been consecrated or licensed as aforesaid, and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. None of the banns of matrimony or marriages heretofore published or solemnized in the said new chapel shall be invalid by reason of the same having been published or solemnized in a chapel not duly consecrated or licensed for marriages; and the register of such marriages, and copies of or extracts from such register, shall have the same legal validity as they would have had if at the time when the entries were made in such register such new chapel had been duly consecrated and licensed for marriages; and the minister or ministers who solemnized the said marriages shall not be liable to any ecclesiastical censure, or to any proceedings or penalties whatever by reason thereof.

Ch. 21.

169

University Tests (Dublin).

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to abolish Tests in Trinity College and the University of Dublin.

[26th May 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the benefits of Trinity College and the University of Dublin, and of the schools in the said University as places of religion and learning, should be rendered freely accessible to the nation:

And whereas by means of divers restrictions, tests, and disabilities, many of Her Majesty's subjects are debarred from the full enjoyment of the same:

And whereas it is expedient that such restrictions, tests, and disabilities should be removed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual andjTemporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the University of Dublin Tests Act, 1873.

2. In the construction of this Act, — Interpretation The word " office" shall not, so long as the University of ^terma '

Dublin shall continue to teach and to grant degrees in the Faculty of Theology, apply to any Professor of or Lecturer in Divinity; but, save as aforesaid, the word shall include every professorship, assistant or deputy professorship, public readership, prelectorship, lectureship, assistant lectureship, provostship, fellowship, studentship, tutorship, scholarship, and exhibition, and also any office or emolument not in this section specified, the income of which is payable out of the revenues or income of the said university or college, or any of the schools therein, or which is held and enjoyed by any member of the same.

3. From and after the passing of this Act no person shall Abolition of be required upon exercising, or to enable him to exercise, any teRts-

of the rights and privileges which may heretofore have been or may hereafter be exercised by students or graduates in the said university, or upon taking or holding, or to enable him to take or hold, any office in the said university or college as aforesaid, or upon teaching, or to enable him to teach within the said university or college, to subscribe to any article or formulary of faith, or to make any declaration or take any oath respecting his religious belief or profession, or to conform to any form of public worship, or to do any act in connexion with any form of public worship, or to belong to any specified church, sect, or denomination; nor shall any person be compelled in the said university or college to attend the public worship of any church, sect, or denomination to which he does P

CH. 21, 22.

University Tests (Dublin).

36 Vrcrr.

Portion of Act as in Schedule repealed.

[Short title.]

Interpretation

clause.

Power to Colonial Legislatures to regulate duties.

not belong; and no person elected to a fellowship or any other office shall be deprived of his office by reason that he is not or does not become ordained in holy orders.

4. Upon the passing of this Act, the Act specified in the Schedule to this Act is hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of the said Schedule expressed.

SCHEDULE.

Date of Act. i Title of Act. Portion repealed.

33 Geo. 3. c. 21. of the Parliament of Ireland. i An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Popish or Roman Catholic subjects of Ireland. So much of section 7. as excepts from the operation of said section the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, near Dublin.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the law with respect to Customs Duties in the Australian Colonies.

[26th May 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law with respect to Customs Duties in the Australian colonies:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act maybe cited as the "Australian Colonies Duties Act, 1873."

2. In this Act the term "Australian Colonies" shall mean the colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, Western Australia, and Tasmania:

The term "country" shall mean any country or place except Australian colonies, and the colony of New Zealand.

3. The Legislature of any one of the Australian colonies shall, for the purpose of carrying into effect any agreement between any two or more of the said colonies, or between any one or more of the said colonies and New Zealand, have full power from time to time to make laws with respect to the remission or imposition of duties upon the importation into such colony of any article the produce or manufacture

171

1873. Australian Colonies (Customs Duties). Ch. 22, 23.

of or imported from any other of the said colonies, or the produce or manufacture of or imported from New Zealand.

Provided always, that for the purpose aforesaid no new duty shall be imposed upon, and no existing duty shall be remitted as to, the importation into any of the Australian colonies of any article, the produce or manufacture of any particular country, which shall not be equally imposed upon, or remitted as to, the importation into such colony of the like article the produce or manufacture of any other country: Provided further, that no duties shall be levied upon articles imported into any of the Australian colonies for the supply of Her Majesty's land or sea forces, nor shall any duty be levied or remitted contrary to or at variance with any Treaty or Treaties for the time being subsisting between Her Majesty and any foreign power.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to amend the law relating to the grant of Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities to certain persons who entered the permanent Civil Service of the State between the passing of the Superannuation Act, 1859, and the fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy.

[26th May 1873.]

WHEREAS by the Superannuation Act, 1859, it is enacted 22 Vict. c* 26-that for the purposes of that Act no person thereafter 8*17, to be appointed shall be deemed to have served in the permanent Civil Service of the State unless such person holds his appointment directly from the Crown, or has been admitted into the Civil Service with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners:

And whereas it appears that in several public departments of the State persons have been appointed since the passing of the said Act to established situations in the Civil Service not held directly from the Crown, but that through inadvertence on the part of the heads of such departments, and without any default on the part of the persons so appointed, no steps were taken before their appointment to procure for them certificates from the Civil Service Commissioners:

And whereas it is unjust that the persons so appointed »

should be deprived of the superannuation allowances or gratuities which they were led to expect at the time when they entered the Civil Service:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

172

Amendment of Superannuation Act, 1859.

Short title of Act.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 9.

34 & 35 Vict* c. 25.

Ch. 23, 24. Supemnnuation Act Amendment. 36 Vict.

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, with the concurrence of the Civil Service Commissioners, and on application being made to them for that purpose by the head or heads of any public department of the State, declare by order or warrant that any person who has been appointed to a permanent situation in such department without a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners after the passing of the said Superannuation Act, 1859, and before the fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy, was so appointed through inadvertence on the part of the head or heads of such department, and without any default on the part of the person so appointed, and every person with respect to whom such order or warrant may be issued shall be in the same position as regards his claim to a superannuation allowance or gratuity, under the said Superannuation Act, 1859, as he would have been in if he had been admitted into the Civil Service with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners.

Any order or warrant made in pursuance of this Act shall be laid before Parliament in manner provided by the thirteenth section of the said Superannuation Act, 1859.

The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause to be laid before Parliament, not later than the expiration of one month after the commencement of the session of Parliament in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, a return showing the names of all persons with respect to whom any order or warrant has been issued in pursuance of this section, together with the situations to which and the departments in which they have been appointed.

2. This Act may be cited for all purposes as The Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873."

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to continue The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, and The Protection of life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 1871.

[26th May 1873.]

WHEREAS The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, and The Protection of Life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 11871, are limited to expire on the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should continue in force for a further limited period:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

Peace Preservation (Ireland). Ch. 24, 25

173

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act,

1870, and Protection of Life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 1871, continued till 1st June 1875.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Acts Continuance Act, 1873"

2. The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, and the Act and Acts therein designated or referred to as The Peace Preservation Act as altered and amended by The Protection of Life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 1871, and The Protection of Life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 1871, shall continue in operation until the first day bf June one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five: Provided always, that clause eight of The Peace Preservation (Ireland)

Act, 1870, shall be and is hereby repealed: Provided also, that no notice given to any newspaper before the passing of this Act, in pursuance of clause thirty of The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, shall be sufficient to subject the publisher or proprietor of any such newspaper to any penalty or proceeding in relation to any matter or thing published after the passing of this Act: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any person who, being summarily convicted under the twenty-sixth section of The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment exceeding one month, to appeal against such conviction. Every such appeal shall be brought in the manner and shall be subject to the provisions prescribed by and contained in section twenty-four of The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, with respect to appeals in the cases therein mentioned.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act for legalizing Marriages solemnized in Gretton Chapel, in the Parish of Winchcomb, Gloucestershire.

[26th May 1873.]

WHEREAS in or about the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight the ancient consecrated chapel called Gretton Chapel, in the parish of Winchcomb in the county of Gloucester, was disused in consequence of its dilapidated condition, and a new chapel built on a* different site within the said parish, but such new chapel was not licensed for the solemnization of marriages:

And whereas banns of matrimony have been published and the rite of marriage has been solemnized in such new chapel, and doubts have been entertained as to the validity thereof, by reason of the said new chapel not having been licensed as

17% Ch. 25, 26. Oretton Chapel Marriages Legalization. 36 Vict.

aforesaid, and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and 'with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Validity of 1, None of the banns of matrimony or any marriage here-

mamages tofore published or solemnized in the said new chapel shall be

solemnized in i* j i j* 1 v j

Gretton invalid by reason of the same having been published or

ChapeL solemnized in a church or chapel not duly consecrated or

licensed for marriages; and the minister or ministers who solemnized the said marriages respectively shall not be liable x to any ecclesiastical censure or penalties whatsoever by reason

thereof

Issue of 12,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1874.

Power to Treasury to borrow from time to time.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to apply the sum of Twelve million Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

[16th June 1873.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, the sum of twelve million pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to time on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of twelve million pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not

1873.

175

C<M8oUdated JFwnd (^12>000,000). Ch. 26, 27.

exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland.

[16th June 1873.]

WT3EKEAS it is expedient to amend the laws relating to juries in Ireland:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any person who cannot read and write the English Exempted language, or who from lunacy, imbecility of mind, deafness, persons, blindness, or other permanent infirmity shall be unfit to serve as a juror, shall be absolutely freed and exempted from being returned and from serving on any jury, inquest, or inquiry whatsoever.

2. With respect to the property qualifications of jurors in Qualification of counties at large, from and after the passing of this Act, and ^un"

until the eleventh day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, the following provisions shall be in force and have effect; that is to say,

(1.) The property qualification of jurors for each county at large mentioned in the first schedule to this Act shall be the net annual value fixed for such county in the said first schedule, instead of the net annual value originally fixed for such county in the fourth schedule to the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871:

(2.) The property qualification of special jurors for each county at large, mentioned in the second schedule to this Act, shall be the net annual value fixed for such county in said second schedule, instead of the net annual value originally fixed for such county in the fifth schedule to the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871.

8. For the purpose of amending the general and special For the purpose jurors books in use at the time of the passing of this Act, the ?f correcting following provisions shall be in force and have effect:

CHAPTER 27.

Ch. 27.

36 Vict.

summer sessions, clerks of unions to make return of persons not qualified or exempted, or disqualified.

&c.

Juries (Ireland).

The clerk of every poor law union by whom any general list of jurors for a county at large or any part of a county at large shall have been prepared, shall, within six days after the passing of this Act, examine, in conjunction with the collector or collectors of poor rate, by whose assistance such list shall have been prepared (who are hereby required to attend him for that purpose when requested by him so to do), every such general list of jurors which shall have been prepared by such clerk for delivery to the clerk of the peace, with a view to ascertain whether any, and if so, what persons returned on each such general list of jurors belong to any of the following classes; that is to say,

(1.) Persons who cannot read and write the English language:

(2.) Persons whether qualified or not as to property under the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871, who are not qualified under this Act to serve as a common juror:

(3.) Persons under the age of twenty-one years or above the age of sixty years:

(4.) Persons not resident in the county for which such general list of jurors was prepared:

(5.) Persons exempted from serving on juries under this Act or under the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871:

(6.) Persons disqualified under section seven of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871:

(7.) Persons named in each general list of jurors prepared by such clerk of union who possess the proper qualifications of a special juror under this Act:

And every such clerk of poor law union, and collector or collectors, shall make due and diligent inquiry for the purpose of ascertaining the aforesaid particulars, and such clerk shall, within the time aforesaid, make out a return, No. 1 in the form in the third schedule to this Act annexed, of the persons contained in each such general list of jurors, who belong to any of the first six classes above mentioned, and shall also make out a return, No. 2 in the form in the said third schedule, of the persons contained in each such general list of jurors who belong to the seventh class above mentioned, and are not contained in any return No. 1, and shall within the time aforesaid forward the said returns in a registered letter to the clerk of the peace of the county for which such general list of jurors was prepared, with the declarations at the foot or end of each of the said returns, in the said forms set forth, signed and declared respectively by the said clerk, and such collector or collectors respectively; and such clerk shall immediately inform the sessional Crown solicitor of such county, of such returns having been transmitted to the clerk of the peace, and the chairman of such county shall, upon the application of the sessional Crown solicitor, or any person acting on behalf of Her Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland, on the first

1873. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 27.

day of his holding the summer quarter sessions of the peace or civil bill court for any division of such county in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, or such other day of the sitting of his court upon which such application shall be made, proceed to correct and amend the general jurors book and special jurors book of such county, and upon production of the returns No. 1 transmitted by the clerk of union as aforesaid, which are hereby declared ip be prima facie evidence that the names of the several persons therein contained ought not to appear in the general jurors book or special jurors book, as the case may be, such chairman shall then and there order such general jurors book or special jurors book to be forthwith corrected or amended by expunging therefrom the name of each person contained in any such return No. 1 as aforesaid, unless he is satisfied upon sworn testimony or any other evidence satisfactory to him that such person is duly qualified as to property to serve as a juror, and not exempted or disqualified; and the said chairman upon production of the returns No. 2 transmitted by the clerk of the union as aforesaid, which are hereby declared to be primst facie evidence that any person whose name is not contained in any of the said returns No. 2 is not qualified to serve as a special juror, unless such person is the son of a peer, a baronet, knight, or magistrate, or the eldest son of a baronet, knight, or magistrate, shall then and there order such special jurors book to be forthwith corrected or amended by expunging therefrom the name of every person contained in said special jurors book, which does not appear on some one of the returns No. 2, unless such person is the son of a peer, a baronet, knight, or the eldest son of a baronet, knight, or magistrate, or unless he is satisfied upon sworn testimony or any other evidence satisfactory to him, that such person is qualified as to property to serve as a special juror, and is not exempted or disqualified, and whenever the name of any person who is qualified as a common juror under this Act is expunged from the special jurors book as herein-before directed, the general jurors book shall then be amended by striking out the word " special " opposite to the name of every such person, and if any panel of jurors shall have been taken from any general jurors book or special jurors book before the chairman shall have caused the said names to be expunged therefrom, it shall be lawful for the judge of the court for which such panel shall have been returned, and he is hereby required upon being informed in writing or orally by the clerk of the Crown, clerk of the peace, sessional Crown solicitor, or any person acting on behalf of Her Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland, that the name of any person contained in such panel has been expunged from the general jurors book or special jurors book, to cause the name of such person to be expunged from such panel, and thereupon notice shall be given by the sheriff to such person that he is

Juries (Ireland).

36 Vict.

Powers to correct jurors books may be exercised by any judge, &c.

Form of precept.

Power to judge to excuse jurors from serving.

Names of persons summoned as grand jurors at quarter sessions not to be initialled or omitted in taking subsequent panel.

discharged from further attendance as a juror upon such court. In case the business of the summer quarter sessions of the peace holden in any county or riding of a county in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three shall be completed before the correction or amendment of the jurors book, in pursuance of the provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the chairman (and he is hereby required) to adjourn the said sessions to some future day.

4. All the powers under section fifteen of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871, of ordering a general jurors book or special jurors book to be corrected or amended, may be exercised by any judge at any time during the sitting of his court, upon sworn testimony or any other evidence or information satisfactory to such judge, and shall extend to and include the expunging from any general jurors book or special jurors book, as the case may be, of the name of any person contained therein who may be exempted from serving on juries under this Act, though not so exempted under the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871, and shall, until the eleventh day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, extend to and include the expunging from any jurors book of the name of any person contained therein, who, although qualified as to property under the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871, is not qualified under this Act to serve as a common or special juror, as the case may be.

5. The precepts of the several clerks of the peace for the return of lists of jurors to be issued in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, under the Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to 1873, shall be according to the forms in the third schedule to this Act annexed, and every person to whom any such precept shall be issued shall and is hereby directed to perform and comply with all the requisitions contained in such precept.

6. Whereas doubts have been entertained as to the power of judges to excuse jurors from serving, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: It is hereby declared and enacted, that it shall be lawful for the judge, if he shall so think fit, of any court before which any person may be summoned as a juror to discharge such person from further attendance on such court, or to excuse such person from attendance for any period during the sittings of such court.

7. Whenever the sheriff or other officer shall select persons to be returned to serve as grand jurors at any general sessions of the peace or at the sittings of the court of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery to be holden at Green Street, Dublin, he shall not initial in any jurors book the names of the persons so selected to serve as grand jurors as aforesaid, and in preparing any subsequent panel of jurors,

Juries (Ireland).

Ch. 27.

179

such sheriff or officer shall not omit to take the name of any person whom he may have previously thereto selected and summoned to serve as such grand juror as aforesaid on account of his having already summoned such person to serve as such grand juror.

8. Any panel of a special juiy which may be returned for Panels of

any county at large before the jurors books for such county t^onsisTof shall have been amended or corrected, under the provision of sixty until J section three of this Act, shall consist of sixty names instead books cor* of forty-eight names. rected.

9. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Juries Short title of (Ireland) Act, 1873," and the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871, and Act;

the Act of the session of Parliament held in the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-five, may be cited for all purposes as "The Juries (Ireland) Acts, 1871 to 1872," and the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, and the same construction of

may be cited for all purposes as "The Juries (Ireland) Acts, Act-

1871 to 1873."

' 10. This Act shall continue in force and operation until Duration of the eleventh day of January one thousand eight hundred and Act* seventy-five.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

The net annual value of the property qualification of jurors shall be as follows: —

Class I.

In the counties of — Antrim.

Cork.

Down.

Dublin.

Kildare.

Kilkenny.

Limerick.

Meath.

Tipperary.

Westmeath.

Wexford.

A net annual value of 30/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties, or a net annual value of 12/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments appearing on the rate book of any union to be situate in any city, town, or village within any of the said counties.

Class II.

In the counties of — Armagh. Carlow.

Cavan.

Clare.

Donegal.

Fermanagh.

Galway.

Kerry.

King's County. Londonderry.

Longford.

Louth.

Mayo. Monaghan. Queen's County. Roscommon. Sligo.

Tyrone.

Waterford.

Wicklow.

A net annual value of 30/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties, or a net annual value of 20/. in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments appearing on the rate book of any union to be situate in any city, town, or village within any of the said counties.

ISO

Ch. 27.

Juries (Ireland).

36 Vict.

In the county of — Leitrim.

Class III.

A net annual value of 30/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the said county, or a net annual value of 15/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments appearing on the rate book of any union to be situate in any city, town, or village within said county.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

The net annual value of the property qualification of special jurors shall be as follows: —

In the counties of — Antrim.

Class I.

A net annual value of 150/. or up-Dublin. wards in respect of lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments within any of the said counties, or a net annual value of 50/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments appearing on the rate book of any union to be situate in any city, town, or village within any of the said counties.

CLASS II.

In the counties of — Cork.

Down.

Kildare.

Limerick.

Meath.

Tipperary.

A net annual value of 150/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties, or a net annual value of 100/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments appearing on the rate book of any union to be situate in any city, town, or village within any of the said counties.

Class III.

In the county of — Westmeath.

In the counties of — Armagh. Carlow.

Clare.

Galway. Kilkenxw. King's County.

A net annual value of 100/. or upwards in respect of lands, tene-| ments, or hereditaments in the i said county.

Class IV.

Londonderry.

Queen's County.

Roscommon.

WaterfoTd.

Wexford.

Wicklow.

A net annual value of 100/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties, or a net annual value of 50/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments appearing on the rate book of any union to be situate in any city, town, or village within any of the said counties.

1873. Juries (Ireland). Ch. 27.

Class V.

In the counties of — Cavan. Donegal. Fermanagh. Kerry. Longford.

Louth.

Mayo.

Monaghan.

Sligo.

Tyrone.

A net annual value of 70/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within any of the said counties, or a net annual value of 50/. and upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments appearing on the rate book of any union to be situate in any city, town, or village within any of the said counties.

Class VI.

In the county of — Leitrim.

A net annual value of 50/. and upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the said county, or a net annual value of 40/. or upwards in respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments appearing on the rate book of any union to be situate in any city, town, or village within the said county.

181

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Form.

Precept for the Return of Lists of Jurors.

(l) [County of the city County of (*)

town of0 — — — f or To the Clerk of the Poor Law Union of

borough Of —, as the in gaifl county of (2)

case may be.J -- . / v y., , n

(*) [County of the city You are hereby required, on or before the first

tomTof*1 — *o? day of August in this present year, to prepare a borough of —, as the complete and true list in writing, according to the «wid/; coun- form sent herewith, for each (barony, (3) division of ties of cities, counties a barony, or other district) of the said county (4)

of torons, or boroughs. f ' . _ ' «, J >

(*) [County of the city within the said union, of the names of all men rated town of01 — lor for the relief of the poor within said union, who borough of —, ds the are qualified as to property to serve as jurors for the m^untyof the City "id county of (), that is to say, a com-

for P*ete true list for each (barony, (6) division of borough of —, as the a barony, or other district) of the said county, (7) in c0U1lm containing the name of every man who resides within ties of cities, counties the said county (7) (*or who has, or uses for the $*c^ty' of Toty, purposes of any trade or business, any counting-county of a town, or house, office, shop, store, or place of business rwayX.* within the said county of the city of (8), although

or borons, °L%ucase mc^ man maV reside therein, provided that he may be. reside within twelve statute miles therefrom), who

is either in his own name or as a member of a firm

This applies only to the case of a county of a city, comity of a town, or borough.

182

Ch. 27.

Juries (Ireland).

36 Vict.

or co-partnership, rated in the last rate made in said union for the relief of the poor in respect of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate in such t2s"^a^eutes*0*!? (barony, (9) division of a barony, or other district) countie* of towns, or of the said county (10) within the said union of the

net annual value of # pounds or upwards,

(10) County of a city, , ., r -jt A

county of a town, or and you are required to prepare the said hst in

borough. alphabetical order of surnames, as the same would

be arranged in a dictionary, and where persons have the same surnames in the alphabetical order of their Christian names, and consecutively numbered, and write the Christian name and surname of every man at full length, with his true or last known place of abode {stating the counting-house, office, shop, or place of business of any person who is deemed under section Jive of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871, to be resident in respect thereof as the place of abode of such person, vide section four of Juries Act Amendment, Ireland, Act, 1872), and the place of his rated property, his title, quality, calling, or business, and the annual value of his rated property, in the proper columns of the forms sent herewith, and if you have not a sufficient number of forms you must apply to me for more; and in preparing the said list you are, in case any person returned in the said list shall be under the age of 21 years or over the age of 60 years, or otherwise disqualified or exempted from serving on juries, to state the fact of such person being under the age of 21 years, or over the age of 60 years, or the grounds of such disqualification or exemption opposite his name in the proper columns of the said form; and a specification of persons disqualified or exempted is annexed herewith; and you are required, on or before the first day of August in the present year, to deliver the said list, with the declarations at the foot or end of the said list in the said form set forth, signed respectively by you and the poor rate collector or collectors by whose assistance you may have prepared the said list, to the (n) [County of the clerk of the peace of the said county (u) and you town, nre hereby required, within twenty-one days after the ease map be.] the delivery of the said list to the said clerk of

the peace, to cause a sufficient number of copies of the said list to be printed, published, and posted (") In counties of within the barony (u) for which the said list shall unlms, ^borouffhf, have been prepared, and you are further required "Wanl." ' to attend the chairman or revising barrister of the

(U) [Countyaf the city, said county, (l3) and produce the rate books of the county of the town, or union at any of the courts to be held for the

Insert here, in the case of a county at large the amount of net annual value fixed for such county at large as the proper qualification of jurors in the First Schedule to this Act, and in the case of a county of a city or county of a town or borough not being a county of a city or county of a town, the net annual value fixed for such county of a city or town, or borough in the Fourth Schedule of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871.

Juries (Ireland).

Ch. 27.

183

boro ft!1! M the ca* rev^on of list, of the time and place of

may e' holding which you shall be previously informed,

and there to answer on oath such questions as shall be put to you by such chairman or revising barrister then present touching the said list, and those several matters you are in nowise to omit upon the peril that may ensue.

Given under my hand at,

in the said county of (u) ,

(M) [County of the city, county of the town, or borough, as the case may fc.j

this the year

day of

m

Clerk of the Peace for the said county of(")

Form of List.

(*) [County of the city

of ----, or county of

the town of ----, or

borough of---, as the

case maybe.]

(*) [Barony, division of a barony, or other district, and in counties of cities or counties of towns, or borottghs," Ward."]

County of (*)

and Poor Law Union of

" General List of Jurors " for the (2) in the said county, prepared this day of 18, by the clerk

of the said union.

ill

III

o:5ft

gsi

MS

s&s

IIS ° So.

M

o

1

fl

i.

M o J

p

ll

M'S

Annual Value of Rated Property.

Column A.

In respect of

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, appearing on the Rate Books of said Union to be situate in any city, town, or village within said county.

Columns.

In respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not appearing on the Rate Books of said Union to be situate in any city, town, or village within said county.

Total

of

Columns A. and B.

tl

We, the undersigned collectors of poor rate, hereby declare that, so far as relates to each of our respective districts of collection, we have made due and diligent inquiry for the purpose of assisting the clerk of union in having the above list properly prepared, and we further declare that wherever any person named in said list is under

1S4

Ch. 27.

Juries (Ireland).

36 Vict.

21 or over 60 years of age, or exempted or disqualified from serving as a juror, the fact of his being under or over age, or the grounds of such exemption or disqualification are truly stated in the proper column of said list, and that the true or last known place of abode, tide, quality, calling, or business of each of the persons named in the above list are fully and truly stated therein, and that there is not omitted from the above list the name of any person whose name ought to be contained therein.

Dated this day of in the year

__________ Collector of Poor Rate.

I, the undersigned clerk of union, do hereby declare that I have made due inquiry, with the assistance of the poor rate collectors, for the purpose of preparing the above " General List of Jurors," and that same has been fully and truly prepared by me from the rate books of the union, and that the several particulars stated in the above list regarding each person named therein are correctly stated to the best of my knowledge and information, and that there is not omitted from the above list the name of any person whose name ought to be contained therein.

Dated this day of in the year

__________Clerk of the Union.

FORM.

Pbecept for the Return of Lists of Jurors.

County of the City of Dublin.

To the Collector-General of Rates for the City of Dublin.

You are hereby required on or before the first day of August in this present year to prepare a complete and true list in writing, according to the form sent herewith, for each ward in the said county of the city of Dublin, of the names of all men rated for the relief of the poor within the said county of the city of Dublin who are qualified to serve as jurors for the said county of the city of Dublin, that is to say, a complete and true list for each ward in the said county of the city of Dublin, containing the name of every man between the ages of twenty-one and sixty years who resides within the said county of the city of Dublin, or who has or occupies any counting-house, office, shop, or place of business within the said county of the city of Dublin, although such man may not reside therein, provided that he resides within twelve statute miles therefrom, who is either in his own name or as a member of a firm or co-partnership rated in the last rate made for the relief of the poor in the said county of the city of Dublin in respect of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate in such ward of the county of the city of Dublin of the net annual value of I. or upwards; and you are required to prepare

Insert here the net annual value fixed for the county of the city of Dublin in the Fourth Schedule of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871.

Juries (Ireland).

Ch, 27.

185

the said list in alphabetical order of surnames, as the same would be arranged in a dictionary, and where persons have the same surname in the alphabetical order of their Christian names, and consecutively numbered, and write the Christian name and surname of every man at full length, with his true or last known place of abode, stating the counting-house, office, shop, or place of business of any person who is deemed under section five of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871, to be resident in respect thereof as the place of abode of such person (vide section of the Juries Act Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1872), and the place of his rated property, his title, quality, calling, or business, and the annual value of his rated property, in the proper columns of the forms sent herewith, and if you have not a sufficient number of forms you must apply to me for more; and in ascertaining the said net annual xalue you shall not reckon or take into account the annual value of any house or tenement let to weekly or monthly tenants or in separate apartments, the owner whereof is under the statute 12 & 13 Victoria, chapter 91, section 63, rated instead of the occupier thereof; and in preparing the said list you are, in case any person returned on said list shall be under the age of twenty-one years or over the age of sixty years or exempted or disqualified from serving on juries, you are to state the fact of such person being under or over age, or the grounds of such disqualification or exemption opposite his name in the proper column of the said form, and a specification of persons disqualified and exempted is annexed herewith; and you are required on or before the first day of August in the present year to deliver the said list, with the declarations at the foot or end thereof, signed respectively by you and the collector or collectors by whose assistance you may have prepared the said list, to the clerk of the peace of the said county of the city of Dublin; and you are hereby required, within twenty-one days after the delivery of the said list to the said clerk of the peace, to cause a sufficient number of copies of the said list to be printed, published, and posted within the ward for which the said list shall have been prepared; and you are further required to attend the revising barristers of the city of Dublin, and produce the said rate books at any of the courts to be held for the revision of the said several lists prepared by you, of the time and place of holding which you shall be previously informed, and there to answer on oath such questions as shall be put to you by the revising barrister then present touching any of the said lists; and those several matters you are in nowise to omit upon the peril that may ensue.

Given under my hand at in the said county of

the city of Dublin, this day of in the

year

Clerk of the Peace for the said county of the city of Dublin.

186 Ch. 27. i Juries (Ireland). 36 Vict.

Form of List.

County of the City of Dublin.

" General List of Jurors " for the ward in the said county of the city of Dublin, prepared this day of 18 by the Collector-General

of Rates for the city of Dublin.

If under 21 Team or over SO Years of Age, state the Fact, or if exempted or disqualified, the Grounds of such Bx-emption or Disqualification. Consecutive Numbers. Surnames in Alphabetical Order. Christian Names. Places of Abode. Title, Quality, Calling, or Business. Annual Value of Hated Property. Place of Property.

We, the undersigned collectors, hereby declare that, so far as relates to each of our respective districts of collection, we have made due and diligent inquiry for the purpose of assisting the Collector-General of Rates for the city of Dublin in having the above list properly prepared, and we further declare that wherever any person named in said list is under 21 or over 60 years of age, or exempted or disqualified from serving as a juror, the fact of his being under or over age, or the grounds of such exemption or disqualification are truly stated in the proper column of said list, and that the true or last known place of abode, title, quality, calling, or business of each of the persons named in the above list are fully and truly stated, and that there is not omitted from the above list the name of any person whose name ought to be contained therein.

Dated this day of in the year

__________^ Collectors.

I, the undersigned Collector-General of Rates, do hereby declare that I have made due inquiry, with the assistance of my collectors, for the purpose of preparing the above " General List of Jurors," and that the same has been fully and truly prepared by me from the rate books, and that the several particulars stated in the above list regarding each person named therein are correctly stated to the best of my knowledge and information, and that there is not omitted from the above list the name of any person whose name ought to be contained therein.

Dated this day of in the year

Collector-General of Rates.

Juries (Ireland).

Ch. 27.

187

(x) Division of a barony, or other die-trict, as the case may be.

Form.

Return No. 1.

County of and Poor Law Union of

in the said county.

Return made by the Clerk of the said Poor Law Union of all persons named in the General List of Jurors prepared by said Clerk of Union for the barony (*) of in said county who belong

to any of the following classes; that is to say,

(1.) Persons who cannot read and write the English language:

(2.) Persons whether qualified or not as to property under the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871, who are not qualified under this Act to serve as a common juror:

(3.) Persons under the age of 21 years, or above the age of 60 years:

(4.) Persons not resident in the county for which such general jurors list was prepared:

(5.) Persons exempt from serving on juries under this Act or the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871:

(6.) Persons disqualified under section seven of the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871.

3 f Annual Value of Rated Property.

s rZS i Column A. Column B.

I J In respect of In respect of

£ *1 lands, lands,

uS PQ tenements, or tenements, or

o a. o hereditaments hereditaments Total

u> appearing not appearing of

c " 3 on the on the

2-2 Rate Books Rate Books

CD O £2 a o of said Union of said Union Columns

1 1 || >, | to be situate in any to be situate in anj- A. and B.

◄ % -a city, town, or village city, town, or village

S *-> o o §| 3 %-i

s *) o within said within said

.2 I 1 1* c? I county. county.

o 2 at

g

0

2

S

1

Observations.

State here, opposite each name, the reason why such name is inserted in this return, as, for example," unable to read and write," " under 21 " or *' over 60 years of age," " not resident," " not qualified as common or special juror under Junes Act, 1878," as the case may be, or "exempted " or "disqualified," specifying the grounds of such exemption or disqualification.

Surnames in alphabetical Order.

188

Ch. 27.

Juries (Ireland).

36 Vict.

We, the undersigned collectors of poor rates, as regards each of our respective districts of collection, and I, the undersigned clerk of union, do hereby respectively declare that we have examined the said " General List of Jurors" above mentioned, and have made due and diligent inquiry for the purpose of ascertaining whether any, and if so, what persons named in such general list of jurors belong to any of the classes above mentioned, and we do further declare that the persons named in the above return do belong to one or other of the said classes, and that the several particulars stated in the above return regarding each person named therein are correctly stated according to the best of our knowledge and information, and that there is not omitted from the above return the name of any person whose name ought to be contained therein.

Dated this day of in the year

Collectors of Poor Rate.

Clerk of Union.

Form Return No. 2.

County of and Poor Law Union of

in the said county.

Returns made by the Clerk of the said Poor Law Union of all persons named in the " General List of Jurors," prepared by said Clerk of Union for the (») Division of a barony, (x) of in said county, who

tri?t?asr °thT' ^.possess the property qualification required for a maybe. special juror under the Juries Act (Ireland), 1873.

i

e

S

i

6

' Hi

Jo

li

fig

i e

1

u o

it B

1 £ £ i

p i

a o

© §

s

Annual Value of Rated Property.

Column A.

In respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, appearing on the rate books of the Union to be situate in any city, town, or village in the said county.

Column B.

In respect of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not appearing on the rate books of the Union to be situate in any city, town, or village in the said county.

Total

of

Columns A.and B.

Jui'ies (Ireland),

Cu. 27, 28.

189

We, the undersigned collectors of poor rates, as regards each of our respective districts of collection, and I, the undersigned clerk of union, do hereby respectively declare that we have examined the said General List of Jurors above mentioned, and have made due and diligent inquiry for the purposes of the above Return No. 2, and we do further declare that the several particulars stated in the said Return No. 2 regarding each person named therein are correctly stated according to the best of our knowledge and information, and that there is not omitted from the said Return No. 2 the name of any person whose name ought to be contained therein.

Dated this day of in the year

Collectors of Poor Rates.

Clerk of Union.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called " Saint John the Evangelist " Chapel, Eton, in the Parish of Eton in the County of Buckingham.

[16th June 1873.]

WHEREAS the church or chapel known as Saint John the Evangelist, in the parish of Eton, in the county of Buckingham and diocese of Oxford, was, on the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, duly consecrated for the performance of Divine Service, but no authority has ever been given by the Bishop of the said diocese, or otherwise, for the publication of banns and solemnization of marriages therein:

And whereas divers marriages have nevertheless been solemnized in the said church or chapel, under an erroneous impression on the part of the ministers thereof, that by virtue of the consecration of the said church or chapel or otherwise, marriages might be lawfully solemnized therein; and entries of the said marriages so solemnized have from time to time been made in the register books kept either at the said church or chapel, or at the collegiate and parish church of Eton aforesaid:

And whereas it is expedient under the circumstances aforesaid to remove all doubts touching the validity of the marriages so solemnized in the said church or chapel:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Marriages heretofore solemnized in Chapel of St. John the Evangelist to he valid.

Minister officiating not liable to censure.

Registers of such marriages to be evidence.

Alteration of duties.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 43. repealed.

[Short title.]

Ch. 28, 29. Marriages Legalization, StI John's, Eton. 36 Vict.

1. All banns of matrimony and marriages published or solemnized before the passing of this Act in the church or chapel known as Saint John the Evangelist, in the parish of Eton aforesaid, shall be as valid as if the same had been published or solemnized in a church duly consecrated and licensed for marriages.

2. No minister who has solemnized any of the said marriages shall be liable to any ecclesiastical censures, or to any other proceedings or penalties whatsoever, by reason of his having so solemnized the same respectively.

3. The registers of the marriages so solemnized, or copies of such registers, shall be received in all courts of law and equity as evidence of such marriages respectively, in the same manner as registers of marriages in parish churches, or copies thereof, are by law receivable in evidence.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to alter the Duties of Customs upon Sugar in the Isle of Man.

[16th June 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In lieu and instead of the duties of customs now chargeable upon sugar imported or brought into the Isle of Man, there shall, on and after the following dates, be charged and paid the under-mentioned duties, viz .:

On and after the twenty-eighth day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, upon — s. d.

Refined sugar in lump, or candy, and sugar rendered by any process equal to refined foreign or British - - the cwt. 3 0

On and after the eighth day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, upon — 8. <L

Sugar of any other sort or description,

except molasses - - the cwt. 2 0

Molasses - -, 0 6

2. The C< Customs Refined Sugar Duties (Isle of Man) Act, 1870," is hereby repealed.

3. This Act may be cited as " The Customs Sugar Duties (Isle of Man) Act, 1873."

Registration (Ireland).

Ch. 30.

191

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Law of Registration in Ireland so far as relates to the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[16th June 1873.]

WHEREAS the several counties in Ireland have been divided into polling districts in pursuance of the provisions of section eighteen of the Ballot Act, 1872, as amended by the Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873, but the registers of voters to be made in pursuance of the said provisions will not be completed in some of the said counties before the first day of June next:

And whereas it is therefore expedient to postpone the commencement of the usual annual formation of the register of voters in such counties for the present year from the first day of June, as now by law prescribed, to the tenth day of July, and to make such other provisions as are in this Act contained:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Regis- Short title, tration of Voters (Ireland) Act, 1873."

2. In each county in which the register of persons entitled Alteration of to vote at any election of a member or members to serve in dates* Parliament for such county to be made in pursuance of the provisions of section eighteen of the Ballot Act, as amended by the Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873, is not completed and delivered to the sheriff before the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, the commencement of the usual annual formation of the register of persons entitled to vote at any election of a member or members to serve in Parliament for such county, and all subsequent proceedings in relation thereto, shall in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three be respectively postponed from the said first day of June, and the other days now by law prescribed, until the tenth day of July then next and such other days as are by this Act prescribed; and for the purpose of forming such register in every such county in the said year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three the enactments mentioned in the first column of the schedule to this Act shall be construed as if the dates mentioned in the third column of the said schedule were substituted for the dates in the second column of the said schedule opposite to which they are placed; and all acts, matters, and things required to be done or published on the days and at the times prescribed by the

Ch. SO.

Registration (Ireland).

36 Vict.

said enactments and specified in the said second column of the said schedule, shall be done and published on the days and at the times placed opposite thereto in the said third column of the said schedule, and all days and periods of time which in the said enactments are calculated as preceding or succeeding or are in any way dependent on any date mentioned in the second column of the said schedule, shall be calculated as preceding or succeeding and shall be dependent on the date placed opposite to such date in the third column of the same schedule.

Further altera- 3. Where the register of persons entitled to vote at any

certain cas^m ^ion of a member or members to serve in Parliament for any county, to be made in pursuance of section eighteen of the Ballot Act, 1872, as amended by the Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873, is not completed and delivered to the sheriff on or before the ninth day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, upon due representation of such fact by the clerk of the peace of such county, by order to be published in the Dublin Gazette, and to be posted at such places in such county as they shall direct, to further postpone the commencement of the usual annual formation of the register of persons entitled to vote at any election of a member or members to serve in Parliament for such county, and all subsequent proceedings in relation thereto in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, from the said tenth day of July and the other days by this Act prescribed to such other day and days as to them shall seem fit; and, if necessary, to order special sessions to be held ' by the chairman of such county for the revision of the lists of voters therein; and thereupon such commencement, other proceedings, and revision shall respectively be had in such county upon the day and days specified in such order in like manner in every respect as if the dates specified in such order had in relation to such county been prescribed by this Act.

Orders made 4. Every order purporting to be made under the Polling

valid.tak<?n 98 Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873, or under this Act, by the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, shall be conclusive evidence of every fact and circumstance necessary to authorise the making thereof, and shall be deemed and taken to all intents and purposes whatsoever, to have been made in pursuance of and in conformity with the provisions of the Act under which the same shall purport to be made, and the production of a printed copy of the Dublin Gazette purporting to be printed and published by the Queen's authority, and to contain the publication of any such order, shall for all purposes be conclusive evidence of such order.

Registration (Ireland).

Ch. 30.

198

5. No election of a member or members to serve in Parlia- Election not to ment for any county shall be questioned by reason of the lists be

of voters for such county or the register of persons entitled i/preparation to vote at any election of a member or members to serve in of register. Parliament for such county not having been formed, printed, published, revised, or completed in conformity with the provisions of section eighteen of the Ballot Act, 1872, as amended by the Polling Districts (Ireland) Act, 1873, or of this Act, nor by reason of any error or informality whatsoever relative to the forming, printing, publishing, revising, or completing such lists or register; and the signature of the chairman of such county, or his lawful deputy, to such lists shall be conclusive evidence that such lists have been in all respects duly revised at the time and in the manner prescribed by, and in pursuance of and in conformity with the said provisions.

6. In the construction of the Act of the session of the Amendment of thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present 136* ^lct* Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, and of all Acts altering or interpretation amending the same, so far as the same relate to the registration of word

of voters in counties, and in all precepts, notices, or forms issued " barony" in pursuance of the provisions of the said Act or Acts, the term "barony " shall be construed to meant(polling district."

SCHEDULE.

Alteration of Dates.

Column 1. Enactments.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. 8. 16 -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. a. 16 -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 19 -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 20 -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 21 -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 22 -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 23 -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 25 -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 26 -

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 27 -

Amended by 24 & 25 Vict. c. 60. s. 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69. s. 44 -36 Vict. c. 2. s. 3 -

Column 2. Present Date.

1st June

- 1st June

- 8th July

- 8th July

- 20th July 22nd July

- 22nd July 4th August

- 9th August 4th August 11th August

- 27th July 21st August

- 20th August

- 24th August

- 25th August

- 8th September -25th October -

Column 8. Substituted Date.

10th July.

10th July.

9th August.

9th August. 22nd August. 25th August. 25th August.

6th September. 11th September. 6th September. 13th September. 29th August. 23rd September. 22nd September. 26th September.

27th September. 4th October.

2nd November.

194

Ch. 31. Matrimonial Causes Acts Amendment. 36 Vict.

Extension of sect. 7. of 23 & 24 Vict. c. 144. and sect. 3. of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 32. to suits for nullity of marriage.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to extend to Suits for Nullity of Marriage the Law with respect to the Intervention of Her Majesty's Proctor and others in Suits in England for dissolving Marriages.

[16th June 1873.]

WHEREAS under section seven of the Act of the session of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and forty-four, intituled An Act to amend the procedure and powers " of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes/' and under section three of the Act of the session of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-two, intituled An Act further to amend the procedure and powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial " Causes," a decree for divorce is required in the first instance to be a decree nisi, and not to be made absolute until after the expiration of six months, unless the court otherwise direct, and provision is made for any person showing cause why the decree should not be made absolute by reason of the same having been obtained by collusion, or of material facts not having been brought before the court, and power is given to any person to give information to Her Majesty's proctor, who is thereupon authorised to take such steps as the Attorney General may deem necessary or expedient, and such proctor, if he suspects that any parties to the suit are acting in collusion for the purpose of obtaining a divorce contrary to the justice of the case, is authorised under the direction of the Attorney General and by leave of the court to intervene in the suit, and otherwise proceed as therein mentioned, and provision is made for the payment of his costs in so acting:

And whereas it is expedient to extend suen provisions to a suit for nullity of marriage:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The above-mentioned sections of the said Acts shall extend to decrees and suits for nullity of marriage in like manner as they apply to decrees and suits for divorce, and shall be construed as if they were herein enacted, with the substitution of the words "a decree for nullity of marriage " for the words " decree for a divorce " or " divorce " as the case may require.

2. This Act, together with the Acts specified in the schedule to this Act, may be cited as " The Matrimonial Causes Acts,

195

1857 to 1873," and each Act may be cited as the Matrimonial Causes Act of the year in which it was passed.

SCHEDULE.

Matrimonial Causes Acts.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 85, - An Act to amend the law relating to Divorce and

Matrimonial Causes in England.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 106. - An Act to amend the Act of the twentieth and

22 & 23 Vict. c. 61.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 144. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 32.

twenty-first Victoria, chapter eighty-five.

An Act to make further provision concerning the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

An Act to amend the procedure and powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

An Act further to amend the procedure and powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 77.

An Act to amend the Law relating to appeals from the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

[16th June 1873.]

WHEREAS the Security Fund of the India Company created by Act third and fourth William Fourth, chapter eighty-five, is insufficient to redeem or commute the capital stock of the East India Company, and it is expedient that the Secretary of State in Council of India should be enabled to raise money in the United Kingdom on the credit of the revenues of India, in order to redeem or commute such capital stock, and also, to a limited amount, for temporary purposes:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State in Council Power to the of India, at any time or times, to raise in the United Kingdom l^efr^oun-for the service of the Government of India, such sum or sums cil of India to

Ch. 32.

East India Loan.

36 Vict.

raise any soma not exceeding 8,000,000(.

Bonds may be issued under the hands of two members of the Council, countersigned by Secretary of State.

Debentures may be issued.

As to payment of principal and interest on debentures.

of money not exceeding in the whole six millions of pounds sterling, as may be requisite to effect such redemption or commutation, such sum or sums to be raised by the creation and issue of bonds or debentures, or capital stock bearing interest, or annuities, or partly by one of such modes and partly by another or others, and also to raise any further sum or sums of money not exceeding two millions of pounds sterling due at any one time, such last-mentioned sum or sums to be raised by the creation and issue of bonds and debentures, but not of capital stock bearing interest, or of annuities.

Provided always, that, at the end of each of the half-years ending on the thirty-first day of March and the thirtieth day of September in every year, the Secretary of State in Council shall prepare or cause to be prepared a return of all loans raised in England under the provisions of this Act or of any other Acts, chargeable on the revenues of India outstanding at the commencement of each half-year, with the rates of interest payable thereon, and the date of the termination of each loan, the debt incurred during the half-year, the moneys raised thereby during the half-year, the loans paid off or discharged during the half-year, and the loans outstanding at the close of the half-year, stating, so far as the public convenience will allow, the purpose or service for which moneys have been raised during the half-year; and that a similar return shall also be prepared of all loans raised in India; that such returns shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament within fifteen days after the expiration of the said half-yearly periods as regards the loans raised in England, and within three months as regards the loans raised in India, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not sitting, then within one week after Parliament shall be next assembled.

2. All bonds issued under the authority of this Act may be issued under the hands of two members of the Council of India, and countersigned by the Secretary of State for India, or one of his under secretaries, or his assistant under secretary, and shall be for such respective amounts, payable after such notice, and at such rate or rates of interest as the said Secretary of State in Council may think fit.

3. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act may be issued under the hands of two members of the Council, and countersigned as aforesaid, for such respective amounts and at such rate or rates of interest, as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit, and shall be issued at or for such prices and on such terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council.

4. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act shall be paid off at par at a time or times to be mentioned in such debentures respectively; and the interest on all such

East India Loan,

Ch. 32.

197

debentures shall be paid half-yearly on such days as shall be mentioned therein; and the principal moneys and interest secured by such debentures, or by any debentures issued by the Secretary of State in Council of India under the authority of former Acts, shall be payable either at the treasury of the Secretary of State in Council in London or at the Bank of England.

5. All or any number of the debentures issued under the Debentures authority of this Act, and all right to and in respect of the transferable principal and interest moneys secured thereby, shall be trans- 7 e ivery' ferable by the delivery of such debentures; and the coupons by for interest annexed to any debenture issued under the authority of this Act shall also pass by delivery.

fl. Any capital stock created under the authority of this Capital stock Act shall bear such a rate of interest, and any annuities to be ^created created under the authority of this Act shall be at such rate per centum per annum, as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit; and such capital stock and such annuities may be issued on such terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council; and any such capital stock may bear interest during such period, and be paid off at par at such time, as the Secretary of State in Council may prescribe previously to the issue of such capital stock; and such annuities may be terminable at such period as the Secretary of State in Council may prescribe previously to the issue of such annuities.

7. In case of the creation and issue of any such capital Transfer books

stock or of any such annuities, there shall be kept, either at of 8ych <»Pital the office of the Secretary of State in Council in London or to be

at the Bank of England, books wherein entries shall be made kept.

of the said capital stock and annuities respectively, and wherein all assignments or transfers of the same respectively, or any part thereof respectively, shall be entered and registered, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by bis, her, or their attorney or attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and the person or persons to whom such transfer or transfers shall be made may respectively under* write his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and no other mode of assigning or transferring the said capital stock or the said annuities, or any part thereof respectively, or any interest therein respectively, shall be good and available in law, and no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers or any of them.

8. All annuities created and issued under the authority of Annuities this Act shall be deemed and taken to be personal and not deemed per-real estate, and shall go to the executors or administrators 80nal e8tat0' of the person or persons dying possessed thereof, interested

Ch. 82.

East India Loan.

36 Vict.

The whole amount charged on revenue of India not to exceed 8,000,000l.

Power to raise money for payment of principal money.

Securities, &c. to be charged on revenues of India.

Provisions as to compositions for stamp duties on India bonds extended to bonds, &c. under this Act.

Forgery of debentures to be punishable as forgery of East India bonds.

Returns to be annually prepared of moneys raised on loan, See., and presented to Parliament.

therein, or entitled thereto, and not to the heir-at-law, nor be liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise.

9. The whole amount of the principal moneys to be charged on the revenues of India under this Act shall not exceed eight millions, nor shall it be lawful to increase under this Act the permanent debt in England, secured on the revenues of India, beyond six millions, or such lesser sum as may be required to redeem or commute the said capital stock.

10. Upon or for the repayment of any principal money secured under the authority of this Act, the Secretary of State in Council may at any time borrow or raise, by all or any of the modes aforesaid, all or any part of the amount of principal money repaid or to be repaid, and so from time to time as all or any part of any principal money under this Act may require to be repaid, but the amount to be charged upon the revenues of India shall not in any case exceed the principal money required to be repaid.

11. All bonds and debentures to be issued under this Act, and the principal moneys and interest thereby secured, and all capital stock to be issued under this Act, and the interest thereon, and all annuities to be issued under this Act, shall be charged on and payable out of the revenues of India, in like manner as other liabilities incurred on account of the government of the said territories.

12. The provisions contained in section four of the Act of the session holden in the fifth and sixth years of King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-four, with respect to the composition and agreement for the payment by the East India Company of an annual sum in lieu of stamp duties on their bonds, and the exemption of their bonds from stamp duties, shall be applicable-with respect to the bonds and debentures to be issued under the authority of this Act as if such provisions were here repeated and re-enacted with reference thereto.

13. All provisions now in force in anywise relating to the offence of forging or altering, or offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any East India bond, with intent to defraud, shall extend and be applicable to and in respect of any debenture issued under the authority of this Act, as well as to and in respect of any bond issued under the same authority.

14. Provided always, that after this Act shall have come' into operation, the said Secretary of State in Council shall, on or before the first day of May in each year, prepare or cause to be prepared a return of all moneys raised on loan under the provisions of this Act and of the Acts of the twenty-first Victoria, chapter three, twenty-second Victoria, chapter eleven.

187a

East India Loam.

Ch. 32, 33-,

199

twenty-second and twenty-third Victoria, chapter thirty-nine, twenty-third and twenty-fourth Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirty, twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth Victoria, chapter twenty-five, and thirty-second and thirty-third Victoria, chapter one hundred and six; also a return of all stocks, loans, debts, and liabilities then chargeable on the revenues of India, at home and abroad, up to the latest period of time to which such return can be made out, which return shall show, under the various heads of loans, debts, and liabilities, the amounts outstanding at the beginning of the last year included therein, the loans, debts, and liabilities raised or incurred within that year, the amounts paid off or discharged during that year, and the amounts under the various heads remaining at the end of that year, showing the loans, debts, and liabilities in England and India, separately and combined; and such return shall also show the purposes generally for which the moneys raised during that year have been applied or are intended to be applied; that all such returns shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament within the first fourteen days during which Parliament may be sitting next after the first day of May in each year, and the provisions of any of the said Acts by which such returns are directed to be made at certain dates therein specified are, so far as regards such dates, hereby repealed.

15. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any power of raising or borrowing money vested in the said Secretary of

State in Council at the time of passing thereof. in Council.

16. Any capital stock created under this Act shall be Stock created deemed to be East India stock, within the Act twenty-second

and twenty-third Victoria, chapter thirty-five, section thirty- India stock, two, unless and until Parliament shall otherwise provide; and any capital stock created under this Act or under the Act of the thirty-second and thirty-third Victoria, chapter one hundred and six, shall be deemed to be and shall mean India stock within the Act of the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Victoria, chapter seventy-three, anything in the said last-mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to facilitate the Proof of Byelaws and Proceedings of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales.

[7th July 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to facilitate the proof of the byelaws and proceedings of municipal corporations in England and Wales:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the " Municipal Corporations Evidence Act, 1873/ '

Proof of bye- 2. The production of a written or printed copy of any bye-law*. laws made by the council of a borough, either under the

Municipal Corporations Act of the fifth and sixth of William the Fourth, chapter seventy-three, or under any present or future general or local Act of Parliament, authenticated by the common seal of the borough, shall be evidence, until the contrary is proved, of the due making and existence of such byelaws, and, if so stated in such copy, of the same byelaws having been approved and confirmed by the authority whose approval or confirmation is or shall be required to the making or enforcing of such byelaws in all legal proceedings, without further proof of the making of such byelaws, or of such approval or confirmation, or of the said common seal

Proofs of 3. Any minute of proceedings at meetings of the council, or

coundfand its commfttees of the council, if signed by any person purport-committees. ing to be the mayor of the borough or the chairman of a meeting of the council or committee of the council, either at the meeting of the council or committee of the council at which such proceedings took place, or at the next ensuing meeting of the council or committee of the council, shall be receivable in evidence in all legal proceedings, without further proof; and, until the contrary is proved, every meeting of the council or committee of the council in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been so made shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held, and all the members thereof to have been duly qualified, and, when such proceedings are proceedings of committees, that such committees have been duly and regularly constituted, and had power to deal with the matters referred to in such proceedings.

Punishment 4. If any person shall forge the seal or signatures of any for forging seal document in this Act mentioned or referred to, or shall tender or signatures. gy^ence any such dcKmnmnfc with a false or counterfeit seal or signature thereto, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, he shall upon conviction be liable to imprisonment for any term not exceeding three years nor less than one year with hard labour.

Interpretation 5. The word "borough" in the construction of this Act of "borough." sba]] mean city, borough, or town corporate.

1873. Grand Jury Presentments (Ireland). Ch. 34. 201

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend an Act passed in a session held in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter one hundred and sixteen, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland.

[7th July 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to enable grand juries of any county in Ireland to present at any assizes such sum or sums of money as may be necessary from time to time to repair or widen, to any width not exceeding fifteen feet, any towing path and trackway on the bank of any navigable river on which boats have been accustomed to be towed by horses, to be levied off the entire county or riding of a county in which such towing path and trackway are situate:

And whereas under the Act passed in a session held in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter one hundred and sixteen, section one hundred and nineteen, such money can only be levied off the barony or baronies in which such towing path and trackway are locally situate:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. That notwithstanding anything in the said Act contained, Grand juries it shall be lawful for any grand jury in Ireland to present at any assizes such sums of money as may be necessary to repair to widen certain or widen, to any width not exceeding fifteen feet, any towing towing paths, path and trackway on the bank of any navigable river on ^leried off which boats have been accustomed to be towed by horses, such the county at sums to be levied off all the baronies and half baronies in krge. the county or riding of the county in which such towing path and trackway are situate; and such sums so to be levied may be originally presented for at the presentment sessions held in and for the barony in which such towing path and trackway are locally situate.

202

Ch. 35.

County Authorities (Loans). 86 & 87 Vict.

[Short title.]

Limits of Act.

Definition of terms.

Borrowing by

county

authority.

Regulations as to debentures.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Securities for Loans contracted by County Authorities.

[7th July 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to securities for loans contracted by county authorities:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The County Debentures Act, 1873."

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

3. For the purposes of this Act —

" County authority" means the justices in general, quarter, or gaol sessions assembled of any comity, riding, division, parts, or liberty of a county:

" County rate" means any rate leviable by the county authority, including any stock, fund, or other property belonging to or capable of being mortgaged by the county authority:

" County officer" means the clerk of the peace or any officer performing duties analogous to those of the clerk of the peace:

" Special Act" means any Act passed before or after the passing of this Act authorising a county authority to borrow money.

County Debentures.

4. Where any county authority is authorised by a special Act to borrow any money on the security of any county rate, it may, unless it is otherwise expressly provided by such Act of Parliament, raise any money so authorised to be borrowed by the issue of debentures under this Act.

5. Every debenture issued in pursuance of this Act shall be a security for a principal sum and interest to be charged on the county rate in such debenture specified, and to be payable at a time or at times to be specified in the debenture.

The principal sum may be made payable to the bearer of the debenture, or to a person to be named therein, his executors, administrators, or assigns.

A debenture in which the principal sum is made payable to the bearer is in this Act referred to as a debenture payable to bearer, and shall be transferable by delivery.

1873. Comity Authorities (Looms). Ch. 35. 203

A debenture in which the principal sum is made payable to a person named therein, his executors, administrators, or assigns, is in this Act referred to as a nominal debenture, and shall be transferable by deed in manner herein-after mentioned.

There shall be annexed to a debenture, whether payable to bearer or nominal, or be issued in respect thereof, or partly in one way and partly in the other, coupons entitling the bearer of each coupon to receive the interest therein mentioned, upon presenting the same at a time and place in the coupon specified.

A debenture under this Act shall not be issued except for fifty pounds, or a number of fifty pounds not exceeding ten.

All debentures issued in respect of the same loan or part of the same loan shall be separately numbered in a series and shall have inscribed thereon the same letter of the alphabet, and where more loans than one have been raised by the issue of debentures under this Act by the same county authority, the subsequent loans shall be described by a letter in the alphabet subsequent to any letter denoting a former loan.

fl. Every debenture issued in pursuance of this Act shall be Authentication authenticated as follows; that is to say, it shall be signed in of debenture, open court of sessions by the acting chairman for the time being, and shall be countersigned by the county officer.

7. The forms of debentures set forth in the schedule hereto Scheduled may be adopted in all cases, and when so adopted shall be ^°e^t^eg valid, but any other form not inconsistent with this Act may

be used.

8. No notice of any trust, implied, express, or constructive, Notice of trust shall be receivable by a county authority in relation to any not receivable* debenture issued by it.

9. All persons holding debentures or coupons issued in pur- Rights of pursuance of this Act in respect of the same loan shall be entitled

to be paid any sum for the time being due to them under any such debenture or coupon out of the county rate on which such sum is charged, without any preference one over the other by reason of the priority of date of any such instruments, or otherwise howsoever.

10. Where more than one loan has been raised by the same Priority of county authority, the debentures issued in respect of each loan loans-shall take priority according to the date of such loan, and the

date of a loan shall be deemed to be the date at which the first debenture under this Act for such loan is issued.

Register of Debentures.

1L A register of debentures, whether payable to bearer or Register of nominal, shall be kept by the county officer, and may be in- debentures, spected at all reasonable times by any person, upon payment

Ch. 35.

Coimty Authorities (Loans). 36 & 37 Vict.

Entry of memorial of nominal debentures.

Transfer of nominal debenture.

Registration of transfer of nominal debentures.

Transmission of nominal debentures.

of such fee, not exceeding a shilling, as may from time to time be prescribed by the county authority.

12. Within fourteen days after the issue of any nominal debenture, a memorial of such nominal debenture, specifying the sum secured thereby, and the name and description of the person to whom such sum is made payable, in this Act referred to as the nominee, shall be entered in such register, and until such entry of a memorial is made in the register the county authority shall not be in any manner responsible to the nominee in respect of such debenture.

13. Any person entitled to any nominal debenture may at any time transfer his interest therein to any other person, by deed duly stamped, and every such transfer may be according to the form in the schedule to this Act or to the like effect, and may either be endorsed on the debenture or.be made by a separate deed.

14. The county officer shall, upon application made by the transferee of a debenture and the production of the instrument of transfer, accompanied, if it be separate from the debenture transferred, by such debenture, and upon the payment of such fee not exceeding two shillings and sixpence as the county authority may from time to time prescribe, enter the name and description of the transferee in the register of debentures, and after such entry the transferee shall be entitled to the full benefit of the debenture in the same manner in all respects as if he had been the original nominee therein; but until such entry is made the county authority shall not be in any manner responsible to the transferee in respect of such debenture.

15. If the interest in any nominal debenture has become transmitted in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the person entitled to such debenture, or in consequence of the marriage of a female entitled to such debenture, or by any other lawful means than by a transfer, the county officer shall upon application made to him, and the production of such evidence, and the payment of such fee not exceeding two shillings and sixpence as the county authority may from time to time prescribe, enter the name and description of the person entitled under such transmission in the register of debentures; and after such entry the person to whom the interest in the debenture has been transmitted shall be entitled to the full benefit of the debenture in the same manner in all respects as if he had been the original nominee therein, but until such entry the county authority shall not be in any manner responsible to the person to whom the interest in the debenture has been transmitted.

County Authorities (Loans).

Ch. 35.

205

Remedy for Non-payment of Moneys secured.

16. If default is made in payment to the person for the time Remedy by being entitled of any sum due on any debenture or coupon mandamU8 for issued under this Act at the time appointed for payment of mcmejTdue thereof, the sum so due shall be deemed to be a debt due to on debentures, the person so entitled from the county authority which issued

such debenture or coupon of such a nature that a mandamus will be granted to enforce the payment thereof, and an action may be brought accordingly in the declaration in which a mandamus may be claimed.

17. If default is made in payment to any person or persons Remedy for entitled of any sum or sums due on debentures or coupons no, ^pa^?6n^of issued under this Act at the time appointed for payment ^bentur«B by thereof, and the sum or aggregate of the sums the payment appointment of of which is thus in default amount to not less than five receiv'er-hundred pounds, such person or persons may instead of or in

addition to bringing an action or actions for the sum or sums due apply to a court of equity for the appointment of a receiver; and any receiver so appointed shall (subject to any directions which may be given by the court) from time to time raise within the jurisdiction of the authority which issued such debenture or coupon, (in this section referred to as the defaulting authority,) by levy of the rate on which the sum in default is charged, a sufficient sum to pay to the person or persons entitled all payments in default, together with all costs, charges, and expenses incurred in or about the levy of the rate, or in or about the appointment of such receiver, with a proper remuneration for his trouble, and shall render to the defaulting authority the balance, if any, remaining in his hands after making the payments by this section authorised.

Any receiver appointed in pursuance of this section shall have the same power of raising a rate by issue of precepts or otherwise as the defaulting authority itself would have.

18. The county authority issuing any debentures under this Incorporation Act shall, so far as relates to such debentures, be deemed to

be incorporated by the name of the county authority of the pSrpoSwof1 county, riding, division, parts, or liberty of a county to which Act. it belongs, or by any other name by which such authority is ordinarily known or by which it granted the debenture or coupon in respect of which the action or other proceeding is brought, and may sue and be sued in any action or other legal proceeding relating thereto by such corporate name.

19. Any county authority may appear in any action, suit, Proceedings by or other legal proceeding under this Act, or in relation to any or a£ainst matter arising under this Act, by the county officer or any auth<>" person authorised in writing by the county officer; and any

notice or document required to be served on the county S

Ch. 35.

Comity Authorities (Looms). 36 & 37 Vict.

Exemption of holders of debentures from liability in respect of acts of county authority.

Provisions as to forgery.

Moneys borrowed on security of rates to be paid off in a limited period.

Loss of debentures.

Application of

fees.

Power to raise money for discharge of existing debts.

authority in respect of any matter arising under this Act shall be deemed to be duly served on the county authority if served on the county officer or left at his office.

Supplemental Provisions.

20. A person advancing any money to a county authority and receiving in consideration of such advance a debenture under this Act, shall not be bound to inquire whether such advance was or was not required, or was or was not within the borrowing powers of the authority issuing the debenture, or otherwise in accordance with the provisions of this Act, and shall not be prejudiced by the same not being so, and shall not be bound to inquire into the application of the money advanced, or be in any way responsible for the nonapplication thereo£

21. A debenture issued in pursuance of this Act shall be considered to be a writing obligatory for the purpose of any enactment relating to the punishment of forgery.

22. In order to discharge any moneys borrowed by a county authority on debentures issued in pursuance of this Act, the authority shall, unless some other method of discharging the same is prescribed by the special Act, pay off in every year of the period limited for repayment of the loan an equal portion thereof, together with interest on that portion, and on the balance of principal for the time being remaining unpaid.

23. If any debenture or coupon issued under this Act is lost, mislaid, or destroyed, the county authority shall, on such indemnity being given as it may require, and on payment of the expense of the issue, issue a fresh debenture or coupon in the place of the debenture or coupon so lost, mislaid, or destroyed.

24. All fees received by the county officer in pursuance of this Act shall be paid to the county treasurer for the public purposes of the county, at such times and in such manner as the county authority may direct.

Temporary Provisions.

25. Any county authority may, by the issue of debentures under this Act, raise sufficient money for the purpose of discharging any debts borrowed by such authority under any special Acts, and due at the time of the passing of this Act; subject, nevertheless, to any provisions of any such special Acts relating to the time and mode of repayment of any such debts and to the rate or other securities charged therewith.

1873. County Authorities (Loans). Ch. 35. 207

SCHEDULE.

Form of Debenture payable to Bearer.

County Debenture (A.) payable to Beaber.

No. (1.)

In pursuance of the Acts *

with interest at pounds per cent.

The county authority of charge the county rate of with payment to the Act

bearer of this debenture of the principal sum of on presentation of such debenture on the day

of for payment at or at

such other place as may from time to time be fixed by the said authority, and with payment of interest thereon at the rate of per cent, per annum half-yearly on the day

of and the day of,

during such time as the said principal sum remains unpaid to the bearers of the coupons hereto annexed or to be hereafter issued in respect of this debenture, on presentation of such coupons at or at such other place as may from time to time be fixed by the said authority. The above payments to be made free from all deductions except income tax.

(Signed) A.B. Chairman.

G.H., County Officer.

Insert reference to special Act autho-

loan nmil

Form of Nominal Debenture.

County Debenture (A.)

pounds per cent.

No. (1.)

In pursuance of the Acts *

with interest at The county authority of charge the county rate of of in the county of

executors, administrators, and assigns, on the, of the principal sum of pounds, and with payment of interest thereon at the rate of per centum per annum half-yearly on the

of and the day of,

during such time as the said principal sum remains unpaid to the bearers of the coupons hereto annexed or to be hereafter issued in respect of this debenture, on presentation of such coupons at or at such other place as may from time to time be fixed by the said authority. The above payments to be made free from all deductions except income tax.

(Signed) A.B., Chairman.

G.H., County Officer.

Insert reference to special Act autho-

with payment to A.B. £^1'££and his day of

day

Form of Transfer of Nominal Debenture by Endorsement.

I, the within-named A.B., [or, if an endorsement has previously been madey the above-named A.B.^ in consideration of the sum of paid to me by CJ). of, do

208 Ch. 35, 36, County Authorities (Loans). 36 & 37 Vict.

hereby transfer to the said C.D., his executors, administrators, and assigns, the within-contained county debenture, and all my estate and interest therein. In witness thereto I have hereunto affixed my seal this day of

Form of Transfer of Nominal Debenture by separate Deed.

I, A.B.y of, $c., in consideration of the sum

of paid to me by C.D. of, do

hereby transfer to the said C.D.y his executors, administrators, and assigns, a certain county debenture, *

and all my estate and interest therein. In witness thereof I have hereunto affixed my seal, this day

of

Insert short description of debenture.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act for making provision as to certain portions of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[7th July 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Newborough and St. Peter's Aldborough Hatch Parsonages.

Appropriation 1. Whereas a piece of land containing about four acres, j^oufle and situate in the parish of Newborough in the county of North-age house^d ampton, and being part of lands to which Her Majesty is garden for entitled in right of her Crown, has for some time past, with borou NeW" the sane*011 of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, 0 ug Forests, and Land Revenues, been appropriated as the site of a parsonage house, and as a garden -attached thereto, but doubts have been entertained whether such piece of land has been legally appropriated for the purposes aforesaid: And whereas a plan of the said piece of land has bepn signed by the Honourable Charles Alexander Gore, one of the said Commissioners, and having been marked with the letter A, has been deposited at the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments, and upon such plan the said piece of land is coloured yellow: Be it enacted, that the said piece of land coloured yellow on the said plan A, with the parsonage house and buildings standing thereon, shall be vested for an estate in fee simple in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, for the purposes of the Church Building Acts, as the site of and as a parsonage house and garden for the parish of Newborough in the county of Northampton.

Croton Lands.

Ch. 36.

209

2. Whereas a piece of land containing about five acres, Appropriation

being situate in the parish of Barking in the county of Essex, j^oiwe and and being part of lands to which Her Majesty is entitled in vicarage house, right of her Crown, has, with the sanction of the Commis- garden, and sioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, gt

been appropriated as the site of a vicarage house with the Peter^d-garden and appurtenances thereto, and as glebe for the vicarage boroughHatch. of Saint Peter, Aldborough Hatch, but doubts have been entertained whether the said piece of land has been legally appropriated for the purposes aforesaid: And whereas a plan of

the said piece of land has been signed by the said Honourable Charles Alexander Gore, one of the said Commissioners, and having been marked with the letter B, has been deposited at the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments, and upon such plan the said piece of land is coloured red: Be it enacted, that the said piece of land coloured red on the said plan B, with the house and buildings standing thereon, shall be vested for an estate in fee simple in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, for the purposes of the Church Building Acts, as the site of and as a vicarage house, with the garden and appurtenances thereto, and as a glebe for the vicarage of Saint Peter, Aldborough Hatch.

Mersey Conservancy.

3. The President for the time being of the Board of Trade The President shall be a conservator or commissioner of the conservancy

of the river Mersey, in the place of the Commissioners for commissioner the time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land of the Mersey Revenues, or one of them. Conservancy.

Mining Leases.

4. The powers of leasing given by an Act of the session Power to grant holden in the tenth year of His Majesty King George the "ninglea8ca Fourth, chapter fifty, shall extend to enable the Commissioners for 63 year8* for the time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or either of them, with the consent of the Commissioners for the time being of Her Majesty's Treasury, to grant

or enter into any agreement to grant leases of any mines, minerals, or other metallic or non-metallic substances or substrata obtained by mining, quarrying, or excavating, for any term or terms of years not exceeding sixty-three years from the time of the granting of the lease or from the date of the agreement, as the case may be, or for any term or terms of years which with any term of years in existence at the time of granting the lease or the date of the agreement will together make up a term not exceeding sixty-three years from such time or date.

Every such lease or agreement may be made upon such conditions, and may contain such reservations by way of, or

Ch. 36.

Crown Lands.

36 & 37 Vict.

Registration of deeds in Coart of Session.

Printed copies of Commissioners of Woods reports to Parliament to be admissible in evidence in lieu of originals.

wholly or partially in lieu of rent or other consideration, and such covenants and stipulations, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or either of them, with the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may approve: Provided always, that nothing in this section contained shall apply to any mine of gold or silver.

Registration of Deeds in Scotland.

5. A copy of or an extract from the record of any lease, conveyance, deed, or document registered for behoof of the Crown in terms of the Act of the third and fourth years of His Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-nine, in the office of Chancery of Scotland, shall be equivalent to the principal of such lease, conveyance, deed, or document, if such copy or extract is attested as a true copy or extract by the officer for the time being having the custody of the record of the principal of such lease, conveyance, deed, or document; and the keeper of the register of deeds, probative writs, and protests for Scotland shall record any such attested copy or extract in the books of council and session in the same manner as if the principal lease, conveyance, deed, or document duly authenticated had been presented to him for registration. And when any such copy or extract has been so recorded as aforesaid in the books of council and session, such record shall be deemed to be for all intents and purposes a record of the principal lease, conveyance, deed, or document, or of so much thereof as shall be so recorded; and the keeper of the said register shall issue a copy or extract of any such record as aforesaid containing, when required, a warrant in the same terms and which shall have the same effect as if the principal lease, conveyance, deed, or document had been recorded in the books of council and session.

Evidence of Commissioners of Woods Reports to Parliament.

6. Any document purporting to be a print or copy in print of any report purporting to be made by the Commissioners or any Surveyor General for the time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or either of them, or by any Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, or by the late Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, to Her Majesty or any of her royal predecessors or successors, or the Houses of Parliament, or either of them, shall at all times hereafter be admissible in evidence in any Court of Justice, or before any person for the time being having by law or by consent of parties authority to hear, receive, or examine evidence to the same extent as the original report would have been admissible if produced from the proper custody and duly proved in evi-

Crown Lands.

Ch. 36, 37 *

211

dence, provided that such document purports to have been printed by order of either House of Parliament, or have upon it words denoting that the report was ordered by either House of Parliament to be printed.

General Saving,

7. Saving to all persons, bodies politic or corporate, and Saving ofrights their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and ^npgn^ *" assigns (other than in the cases already provided for or in- ' tended to be provided for in this Act), all such estates, rights,

titles, and interests as they respectively have at the passing of this Act, or might or could have had if this Act had not passed.

Short Tide.

[Short title.]

8. This Act may be cited as " The Crown Lands Act, 1873."

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Fairs in England and Wales.

[7th July 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Fairs Act, 1873."

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

3. In this Act the term "owner" means any person or per- Definition of sons, or body of commissioners or body corporate, entitled to terms, hold any fair, whether in respect of the ownership of any lands or tenements, or under any charter, letters patent, or otherwise howsoever.

4. This Act shall commence and take effect on the passing Commence-thereof. ment ofAc u

5. From and after the commencement of this Act " The 31 & 32 Vict. Fairs Act, 1868," shall be and the same is hereby repealed. c*51* ^pealed.

6. In case it shall appear to one of Her Majesty's Principal Power to Secretaries of State, herein-after referred to as a Secretary of g^ate^alter State, upon representation duly made to him by the justices days of holding acting in and for the petty sessional division within which fairs, any fair is held, or by the owner of any fair in England or Wales, that it would be for the convenience and advantage of the public that any such fair shall be held in each year on some day or days other than that or those on which such fair

Ch. 37, 38.

Fairs.

36 & 37 Vict.

Order of Secretary of State to be published in certain newspapers.

All rights, &c. of owner to remain good.

is used to be held, or on the day or days on which such fair is used to be held and any preceding or subsequent day or days, or on or during a less number of days than those on which such fair is used to be held, it shall be lawful for a Secretary of State to order that such fair shall be held on such other day or days, or on the same day or days and any preceding or subsequent day or days, or on or during any less number of days as he shall think fit: Provided always, that notice of such representation and of the time when it shall please a Secretary of State to take the same into consideration shall if such representation shall have been made by justices be given to the owner of such fair, and shall if such representation shall have been made by the owner of such fair be given to the clerk to the justices acting in and for the petty sessional division within which such fair is held, and shall also be published once in the London Gazette, and in three successive weeks in some one and the same newspaper published in the county, city, or borough in which such fair is held, or if there be no newspaper published therein, then in the newspaper of some county adjoining or near thereto, before such representation is so considered.

7. When and so soon as any such order as aforesaid shall have been made by a Secretary of State, notice of the making of the same shall be published in the London Gazette and in some one newspaper of the county, city, or borough in which such fair is usually held, or if there be no newspaper published therein, then in the newspaper of some county adjoining or near thereto, and thereupon such fair shall only be held on the day or days mentioned in such order; and it shall be lawful for the owner of such fair to take all such toll or tolls, and to do all such act or acts, and to enjoy all and the same rights, powers, and privileges in respect thereof, and enforce the same by all and the like remedies, as if the same were held on the day or days upon which it was used to be held previous to the making oi such order.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of His Majesty George the Fourth, chapter eighty-three, intituled An Act for the punishment " of idle and disorderly persons and rogues and " vagabonds in that part of Great Britain called " England," and to repeal "The Vagrant Act Amendment Act, 1868." [7th July 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend an Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, chapter eighty-three, intituled "An Act for the

Vagrants Law Amendment

Ch. 38, 39.

213

" punishment of idle and disorderly persons and rogues and " vagabonds in that part of Great Britain called England

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the " Vagrant

Act Amendment Act, 1873."

2. This Act and the recited Act shall be construed as one Construction of

Act. Acte-

3. Every person playing or betting by way of wagering or Extending gaming in any street, road, highway, or other open and public provisions to place, or in any open place to which the public have or are permitted to have access, at or with any table or instrument

of gaming, or any coin, card, token, or other article used as an instrument or means of such wagering or gaming, at any game or pretended game of chance, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the true intent and meaning of the recited Act, and as such may be convicted and punished under the provisions of that Act, or, in the discretion of the justice or justices trying the case, in lieu of such punishment, by a penalty for the first offence not exceeding forty shillings, and for the second or any subsequent offence not exceeding five pounds.

4. This Act shall commence and take effect on and after Commence-the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and ment of Act' seventy-three.

5. The Vagrant Act Amendment Act, 1868, is hereby 31 & 32 Vict.

repealed. c* repealed.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the Act of the third and fourth years of Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirteen, for the Regulation of Cathedrals, and to facilitate the Endowment of Canonries by private benefaction.

[21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the third and fourth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirteen, intituled An Act to carry into effect with certain 3 & 4 Vict 11 modifications the fourth Report of the Commissioners ofc*113,

11 Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues," and in the twentieth section it was enacted as follows:

" A plan may from time to time be laid before the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England by any of the said

214

Ch. 39.

Canonriea.

36 & 37 Vict.

Plans for re-establishing suspended Canonries laid before Ecclesiastical Commissioners need not propose to appropriate any portion of corporate revenues of Chapter.

" Chapters of the several Cathedral and Collegiate Churches," with the sanction of the visitors of the said Churches respectively, for removing the suspension from and re-establishing any Canonry or Canonries which shall have been " suspended by or under the provisions of this Act by assigning " towards the re-endowment of any such Canonry or Canonries " a portion of the divisible corporate revenues remaining to the " said Chapters respectively, after paying to the said Eccle-u siastical Commissioners the profits or emoluments accruing " to the said Commissioners} from the suspended Canonry or " Canonries, so that the profits and emoluments of such suspended Canonry or Canonries be not diminished by the " removal of such suspension, and also by accepting and " assigning for the same purpose any further endowment in " money, or in lands, tithes, or other hereditaments, such lands," tithes, or other hereditaments not exceeding in yearly value " the sum of two hundred pounds for each Canonry from which " the suspension shall have been so removed, and also by " annexing to any such Canonry from which the suspension " shall have been so removed any suitable benefice or other " preferment in the patronage of the said Chapters respectively, or of any other patron with the consent of such " patron, and where any Bishop is patron, with consent of the " Archbishop, and any such plan may be carried into effect " by the authority herein-after provided, and such alterations <c may be made in the existing statutes and rules of the said w Chapters respectively, as the case may require, under the ce authority herein provided for making alterations in existing " statutes:"

And whereas an Act was passed in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter seventy-seven, intituled "An Act for regulating the Cathedral Churches of " Wales:"

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In any plan that may from time to time be laid before the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England by any of the Chapters of the several Cathedral and Collegiate Churches mentioned in the said recited Acts, with the sanction of the Visitors of the said Churches respectively, for removing the suspension from and re-establishing any Canonry or Canonries which shall have been suspended by or under the provisions of the said recited Acts, it shall not be necessary to have any proposal for assigning towards the re-endowment of any such Canonry or Canonries a portion of the divisible corporate revenues remaining to the said Chapters respectively, and any plan not containing any such proposal may be carried into effect by the authority in the said first-recited Act provided.

1873.

Ccmonrie8.

Ch. 39.

215

2. When in any of the Cathedral and Collegiate Churches Plans may be mentioned in the said recited Acts there are no suspended Canonries, or the suspended Canonries have been re-established, gioners for the a plan may from time to time be laid before the said Eccle- establishment siastical Commissioners by the Chapter, with the sanction of canomri^1 the Visitor, for the establishment therein of an additional Canonry or Canonries, or for the conversion of a non-residen-tiary Prebend or non-residentiary Prebends into a Canonry or Canonries, and for accepting ajid assigning for the endowment of the same any endowment in money or land given by a private person or persons, and any such plan may be carried into effect by the authority in the said first-recited Act provided.

3. Any plan laid before the said Ecclesiastical Commis- Plans may con-sioners under this Act may contain proposals for assigning to the holder or holders of the Canomy or Canonries so re- dutie^Sing established, additionally established, or converted from a residence, &c. non-residentiary Prebend or non-residentiary Prebends, any spiritual, ecclesiastical, eleemosynary, or educational duties for the benefit of the Church of England and in connexion with the diocese in which the Cathedral or Collegiate Church is situate, and for fixing the residence of such holder or holders and his or their participation in the conduct of divine service, and in preaching in the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and for limiting the tenure of the Canonry or Canonries to a term or terms of years and for making this tenure dependent upon the performance of the duties assigned to the holder or holders, and for determining the patronage of the Canonry or Canonries, or for any one or more of the above-mentioned objects; provided always, that the patronage shall vest in Her Majesty or the Bishop of the diocese, unless in the case of a Canonry which is attached to some already existing ecclesiastical or spiritual office. Where the patronage is not determined, or in so far as it is not determined in the plan, it shall vest in the Bishop of the diocese in which the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church is locally situate. No holder of any Canonry under this Act shall be bound to any other or further residence than is prescribed in the plan.

4. Any plan laid before the said Ecclesiastical Commis- Provision to sioners under this Act for the establishment of an additional of mem-Canonry, or for the conversion of a non-residentiary Prebend holdere of such into a Canonry, may contain proposals for giving to the holder Canonries. of such Canonry such rights of membership of the Chapter of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church as may be thought advisable, or the position in the said Chapter of an honorary Canon only; or, in the case of Cathedral or Collegiate Churches having non-residentiary Prebends, may contain proposals for constituting such holder a non-residentiary Prebendary, and

Canonrien.

Ch. 39, 40.

36 & 37 Vict.

Construction of Act.

[Short title.]

in all cases such holder shall be visitable by the Visitor of the Chapter.

5. This Act shall be construed with and as part of the said first-recited Act, and may be cited as " The Cathedral Acts Amendment Act, 1873."

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to authorise the acquisition and appropriation by the Metropolitan Board of Works of certain land reclaimed from the River Thames in pursuance of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862.

[21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two a scheme was submitted to Parliament for the embankment of a part of the northern shore of the river Thames, and such scheme was carried into effect by the Thames Embankment Act, 1862:

And whereas in and previously to the said year, by virtue of the Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, and an arrangement made between the Crown and the corporation of the city of London, after a protracted litigation as to the title to the soil and foreshore of the river Thames below Teddington Lock, such soil and foreshore was appropriated as follows; that is to say, all such parts of such soil and foreshore as were opposite to land belonging to or in possession of the Crown or any department of the Government, and in this Act called the reserved land, were reserved to the Crown, and the residue of such soil and foreshore (in this Act called the conservancy land) was vested in the Conservators of the river Thames for all the estate and interest of the Crown and the said Corporation therein, subject to an obligation on the part of the Conservators to pay to the Crown one third part of all moneys that might be received by them in respect of such conservancy land:

And whereas in and previously to the said year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two the Crown was also possessed of valuable water frontage, wharfage, and other rights (in this Act called "frontage rights") on the northern shore of the river Thames between Westminster and Blackfriars bridges: And whereas it was necessary for the purposes of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, that a portion of the reserved land, consisting of about five and a half acres, and the said frontage rights of the Crown, and also a portion of the conservancy land, should be taken or interfered with by the Metropolitan Board of Works, by whom the said Embankment Act was carried into execution:

Thames Embankment (Land).

Ch. 40.

And whereas by that Act provision was made for referring to arbitration the value of the joint interest of the Conservators and of the Crown in the said portion of the conservancy land, and such arbitration having taken place the amount awarded was paid by the Metropolitan Board of Works to the Conservators, of which amount one third part was afterwards duly paid to the Crown:

And whereas the reserved land, after deducting the said five and a half acres of land so as aforesaid taken by the Metropolitan Board of Works, is in this Act called the residuary reserved land:

And whereas in the course of the proceedings preliminary or incidental to the passing of the said Act it was proposed that, regard being had to the greatly increased value which would accrue by reclamation to the residuary reserved land, no compensation should be paid to the Crown for the relinquishment by it of such part of the reserved land and frontage rights as was required to be taken or interfered with by the Metropolitan Board of Works for the construction of the Thames Embankment and roadway; and such proposal was carried into effect by the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, whereby it was provided that the residuary reserved land when reclaimed should continue vested in the Crown, and that no money compensation should be paid by the Metropolitan Board of Works to the Crown for the part of such reserved land and the frontage rights belonging to the Crown which would be taken or interfered with by the said Board in the construction of the said embankment and roadway:

And whereas it is expedient that power should be given to the Metropolitan Board of Works to acquire a portion of the said residuary reserved land (in this Act called the red land) containing about seven thousand three hundred square yards, and situate adjacent to the gardens of Fife House, Whitehall, and coloured red, and more particularly described on a plan (in this Act called the deposited plan) which, having been marked with the letter A and signed by one of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, has been deposited at the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments:

And whereas the land coloured blue on the deposited plan, containing about one thousand and sixty square yards, is now vested in the Metropolitan Board of Works subject to the provisions of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, and the Thames Embankment (North and South) Act, 1868:

And whereas under the provisions of section fifty-three of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, no building (except as in the said Act mentioned) can be erected on the said land coloured blue without the previous consent in writing of the Most Noble Algernon Duke of Northumberland, his heirs, sequels in estate, or assigns:

218

Ch. 40.

Thames Embankment (Land). 36 & 37 Vict.

[Short title.]

Heads of arrangement in schedule confirmed.

Provisions as to the blue land.

Appropriation of lands.

And whereas the Metropolitan Board of Works are promoting in the present session of Parliament a Bill, under the title of the Charing Cross and Victoria Embankment Approach Bill, by which it is proposed that power be given to such Board to acquire Northumberland House and other property of the said Duke, in respect of which his consent to the erection of buildings on the said land coloured blue is so required as aforesaid:

And whereas for facilitating the acquisition by the Metropolitan Board of Works of the red land, and the formation of a garden for the recreation and enjoyment of the public, having a uniform breadth from the roadway on the Embankment, certain negotiations have taken place, and the heads of arrangement set forth in the schedule to this Act were adjusted as proper to be recommended for the consideration of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the said heads of arrangement should be adopted, and the provisions thereof be carried out under the sanction of Parliament:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as The Thames Embankment Land Act, 1873.

2. The heads of arrangement set forth in the schedule to this Act are by this Act confirmed, and are declared to be valid and binding for all intents and purposes on Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and on the Metropolitan Board of Works and their successors; and the Commissioners for the time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or one of them, and the Metropolitan Board of Works are respectively empowered to execute all such conveyances and do all such other acts as may be necessary to carry out and give full effect to the said heads of arrangement, and all such conveyances shall be valid and have full effect.

3. The land in the said heads of arrangement mentioned as coloured blue shall, when conveyed to the Crown, be held freed and discharged from all the provisions of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, and the Thames Embankment (North and South) Act, 1868.

4. All lands acquired by the Metropolitan Board of Works in pursuance of this Act shall be appropriated for the purposes of a public garden, and shall be maintained by them as such; and section four of the Thames Embankment (North) Act, 1872, enabling the Metropolitan Board of Works to make byelaws, shall extend and apply to the lands to be appropriated by them as aforesaid for the purposes of a public garden: Provided always, that no portion of such public garden shall

Thames Embcmtcrrient (Land).

219

Ch. 40,

be higher than six feet above the level of the adjoining footpath on the Embankment roadway.

5. The Metropolitan Board of Works may, notwithstanding any limit contained in any Act of Parliament, borrow on the credit of the consolidated rate leviable by the said Board a sufficient sum of money to pay the price of the red land and may create and issue a sufficient amount of consolidated stock of the said Board for the purpose of raising such sum of money; and all other expenses incurred by them under this Act shall be deemed to be expenses properly incurred by them in the execution of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and shall be defrayed accordingly.

The SCHEDULE.

Crown Land on the Thames Embankment.

Heads of Arrangement proposed to be submitted for the consideration of Parliament by the Honourable Charles Alexander Gore, a Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and the Metropolitan Board of Works, hereinafter called the Board.

1. These heads of arrangement are not of themselves to have any force or validity, but they embody the terms which, in the opinion of the above-named Charles Alexander Gore, on behalf of the Crown, and of the Board, may properly be submitted for the consideration of Parliament as a settlement which, in the interest of the public, may be'^ advantageously made in regard to the matter which is the subject of the arrangement.

2. The arrangement is only to take effect in the event of the Board being authorised by Parliament in the present session to acquire, and thereafter duly acquiring, Northumberland House and certain other property of the Most Noble Algernon Duke of Northumberland which is scheduled in the book of reference to the Charing Cross and Victoria Embankment Approach Bill now before Parliament.

3. For the considerations herein-after mentioned, the said Charles Alexander Gore, or the Commissioner or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues for the time being (having the management of the property), are or is to convey, subject to the interest of the Metropolitan District Railway Company in a small portion thereof, to the Board the land near the gardens of Fife House, Whitehall, and containing 7, 300 square yards, or thereabouts, which is coloured red on a plan signed by the said Charles Alexander Gore, and deposited at the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments, here in-after called the deposited plan. Such land is herein-after called the " red land."

4. The red land when conveyed to the Board shall, within six months after the same is acquired by them, be formed and laid out, and shall for ever thereafter be maintained by the Board as an ornamental public garden, with lawns, gravel walks, flower beds, and shrubberies, the surface of the soil not being in any place more than

Payment of purchase money and expenses.

220

Ch. 40, 41. Thames Embankment (Land). 36 & 37 Vict.

six feet above the level of the existing foot pavement of the Embankment roadway, and no building or erection shall at any time be placed on the red land.

5. In lieu of the wall or fence which by section 72 of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, the Board are to erect between the red land and the roadway on the Embankment, the Board will construct and maintain between the red land and the adjoining garden, in the occupation of Lord Gage, a proper closed fence, not less than 8 feet in height above the surface of the public garden adjoining such fence, standing on a kerb wall, and being supported by iron railings.

6. As the consideration for the red land, the Board, after it shall have acquired Northumberland House, but not before, is to convey to the Crown, free from all the provisions of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, and the Thames Embankment (North and South) Act, 1868, certain land at the north-west corner of the red land, containing 1, 060 square yards, -or thereabouts, and coloured blue on the deposited plan. The said land so coloured blue is herein-after called the blue land. And the Board is also to pay to the Crown the sum of £3, 270.

7. The general line of frontage of the main building or buildings to be erected on the blue land (when conveyed to the Crown), and on the Crown land on the westward side of the red land, shall not be nearer to the line of the terrace wall shown on the deposited plan than 30 feet, and the intervening space between any buildings which may be erected on the blue land or on the said Crown land shall be separated from the public garden on the red land and on the land to the eastward of the blue land by a terrace wall of an ornamental character (of which the design is to be approved by the Board). And such terrace wall shall be erected on the site marked terrace wall on the deposited plan, and the said terrace wall shall not be more than 15 feet in height (exclusive of the balustrade thereon) above the pavement of the footway on the Embankment roadway, and no openings for light or means of access to the public garden shall be made in such terrace wall.

Dated this twenty-fifth day of April 1873.

Charles A. Gore.

Witness,

E. Bloomfield,

Solicitor's Department,

Metropolitan Board of Works.

Sealed by order,

J. E. Wakefield,

Clerk of the Board.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868, as to the Property of Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools.

[21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868, and Acts amending the same, as to Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools:

221

1873. Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools Property. Ch. 41.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Public Schools (Shrewsbury and Harrow' Schools Property) Act,

1873.

2. The term "old corporation " shall mean, with reference Interpretation to Shrewsbury School, the corporate body entitled " The of terms '

" Governors and Trustees of the Free Grammar School of King " Edward the Sixth at Shrewsbury," and with reference to Harrow School the corporate body entitled " The Keepers and " Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the " Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the town of " Harrow-on-the-HilL"

3. The new governing body of Shrewsbury School may Scheme for dis-submit to the Special Commissioners a scheme providing for the transfer to the new governing body of all the powers Shrewsbury vested in the old corporation (subject to the trusts and School and for liabilities* affecting the same), and for the transfer to the new lts

governing body of all the powers and duties of the old corporation, and for the dissolution of the old corporation.

4. The new governing body of Harrow School may submit Scheme for dis-to the Special Commissioners a scheme providing for the ^J^on°of transfer to the new governing body of all the property vested Harrow School in the old corporation (subject to the trusts and liabilities and transfer of affecting the same), and for the disposal of the power of the lts ProPert5'* old corporation to elect from time to time two members of the

new governing body, and for the transfer to the new governing body of all the other powers and duties of the old corporation, and for the dissolution of the old corporation.

5. The new governing body of Harrow School shall from Incorporation and after the dissolution of the old corporation be deemed

to be incorporated by the name of "The Keepers and Governors Harrow'School " of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar " School of John Lyon, within the town of Harrow-on-the- Hill in the county of Middlesex," and shall be entitled to use as their common seal the seal of the old corporation.

6. One month before any scheme is submitted to the Special Copy of sdhem© Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, a copy of such scheme old corporation6 shall be laid before the old corporation to winch it refers.

7. The power conferred by this Act to make a scheme shall ?T?si^7 8 be deemed to be a power of making a scheme within the Act> ^g^00 meaning of the Public Schools Act, 1868, and Acts amending applied.

the same, and the scheme shall be subject to the same provisions as to time and otherwise, and if approved shall take

222

Ch. 41, 42. Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools. 36 & 37 Vict.

Effect of scheme.

effect in the same manner, as a scheme under that Act and Acts amending the same.

8. A scheme made under this Act shall on its coming into' operation be effectual for all purposes to dissolve the corporation purported to be thereby dissolved, and to transfer and vest the property, powers, and duties, of whatever nature or tenure, purported to be thereby transferred or vested, without any conveyance, assurance, or act in the law, and without the consent of any other person.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act for amending the Tithe Commutation Acts with respect to Market Gardens.

[21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS by the Tithe Commutation Acts (described in the schedule to this Act) provision is made for the commutation into a permanent rentcharge of the tithes leviable in the several parishes in England and Walea;

And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Acts in respect of the sections of such Acts in the said schedule particularly mentioned:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Keetnction of 1. So much of such sections, and of the powers therein fioectin^m^k co^ined conferred on the Tithe Commissioners, as provide gardens newly for the charging of an additional rentcharge by way of cultivated. extraordinary charge on market gardens newly cultivated as such, shall extend and apply only to a parish in which an extraordinary charge for market gardens was distinguished at the time of commutation.

Saving for pending proceedings.

2. Nothing in this Act shall affect or be deemed to apply to any proceedings taken or to be taken in relation to the charging of an additional rentcharge by way of extraordinary charge on market gardens newly cultivated as such in any case where an award in that behalf was made and confirmed, or where an application was made to the Tithe Commissioners to charge an additional rentcharge by way of extraordinary charge upon any market gardens newly cultivated as such, before the commencement of the present session of Parliament.

[Short title.]

Construction of 3. This Act shall be construed and have effect as one Act Act # with the Tithe Commutation Acts, and may be cited as The Tithe Commutation Acts Amendment Act, 1873.

The SCHEDULE.

The Tithe Commutation Acts.

Session, Chapter, and Title.

Sections relating specially to Market Gardens.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 71. An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

7 Will 4. & 1 Vict. c. 69. An Act to amend an Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 62. An Act to explain and amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 15. An Act further to explain and amend the Acts for the Commutation or Tithes in England and Wales.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 54. An Act to amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the officers appointed under the said Acts for a time to be limited.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 73. An Act further to amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 104. An Act to explain the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the officers appointed under the said Acts until the 1st day of October 1850, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. An Act to consolidate and continue the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and to provide for the completion of proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 93. An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

Sections forty, and forty-two.

Sections twenty-six to thirty-three, inclusive.

Sections eighteen and nineteen.

Section forty-two.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to enable Indian Railway Companies to issue and register Shares and Securities in India.

[21st July 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

L Every Company now formed, or which shall hereafter be Every Indian formed, whether by amalgamation or otherwise, for constructing, maintaining, and working railways in India, may establish at bhsh offioeain such places in India as they think fit an office for the issue, India for the

issue and registration of shares.

Registers to be kept in India.

Registers at several offices in India to be distinguished.

Where transfers to be registered.

Shares, &c. to be registered a one office only.

Share, &c. may be transferred from on

Ch. 43. Indian Railways Registration. 36 & 37 Vict.

registration, and transfer of shares, stock, bonds, and securities of the Company, and the registration of transfers of shares, stock, bonds, and securities, and the registration of shareholders, and may from time to time remove or alter the place of any such office, and may make such regulations, consistent with the provisions of this Act, as they think fit, for enabling and facilitating the issue, registration, and transfer of shares, stock, bonds, and securities, and the registration of transfers of shares, stock, bonds, and securities, and the registration of shareholders at such office, and all and every the powers and provisions in relation to the issue, transfer, and registration of shares, stock, bonds, and securities, and the registration of transfers of shares, stock, bonds, and securities, and the registration of shareholders in Great Britain, contained in any deed of settlement or Act of Parliament under or by which the Company shall be constituted or governed, shall apply and be in force as to the shares, stock, bonds, and securities, and the registration of transfers thereof, and the registration of shareholders, to be issued, transferred, registered and made at such office in India, except so far as the same are inconsistent with the provisions of this Act.

2. Every such Company may keep at their office in India books to be called respectively " The India Register of Shareholders," " The India Register of Holders of Consolidated " Stock," " The India Shareholders Address Book," " The India " Register of Transfers," and also books for the registration of bonds, debentures, mortgages, and the debenture stock, and the transfers thereof respectively, and the books so kept shall be of the like validity and effect as the books kept for the like purposes by the Company in England, and accounts of all entries and alterations made in the books of the Company in India shall be transmitted to the principal office of the same Company in England.

3. Provided always, that if and when the Company have offices in India at more places than one, then the Company shall substitute for or add to the word " India " in the titles of the Register kept at every such office, the name of the place at which the particular office is established.

4. All transfers of any such shares, stock, bonds, and securities as aforesaid shall be made at the office at which the same respectively shall for the time being be registered, and no share, stock, bond, or security shall be on the registry of more than one office at one and the same time: Provided always, that the Company may keep in England duplicates of any of its books of register kept in India, but no such duplicate book shall be deemed a register.

5. Subject to the regulations from time to time made by such Companies respectively, with respect to the issue, re-

Indian Railways Registration. Ch. 43, 44.

225

gistration, and transfer of shares, stock, bonds, and securities respectively, and the registration of transfers of shares, stock, bonds, and securities respectively, every such Company may and shall, on notice in writing by the holder of any share, stock, bond, or security to the person for the time being acting as secretary, managing director, or principal clerk at the office in England or in India where such share, stock, bond, or security shall then be registered, transfer the share, stock, bond, or security from the register thereof at that office to the corresponding register at any other office of the Company where for the time being a register shall be kept to be appointed and named in such notice, and as soon as conveniently may be after the receipt of any such notice such secretary, managing director, or principal clerk shall transmit advice thereof to the office to which the transfer is directed to be made.

6. For the purpose of determining any question as to the place or jurisdiction within which any share, stock, bond, or security shall be deemed to be or to have been situate at any given time, the locality, whether in India or in Great Britain, of the register in which such share, stock, bond, or security shall be or have been actually registered for the time being, shall be deemed to be or have been at such time the locality of such share, stock, bond, or security, and so soon as notice shall have been given as aforesaid for the transfer of any share, stock, bond, or security from one register to another, the share, stock, bond, or security shall for the purpose of this section be deemed to be actually registered in the register to which it is so directed to be transferred.

7. Nothing in this Act shall interfere with or affect any powers which are now vested in any Indian Railway Company by any Acts of Parliament by which the Company is governed.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to facilitate the payment of certain annuities for life or years payable by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS under divers Acts the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are authorised to grant annuities, and it is expedient to make further provision with respect to the payment of such annuities:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

register to another at the option of the holder.

Locality of shares, &c.

Saving of rights.

Bending of warrants by post.

Effect of warrant and of posting of warrant.

Provision as to payment on death of nominee.

Definitions.

Definition of warrant.

Ch. 44. National DM Commissioners (Annuities). 36 & 37 Vict.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L Where any Government annuities for life or years are payable by warrants of the Commissioners, such warrants may, subject to any regulations from time to time made by the Commissioners, be sent by post.

Such regulations may provide for the production or transmission by post or otherwise to the persons prescribed by such regulations, of the certificates and declarations which are required by the Acts regulating the payment of the annuities to be produced before the payment of such annuities.

2. Every warrant sent by post in pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to be a cheque of the Commissioners within the meaning of any Act relating to cheques.

Every annuitant desirous of having a warrant for his annuity sent to him through the post shall give to the Commissioners an address in the United Kingdom, or in the Channel Islands, or the Isle of Man, to which the letter containing such warrant is from time to time to be sent The posting by the Commissioners of a letter containing a warrant addressed to an annuitant at his request at the address given by him to the Commissioners shall, as respects the liability of the Commissioners or the Consolidated Fund, be equivalent to the delivery of the warrant to the annuitant himself.

3. Any sum payable by the Commissioners in respect of a Government annuity on the death of a nominee which is claimed within the period specified in the enactments regulating the payment of such sum, may, if the Commissioners think fit, be paid at any time after the expiration of thirty days after proof of such death.

4. In this Act —

The term "the Commissioners" means the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

The term "Government annuities" means annuities granted either before or after the passing of this Act, in pursuance of the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act or any of them, or of any Acts repealed by those Acts, or of any other Acts authorising the Commissioners to grant annuities for life or years, and includes annuities payable by the Commissioners in pursuance of any of the said Acts.

5. The term "warrant," when used in this Act or in the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act, or in any Acts under which Government annuities have been granted, shall be deemed to include any draft, order, cheque, or other document for the time being used by the Commissioners as a medium for the payment of any Government annuities.

227

6. This Act together with the Acts mentioned in the schedule Construction o to this Act may be cited as the Government Annuities Acts, Act *

1829 to 1873; and this Act and each of those Acts may be Short title* cited as the Government Annuities Act of the year in which it was passed.

SCHEDULE.

Government Annuities Acts.

Session and Chapter. Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 24. - An Act to enable the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant life annuities and annuities for terms of years.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 59. An Act to transfer the management of certain annuities on lives from the receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to the management of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and to amend an Act for enabling the said Commissioners to grant life annuities and annuities for terms of years .;

3&4 Will.4. c. 24. An Act to amend an Act of the tenth year of His late Majesty for regulating the reduction of the national debt.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 45. An Act to consolidate and amend the laws, and to grant additional facilities in relation to the purchase of Government annuities through the medium of Savings Banks, and to make other provisions in respect thereof. An Act to grant additional facilities for the purchase of small Government annuities, and for assuring payments of money on death.

27 & 28 Vipt. c. 43.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to guarantee the payment of a loan to be raised by the Government of Canada for the construction of public works in that country, and to repeal the Canada Defences Loan Act, 1870.

[21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS one of the terms and conditions on which the colony of British Columbia was admitted into union with the Dominion of Canada, by an Order in Council of the sixteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, was that the Government of the Dominion should secure the construction of a railway (in this Act referred to as the Pacific Railway) to connect the seaboard of British Columbia with the railway system of Canada, in manner more particularly mentioned in the schedules to such Order:

Ch. 46.

Canada Loan Guarantee. 36 & 37 Vict.

83 & 84 Vict. C. 82.

[Short title.]

Poorer to Treasury to guarantee loan.

Conditions of guarantee.

And whereas the Government of the Dominion of Canada propose to raise by way of loan for the purpose of the construction of the Pacific Railway, and also for the improvement and enlargement of the Canadian canals, a sum of money not exceeding eight million pounds:

And whereas by an Act of the Parliament of Canada of the year 1868, chapter forty-one, the Governor in Council was authorised to raise by way of loan upon the guarantee of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury (in this Act referred to as "the Treasury"), for the purpose of the construction of the fortifications therein mentioned, sums not exceeding one million one hundred thousand pounds:

And whereas by the Canada Defences Loan Act, 1870, the Treasury were authorised to guarantee the payment of the principal of such loan and of interest thereon at a rate not exceeding four per cent .:

And whereas no portion of the last-mentioned loan has been raised, and no such guarantee has been given:

And whereas it is expedient to authorise the Treasury to guarantee a portion, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds, of such loan of eight million pounds for the above-mentioned purposes, and to guarantee a further portion of the said loan not exceeding one million one hundred thousand pounds in substitution for a guarantee of a loan under the Canada Defences Loan Act, 1870:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as "The Canada (Public Works) Loan Act, 1873."

2. The Treasury may guarantee in such manner and form and on such conditions as they think fit the payment of the principal of and interest (at a rate not exceeding four per cent, per annum) on all or any part of any loan raised by the Government of Canada for the purpose of the construction of the Pacific Railway, and the improvement and enlargement of the Canadian canals, so that the total amount so guaranteed from time to time do not exceed three million six hundred thousand pounds.

3. The Treasury shall not give any guarantee under this Act unless and until provision is made by an Act of the Parliament of Canada or otherwise to the satisfaction of the Treasury —

(1.) For raising and appropriating the said proposed loan of eight million pounds:

1873.

Canada Loan Guarantee.

Ch. 45.

229

(2.) For charging the consolidated revenue fund of Canada with the payment of the principal and interest of any loan guaranteed by the Treasury under this Act immediately after the charge of the loan for fortifications created by the said Act of the Parliament of Canada of the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, chapter forty-one:

(3.) For payment by the Government of Canada of a sinking fund at the rate of one per cent, per annum on the entire amount of the loan guaranteed by the Treasury under this Act, and for charging the consolidated revenue fund of Canada with the payment of such sinking fund immediately after the principal and interest of the last-mentioned loan:

(4.) For charging the consolidated revenue fund of Canada with any sum issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom under this Act with interest thereon at the rate of five per cent, per annum, immediately after the said sinking fund:

(5.) For the due payment and application of the money raised by any loan guaranteed by the Treasury under this Act in such manner as the Treasury from time to time direct:

(6.) For remitting to the Treasury the annual sums for the sinking fund by equal half-yearly payments, in such manner as they from time to time direct, and for the investment and accumulation thereof under their direction in the names of four trustees nominated from time to time, two by the Treasury and two by the Government of Canada.

The Treasury may guarantee the loan in such portions as they think fit, and before guaranteeing any portion of the loan after the first, shall satisfy themselves that the portion of the loan previously guaranteed (or an equal amount of any other loan of the Government of Canada), together with an equal amount of that portion of the said loan of eight million pounds which is not guaranteed by the Treasury, has been or is in the course of being spent for the purposes mentioned in this Act.

4. The said sinking fund may be invested only in such Application of securities as the Government of Canada and the Treasury 8in^g from time to time agree upon, and shall whether invested or not be applied from time to time, under the direction of the Treasury, in discharging the principal of the loan guaranteed by the Treasury under this Act, and the interest arising from such securities (including the interest accruing in respect of any part of any loan discharged by means of the sinking fund), and the resulting income thereof shall be invested and applied as part of such sinking fund.

230

Alteration of Act relating to

Issue out of Consolidated Fund *

Certificate of amount paid out of Consolidated Fund.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament.

Repeal of 33 & 34 Vict# c. 82.

9 G. 4. c. 53.

Ch. 45, 46. Ccmada Loan Guarantee. 36 & 37 Vict.

5. Every Act passed by the Parliament of Canada which in any way impairs the priority of the charge upon the consolidated revenue fund of Canada created by that Parliament of the loan guaranteed under this Act, and the interest and sinking fund thereof, and the sums paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and the interest thereon, shall, so far only as it impairs such priority, be void, unless such Act has been reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure

6. The Treasury are hereby authorised to cause to be issued from time to time, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, such sums of money as may at any time be required to be paid to fulfil the guarantee under this Act in respect either of principal or interest.

7. The Treasury may from time to time certify to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State the amount which has been paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom to fulfil the guarantee under this Act, and the date of such payment; such certificate shall be communicated to the Governor of Canada, and shall be conclusive evidence of the amount having been so paid and of the time when the same was so paid.

8. The Treasury shall cause to be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament a statement of any guarantee given under this Act, and an account of all sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom for the purposes of this Act, within one month after the same are so given or issued, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting, then within fourteen days after the then next meeting of Parliament.

9. The Canada Defences Loan Act, 1870, is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to afford facilities for the Transfer to the Grand Juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford of the bridge across the River Blackwater, near the town of Youghal; and for other purposes relating thereto.

[21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter fifty-three, intituled An Act for the erection " of a bridge across the River Blackwater at or near Foxhole " and the town of Youghal, in the county of Cork, to the

1878 Blackwater Bridge. Ch. 46.

" opposite side in the county of Waterford, and for making " the necessary approaches thereto " (in this Act referred to as " The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828 "), it was enacted, that certain persons therein named, and their successors to be elected in manner therein mentioned, should be, and they were thereby appointed commissioners for the execution of said Act for making, constructing, and maintaining a bridge over said river, at or near the place aforesaid, with the necessary avenues, approaches, and other works thereby authorised to be executed, and were thereby authorised and empowered by themselves, their deputies, agents, officers, workmen, and servants, to make, complete, and maintain a bridge of stone, timber, iron, or other fit materials across the River Blackwater, at or near a place called Foxhole, in the parish of Saint Mary's, Youghal, in the county of Cork, to the opposite side in the parish of Clashmore, in the county of Waterford, with a drawbridge for the passage of shipping, and also a quay or quays, abutments, and moorings, for the convenience and accommodation of vessels passing the said ^bridge; also to make and maintain one road of approach from the mail coach road in Muckridge townland to the said bridge, the townland of Youghal, Foxhole, or Muckridge, in the parish of Saint Mary's, Youghal, in the county of Cork aforesaid, one road from the said bridge along the slob or land of the river Blackwater, to the quay called and known by the name of Green's Quay, to Catherine Street in the parish of Saint Mary's, Youghal aforesaid, and one road from the eastern end of the said bridge to or near Pilltown in the parish of Kinsalebeg, and to Summerhill in the parish of Grange and county of Waterford aforesaid, to communicate with the Clashmire and the new Dungarvon roads; and it was thereby further enacted that the right and property of and in the said bridge, and of and in the toll-house, gate, and bars and all posts, rails, and fences to be erected, set up, and provided in, upon, or near the said bridge or any of them, and of the materials for the same, should be and were thereby vested in the said commissioners and their successors; and it was thereby further enacted that the said commissioners should, as soon as conveniently might be after a passage should be made over the said intended bridge, cause to be erected and set up a turnpike gate or gates, or toll-gate or gates, at or upon the said bridge, or at or upon some or one of the said roads or avenues leading thereto, belonging to the said commissioners, or any part or parts thereof, and from time to time should and might remove the same turnpike or toll-gate or turnpikes or toll-gates, and erect or set up another turnpike or toll-gate, or other turnpikes or toll-gates, in lieu thereof upon any part of the said bridge or roads, and erect and maintain such toll-houses and other conveniences near or Adjoining to the said turnpike or toll-gate, as the said com-

232 Ch. 46. Blackwater Bridge. 36 & 37 Vict.

missioners should think proper, and that the respective tolls therein specified should be demanded and taken at the turnpike or toll-gate, turnpikes or toll-gates to be erected as aforesaid, in the name of or as a pontage toll or duty; and that it should be lawful to and for the said commissioners to reduce or lessen any of the tolls granted and made payable by " The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828," and also from time to time to advance and raise such tolls, rates, and duties, provided that such tolls should not exceed the tolls thereby authorised and said Commissioners were also, by u The Black-water Bridge Act, 1828," empowered to borrow money at interest upon the credit of said tolls, or to borrow money on debentures of one hundred pounds each, repayable with interest at the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum:

And whereas by indenture of mortgage, bearing date the twenty-eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and thirty, and made between James Ellis Green, Samuel Allen, Benjamin Jackson, and Roger Dartnell, being the major part of the commissioners present that day, who were named and appointed commissioners in and by " The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828," present at a meeting of the said commissioners, held in pursuance of the said Act at Youghal on the said twenty-eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and thirty, of the one part, and John Galloway, secretary to the commissioners appointed under and by virtue of an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled 57 G. 3. c. 84 " An Act to authorise the issue of Exchequer Bills, and the " advance of money out of the Consolidated Fund to a " limited amount for the carrying on of Public Works and " Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the " Poor in Great Britain," and also by virtue of certain other Acts therein referred to, it was witnessed that in consideration of the proposals and agreements therein-before mentioned, and also in consideration of the covenants and agreements thereinafter contained, and of the sum of ten thousand pounds sterling, agreed to be advanced to the said bridge commissioners by the said loan commissioners, and in further consideration of the sum of ten shillings, they the said bridge commissioners granted, bargained, sold, assigned, transferred, and made over unto the said John Galloway, secretary, in trust for the said loan commissioners, all that and those the said bridge, and all and singular the rates, rents, tolls, duties, and profits so authorised to be raised, levied, collected, and paid by virtue of "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828," and all the right, title, and interest of them, said bridge commissioners, to the same; to hold the said bridge, and the rates, rents, tolls, duties, and profits, and all the sums of money payable pursuant to "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828," therein recited, unto the said John Galloway, secretary as aforesaid, his executors, *

Ch. 46.

233

Blackwater Bridge.

administrators, and assigns, for the term of nine hundred and ninety-nine years, upon trust for the said loan commissioners and their successors, subject to the covenant or condition of redemption upon payment of the said sum of ten thousand pounds and interest as therein mentioned:

And whereas the said sum of ten thousand pounds was advanced and paid to the said bridge commissioners and applied in the erection of the said bridge and approaches authorised by " The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828

And whereas the said recited mortgage and all moneys secured thereby were afterwards transferred to and became legally vested in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland:

And whereas there is now due ai}d owing on foot of the said recited mortgage the principal sum of ten thousand pounds, together with interest thereon, which is the first charge on the said bridge and the tolls thereof:

And whereas the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the powers given by " The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828," also raised a further sum of eight thousand three hundred pounds by debentures, which said last-mentioned sum together with an arrear of interest is still due and owing on the security of the tolls of the said bridge:

And whereas an Act was passed in the session of Parliament held in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for 4 & 5 W. 4. " the more effectually providing for the erection of certain c> 6L,

" bridges in Ireland," which Act was amended by another Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the second and third years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An a & 5 Vict " Act to extend and amend the provisions of the Acts for c*60 *

" the extension and promotion of public works in Ireland;

" and for the recovery of public moneys advanced for the " use of counties, parishes, and other districts in Ireland,

" on the faith of grand jury presentments and parochial " assessments:"

And whereas the said Acts were farther amended by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to afford farther facilities for the erection u of certain bridges in Ireland " (which last-mentioned Act is in this Act referred to as " the Bridges Acts provision was made enabling Grand Juries to purchase or take any property in any bridge or ferry, or in the tolls thereof, which might be necessary for the purposes of the said Acts, and for making presentment for the moneys requisite therefor:

And whereas by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the public

234

Ch. 46. Blackwater Bridge. 36 & 37 Vict.

" debt due by the commissioners of the bridge across the River " Blackwater, near the town of Youghal, in the county of Cork," and for the transfer of the said bridge to the Grand Juries " of the counties of Cork and Waterford; and for other " purposes relating thereto/' (in this Act referred to as " The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1867, ") it was enacted that whenever for the purpose of repairing the said bridge, and opening the same free from toll, the Grand Juries of the said counties of Cork and Waterford should, under the provisions of any Act or Acts them in that behalf enabling, proceed to purchase or take the property of the commissioners under the said Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828, or of any other person in the said bridge, and the tolls thereof, and such property should have been purchased or taken subject to the rights of the said Commissioners of Public Works in respect of file said mortgage debt and the interest due on foot thereof secured by the said indenture of the twenty-eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and thirty, it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the said mortgage debt and the interest due on foot thereof at and for the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, and [upon payment of the said sum of two thousand five hundred pounds to the said Commissioners of Public Works the residue of the term of nine hundred and ninety-nine years created by the said indenture should be vested in the said Commissioners of Public Works, upon trust to transfer the said bridge to the said Grand Juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford for the purposes aforesaid, and the passage of the said bridge should be open and free to all persons, carriages, cattle, and animals whatsoever:

And whereas, notwithstanding the provisions of "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1867," the said Grand Juries have not acted in the execution of the Bridges Act, and have not proceeded to repair and open the same toll-free:

And whereas by reason of the insufficiency of the tolls of the said bridge, not only for payment of the interest of the said debts, but also to preserve the said bridge and its approaches in proper repair, the said bridge is in a ruinous and dangerous condition, and consequently the security for the said debts and interest will be wholly lost:

And whereas it would be a great advantage to the public if the said bridge and the approaches thereto were rebuilt or repaired, and the said bridge were opened free from toll, at the joint expense of the said counties of Cork and Waterford, between which the same is situate:

And whereas to facilitate the transfer of the property of the commissioners under "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828/' or of any other person in the said bridge, and the tolls thereof, to the Grand Juries of the said counties of Cork and Waterford, or to some person on their behalf, for the purposes

1873.

Blackwater Bridge.

Ch. 46.

235

aforesaid, it is expedient to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound or otherwise deal with the said mortgage debt, and the interest due on foot thereof, and also to make such provisions in respect of all other debts due by the said Commissioners, under the authority of "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828," as are in this Act contained:

And whereas a Bill is now pending in Parliament, intituled " A Bill to amend an Act passed in the session of Parliament " held in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the " public debt due by the commissioners of the bridge across u ' the River Blackwater, near the town of Youghal, in the " ' county of Cork, and for the transfer of the said bridge to " the Grand Juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford;

" and for other purposes relating thereto/ " the short title of which will be and is herein-after referred to as "The Blackwater Bridge (Composition of Debt) Act, 1873: "

And whereas the objects aforesaid cannot be effected without the authority of Parliament:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1873.' '

2. The Blackwater Bridge (Composition of Debt) Act, 1873, Incorporation

shall be incorporated with and form part of this Act. 0 c

3. Whenever for the purpose of repairing or rebuilding the Valuation of said bridge across the River Blackwater at or near Foxhole bJgePr°-and the town of Youghal, and opening the same free from *

toll, the Grand Juries of the said counties of Cork and Waterford shall, under the provisions of any Act or Acts them in that behalf enabling, proceed to purchase or take the property of the Commissioners under "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828, '' or of any other person in the said bridge, and the tolls thereof, the valuator appointed under the provisions of the Bridges Act, in estimating and awarding the value of such property and the purchase money and compensation to be paid for the same, shall proceed as follows: he shall estimate the value of the materials of which the said bridge, and the toll-house, gate, bars, and all posts, rails, and fences appertaining to the same, are composed, and he shall set forth in his award the price to be paid for the said materials, and such price as stated in such award, or if such award is appealed against under the provisions of the Bridges Act such price as is awarded on such appeal shall, for the purposes of the Bridges Act and of

Ch. 46, 47.

Blackwater Bridge.

36 & 37 Vict.

Payment of

purchase

money.

Application of balance of purchase money.

this Act, be deemed to be and shall be the amount to be paid as the price and compensation for the purchase and taking of such property as aforesaid.

4. The amount so ascertained and awarded shall be paid in the manner provided by the Bridges Act with respect to the purchase money or compensation coming to parties having limited interests, or prevented from treating or not making title, and in payment of such money regard shall be had to the priority of the said mortgagees.

5. When the amount payable under this Act to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury has been paid, the balance (if any) remaining after such payment shall be divided rateably amongst the several persons to whom any mortgages, debentures, or debts are due by the said commissioners under the authority of "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828.v

Transfer of 6. When the amount so ascertained and awarded has been bridge property, by this Act directed, all mortgages, debentures, and

debts then due by the commissioners under the authority of "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828/' shall be extinguished and the residue of the term of nine hundred and ninety-nine years created by the said indenture of the twenty-eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight shall be vested in the said Commissioners of Public Works upon trust to transfer the said bridge and all works appurtenant thereto, and all property vested in the commissioners under the Bridge Act, 1828, to the said Grand Juries of the said counties of Cork and Waterford for the purposes aforesaid; and the passage of the said bridge when constructed and completed shall be open and free to all persons, carriages, cattle, and animals whatsoever.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the public debt " due by the Commissioners of the bridge across " the River Blackwater, near the town of Youghal," in the county of Cork, and for the transfer of the said bridge to the Grand Juries of the counties " of Cork and Waterford; and for other purposes " relating thereto." [21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign 30 & si Vict. of Her present Majesty, intituled "An Act to authorise the

1873. Blackwater Bridge (Composition of Debt). Ch. 47 *

" Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the " public debt due by the Commissioners of the bridge across " the River Blackwater, near the town of Youghal, in the " county of Cork, and for the transfer of the said bridge to " the Grand Juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford," and for other purposes relating thereto/' it was enacted (amongst other things), that whenever for the purpose of repairing the said bridge and opening the same free from toll the Grand Juries of the said counties of Cork and Waterford should, under the provisions of any Act or Acts then in that behalf enabling, proceed to purchase or take the property of the Commissioners under the said Blackwater Bridge Act, 1828, or of any other person in the said bridge, and the tolls thereof, and such property should have been purchased or taken, subject to the rights of the said Commissioners of Public Works in respect of the said mortgage debt and the interest due on foot thereof, secured by the said indenture of the twenty-eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and thirty, it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the said mortgage debt and the interest due on foot thereof, at and for the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds; and upon payment of the said sum of two thousand five hundred pounds to the said Commissioners of Public Works the residue of the term of nine hundred and ninety-nine years created by the said indenture should be vested in the said Commissioners of Public Works upon trust to transfer the said bridge to the said Grand Juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford for the purposes aforesaid, tod the passage of the said bridge should be open and free to all persons, carriages, cattle, and animals whatsoever s

And whereas notwithstanding the provisions of "The Blackwater Bridge Act, 1867," the said Grand Juries have not acted in the execution of the Bridges Act, and have not proceeded to repair and open the same toll-free:

And whereas by reason of the insufficiency of the tolls of the said bridge, not only for payment of the interest of the said debts but also to preserve the said bridge and its approaches in proper repair, the said bridge is in a ruinous and dangerous condition, and consequently the security for the said debts and interest Will be wholly lost:

And whereas it would be a great advantage to the public if the said bridge and the approaches thereto were, rebuilt or repaired, and the said bridge were opened free from toll at the joint expense of the said counties of Cork and Waterford between which the same is situate:

And whereas a Bill is now pending in Parliament, intituled " A Bill to afford facilities for the transfer to the Grand Juries " of the counties of Cork and Waterford of the bridge across the River Blackwater, near the town of Youghal, and for

238

Ch. 47, 48. BlackwaterBdge. (Compo ). 36 & 37 Vict.

Power to the Treasury to compound mortgage debt.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Definitions.

" other purposes relating thereto/1 by which Bill it is intended to amend the Bridges Act, and to facilitate the transfer of the said property to the said Grand Juries, or to some person on their behalf, for the purposes aforesaid:

And whereas, in case the said Bill shall pass into a law, it is expedient to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the said mortgage debt, and the interest due on foot thereof, in the manner by this Act provided:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same:

1. That in case the said Bill shall pass into a law, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, after due inquiry, to compound the said mortgage debt, and the interest due thereon, for 'such sum, and upon such terms and conditions as to them shall seem fit, and the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may discharge the said mortgage debt and all interest due on foot thereof.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to make better provision for carrying into effect the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[21st July 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Regulation of Railways Act,

1873.

2. This Act shall, except as herein is otherwise expressly provided, come into operation on the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, which date is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

3. In this Act —

The term "railway company " includes any person being the owner or lessee of or working any railway in the United Kingdom constructed or carried on under the powers of any Act of Parliament:

1873.

Railway cmd Canal Traffic.

Ch. 48.

239

The term "canal company" includes any person being the owner or lessee of, or working, or entitled to charge tolls for the use of any canal in the United Kingdom constructed or carried on under the powers of any Act of Parliament:

The term "person " includes a body of persons corporate or unincorporate:

The term "railway " includes every station, siding, wharf, or dock of or belonging to such railway and used for the purposes of public traffic:

The term "canal " includes any navigation which has been made under or upon which tolls may be levied by authority of Parliament, and also the wharves and landing-places of and belonging to such canal or navigation, and used for the purposes of public traffic: The term "traffic" includes not only passengers and their luggage, goods, animals, and other things conveyed by any railway company or canal company, but also carriages, waggons, trucks, boats, and vehicles of every description adapted for running or passing on the railway or canal of any such company:

The term "mails" includes mail bags and post-letter bags:

The term "special Act" means a local or local and personal Act, or an Act of a local and personal nature, and includes a Provisional Order of the Board of Trade confirmed by Act of Parliament, and a certificate granted by the Board of Trade under the Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864:

The term "the Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being:

The term "superior court" means in England any of Her Majesty's'Superior Courts at Westminster, in Ireland any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Dublin, and in Scotland the Court of Session.

Appointment and Duties of Railway Commissioners.

4. For the purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, and of this Act, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, at any time after the passing of this Act, by warrant under the royal sign manual, to appoint not more than three Commissioners of whom one shall be of experience in the law, and one of experience in jrailway business, and not more than two Assistant Commissioners, and upon the occurrence of any vacancy in the office of any such Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner from time to time in like manner to appoint some fit person to fill the vacancy. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, if he think fit, to remove for inability or misbehaviour any Commissioner appointed in pursuance of this Act.

Appointment of railway commissioners.

Ch. 48.

Commissioners not to be interested in railway or canal stock.

Transfer to Commissioners of jurisdiction under 17 & 18 Vict. c. 81.8.3.

Railway and Canal Traffic. 36 & 37 Vict.

The three Commissioners appointed under this Act (and in this Act referred to as the Commissioners) shall be styled the Railway Commissioners, and shall have an official seal which shall be judicially noticed. They may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their number. The said Assistant Commissioners shall hold office during the pleasure of Her Majesty.

5. Any person appointed a Commissioner under this Act shall within three calendar months after his appointment absolutely sell and dispose of any stock, share, debenture stock, debenture bond, or other security of any railway or canal company in the United Kingdom which he shall at the time of his appointment own or be interested in for his own benefit; and it shall not be lawful for any person appointed a Commissioner under this Act, so long as he shall hold office as such Commissioner, to purchase, take, or become interested in for his own benefit any such stock, share, debenture stock, debenture bond, or other security; and if any such stock, share, ' debenture stock, debenture bond, or other security, or any interest therein, shall come to or vest in such Commissioner by will or succession, for his own benefit, he shall within three calendar months after the same shall so come to or vest in him absolutely sell and dispose of the same or his interest therein.

It shall not be lawful for the Commissioners, except by consent of the parties to the proceedings, to exercise any jurisdiction by this Act conferred upon them in any case in which they shall be, directly or indirectly, interested in the matter in question.

The Commissioners shall devote the whole of their time to the performance of their duties under this Act, and shall not accept or hold any office or employment inconsistent with this provision.

6. Any person complaining of anything done or of any omission made in violation or contravention of section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, or of section sixteen of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1868, or of this Act, or of any enactment amending or applying the said enactments respectively, may apply to the Commissioners, and upon the certificate of the Board of Trade alleging any such violation or contravention any person appointed by the Board of Trade in that behalf may in like manner apply to the Commissioners; and for the purpose of enabling the Commissioners to hear and determine the matter of any such complaint, they shall have and may exercise all the jurisdiction conferred by section three of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, on the several courts and judges empowered to hear and determine complaints under that Act; and may make orders of like nature with the writs and orders authorised to be issued and made by the said courts and judges; and the

1873.

Railway and Canal Traffic.

Ch. 48.

241

said courts and judges shall, except for the purpose of enforcing any decision or order of the Commissioners, cease to exercise the jurisdiction conferred on them by that section.

7. Where the Commissioners have received any complaint Power for alleging the infringement by a railway company or canal Commissioners company of the provisions of any enactment in respect of

which the Commissioners have jurisdiction, they may, if they plain alleged think fit, before requiring or permitting any formal proceedings Eolation of to be taken on such complaint, communicate the same to w" the company against whom it is made, so as to afford them an opportunity of making such observations thereon as they may think fit.

8. Where any difference between railway companies or Differences be-between canal companies, or between a railway company and tween railway

t i . i /» A i and canal com-

a canal company, is, under the provisions of any general or panieg to special Act passed either before or after the passing of this referred to Act, required or authorised toi>e referred to arbitration, such Commissioners, difference shall at the instance of any company party to the difference and with the consent of the Commissioners be referred to the Commissioners for their decision in lieu of being referred to arbitration: Provided that the power of compelling a reference to the Commissioners in this section contained shall not apply to any case in which any arbitrator has in any general or special Act been designated by his name or by the name of his office, or in which, a standing arbitrator having been appointed under any general or special Act, the Commissioners are of opinion that the difference in question may more conveniently be referred to him.

9. Any difference to which a railway company or canal Power to refer company is a party may, on the application of the parties to differences to the difference, and with the assent of the Commissioners, be Commissioners* referred to them for their decision.

10. The following powers and duties of the Board of Trade Transfer to

shall be transferred to the Commissioners: namely, Commissioner *

__ "9 of certain

(].) The powers of the Board of Trade under Part III. of powers and the Railway Clauses Act, 1863, or under any special duties of the Act, with respect to the approval of working agree- BoapdofTrade* ments between railway companies; and, 27 Vict '

(2.) The powers and duties of the Board of Trade under section thirty-five of the Railway Clauses Act, 1863, with respect to the exercise by railway companies of their powers in relation to steam' vessels:

And the provisions of the said Acts conferring such powers or imposing such duties, or otherwise referring to such powers or duties, shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, be read as if the Commissioners were therein named instead of the Board of Trade.

Railway and Canal Traffic. 36 & 37 Vict.

Explanation of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 81. s.2. as to through traffic.

Eocplanation and Amendment of Law.

11. Whereas by section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, it is enacted that every railway company and canal company and railway and canal company shall, according to their respective powers, afford all reasonable facilities for the receiving and forwarding and delivering of traffic upon and from the several railways and canals belonging to or worked by such companies respectively, and for the return of carriages, trucks, boats, and other vehicles; and that no such company shall make or give any undue or unreasonable preference or advantage to or in favour of any particular person or company, or any particular description of traffic, in any respect whatsoever, or shall subject any particular person or company, or any particular description of traffic, to any undue or unreasonable prejudice or disadvantage in any respect whatsoever; and that every railway company and canal company aiyl railway and canal company having or working railways or canals which form part of a continuous line of railway, or canal or railway and canal communication, or which have the terminus station or wharf of the one near the terminus station or wharf of the other, shall afford all due and reasonable facilities for receiving and forwarding by one of such railways or canals all the traffic arriving by the other, without any unreasonable delay, and without any such preference or advantage or prejudice or disadvantage as aforesaid, and so that no obstruction may be offered to the public desirous of using such railways or canals or railways and canals as a continuous line of communication, and so that all reasonable accommodation may by means of the railways and canals of the several companies be at all times afforded to the public in that behalf:

And whereas it is expedient to explain and amend the said enactment: Be it therefore enacted, that —

Subject as herein-after mentioned, the said facilities to be so afforded are hereby declared to and shall include the due and reasonable receiving, forwarding, and delivering by every railway company and canal company and railway and canal company, at the request of any other such company, of through traffic to and from the railway or canal of any other such company at through rates, tolls, or fares (in this Act referred to as through rates).

Provided as follows:

(1.) The company requiring the traffic to be forwarded shall give written notice of the proposed through rate to each forwarding company, stating both its amount and its apportionment, and the route by which the traffic is proposed to be forwarded:

Railway and Canal Traffic.

Ch. 48.

243

(2.) Each forwarding company shall, within the prescribed period after the receipt of such notice, by written notice inform the company requiring the traffic to be forwarded whether they agree to the rate and route; and, if they object to either, the grounds of the objection:

(3.) If at the expiration of the prescribed period no such objection has been sent by any forwarding company, the rate shall come into operation at such expiration: (4.) If an objection to the rate or route has been sent within the prescribed period, the matter shall be referred to the Commissioners for their decision:

(5.) If an objection be made to the granting of the rate or to the route, the Commissioners shall consider whether the granting of the rate is a due and reasonable facility in the interest of the public, and whether, having regard to the circumstances, the route proposed is a reasonable route, and shall allow or refuse the rate accordingly:

(6.) If the objection be only to the apportionment of the rate, the rate shall come into operation at the expiration of the prescribed period, but the decision of the Commissioners as to its apportionment shall be retrospective; in any other case the operation of the rate shall be suspended until the decision is given:

(7.) The Commissioners in apportioning the through rate shall take into consideration all the circumstances of the case, including any special expense incurred in respect of the construction, maintenance, or working of the route, or any part of the route, as well as any special charges which any company may have been entitled to make in respect thereof:

(8.) It shall not be lawful for the Commissioners in any case to compel any company to accept lower mileage rates than the mileage rates which such company may for the time being legally, be charging for like traffic carried by a like mode of transit on any other line of communication between the same points, being the points of departure and arrival of the through route:

(9.) The prescribed period mentioned in this section shall be ten days, or such longer period as the Commissioners may from time to time by general order prescribe.

Where a railway company or canal company use, maintain, or work, or are party to an arrangement for using, maintaining, or working steam vessels for the purpose of carrying on a communication between any towns or ports, the provisions of

244

Powers of Commissioners as to through rates.

Provision for complaints by public authority in certain cases.

Publication of rates.

Ch. 48. Railway and Canal Traffic. 36 & 37 Vict.

this section shall extend to such steam vessels, and to the traffic carried thereby.

12. Subject to the provisions in the last preceding section contained, the Commissioners shall have full power to decide that any proposed through rate is due and reasonable, notwithstanding that a less amount may be allotted to any forwarding company out of such through rate than the maximum rate such company is entitled to charge, and to allow and apportion such through rate accordingly.

13. A complaint of a contravention of section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, as amended by this Act, may be made to the Commissioners by a municipal or other public corporation, local or harbour board, without proof that the complainants are aggrieved by the contravention: Provided that a complaint shall not be entertained by the Commissioners in pursuance of this section unless such complaint is accompanied by a certificate of the Board of Trade to the effect that in their opinion the case in respect of which the complaint is made is a proper one to be submitted for adjudication to the Commissioners by such municipal or other public corporation, local or harbour board.

14. Every railway company and canal company shall keep at each of their stations and wharves a book or books showing every rate for the time being charged for the carriage of traffic, other than passengers and their luggage, from that station or wharf to any place to which they book, including any rates charged under any special contract, and stating the distance from that station or wharf of every station, wharf, siding, or place to which any such rate is charged.

Every such book shall during all reasonable hours be open to the inspection of any person without the payment of any fee.

The Commissioners may from time to time, on the application of any person interested, make orders with respect to any particular description of traffic, requiring a railway company or canal company to distinguish in such book how much of each rate is for the conveyance of the traffic on the railway or canal, including therein tolls for the use of the railway or canal, for the use of carriages or vessels, or for locomotive power, and how much is for other expenses, specifying the nature and detail of such other expenses.

Any company failing to comply with the provisions of this section shall for each offence, and in the case of a continuing offence, for every day during which the offence continues, be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and such penalty shall be recovered and applied in the same manner as penalties imposed by the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, (as

1873. Railway amd Canal Traffic. Ch. 48. 245

the case may require,) are for the time being recoverable and applicable.

15. The Commissioners shall have power to hear and de- Power to Com-termine any question or dispute which may arise with respect nriMioners to to the terminal charges of any railway company, where such charges.ma charges have not been fixed by any Act of Parliament, and to decide what is a reasonable sum to be paid to any company for loading and unloading, covering collection, delivery, and other services of a like nature; any decision of the Commissioners under this section shall be binding on all courts and in all legal proceedings whatsoever.

10. No railway company or canal company, unless expressly Arrangements authorised thereto by any Act passed before the passing of between rail; this Act, shall, without the sanction of the Commissioners, to cMaf^ 63 be signified in such manner as they may by general order or companies, otherwise direct, enter into any agreement whereby any control over or right to interfere in or concerning the traffic carried or rates or tolls levied on any part of a canal is given to the railway company, or any persons managing or connected with the management of any railway; and any such agreement made after the commencement of this Act without such sanction shall be void.

The Commissioners shall withhold their sanction from any such agreement which is in their opinion prejudicial to the interests of the public.

Not less than one month before any such agreement is so sanctioned, copies of the intended agreement certified under the hand of the secretary of the railway company or one of the railway companies party or parties thereto, shall be deposited for public inspection at the office of the Commissioners, and also at the office of the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or division in England or Ireland, in which the head office of any canal company party to the agreement is situate, and at the office of the principal sheriff clerk of every such county in Scotland, and notice of the intended agreement setting forth the parties between whom or on whose behalf the same is intended to be made, and such further particulars with respect thereto as the Commissioners may require, shall be given by advertisement in the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, according as the head office of any canal company party to the agreement is situate in England, Scotland, or Ireland, and shall be sent to the secretary or principal officer of every canal company any of whose canals communicates with the canal of any company party to the agreement; and shall be published in such other way, if any, as the Commissioners for the purpose of giving notice to all parties interested therein by order direct

17. Every railway company owning or having the manage- Maintenance of ment of any canal or part of a canal shall at all times keep canals bJ ni}-

vo companies-

246

Ch. 48.

Railway and Canal Traffic, 86 & 37 Vict.

and maintain such canal or part, and all the reservoirs, works, and conveniences thereto belonging, thoroughly repaired and dredged and in good working condition, and shall preserve the supplies of water to the same, so that the whole of such canal or part may be at all times kept open and navigable for the use of all persons desirous to use and navigate the same without any unnecessary hindrance, interruption, or delay.

Conveyance of Mails,

Conveyance of 18. Every railway company shall convey by any train all "uk* such mails as may be tendered for conveyance by such train,

whether such mails be under the charge of a guard appointed by the Postmaster General or not, and notwithstanding that no notice in writing requiring mails to be conveyed by such train has been given to the company by the Postmaster General.

Every railway company shall afford all reasonable facilities for the receipt and delivery of mails at any of their stations without requiring them to be booked or interposing any other delay.

Where the mails are in charge of a guard appointed by the Postmaster General, every railway company shall permit such guard, if he think fit, to receive and deliver them at any station by himself or his assistants, rendering him nevertheless such aid as he may require.

Remuneration 19. Every railway company shall be entitled to reasonable ofrmSlJeyanCe renruneration for any services performed by them in pursuance of this Act with respect to the conveyance of mails, and such remuneration shall be paid by the Postmaster General.

Any difference between the Postmaster General and any railway company as to the amount of such remuneration, or as to any other question arising under this Act, shall be decided by arbitration, in manner provided by the Act of the session of the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-eight, or, at the option of such railway company by the Commissioners.

Conveyance of 20. Where a railway company use, maintain, or work, or ^sselfl0118tCam are Party any arrangement for using, maintaining, or working steam vessels for the purpose of carrying on a communication between any towns or ports, all provisions contained in any Act with respect to the conveyance of mails by railways shall, so far as they are applicable to the conveyance of mails by steam vessels, extend to the steam vessels so used, maintained, or worked.

Regulations as to Commissioners,

Assistant 21. The Assistant Commissioners shall be subject to the Commissioners, orders of the Commissioners, and shall make such inquiries and reports, and perform such other acts and services as the

Railway and Canal Traffic.

Ch. 4?8

247

Commissioners may direct; and it shall be lawful for such Assistant Commissioners, or either of them, to undertake such arbitration under the Act as the Commissioners with the consent of the parties to such arbitration may direct; and the said Assistant Commissioners for the purposes of such inquiries, reports, and arbitrations shall have and may exercise all powers of entry, inspection, summoning and examining witnesses, requiring the production of documents, and administering an oath by this Act conferred upon the Commissioners.

22. There shall be paid to each of the Commissioners such Salary of salary, not exceeding three thousand pounds a year, and to Commissioners, each Assistant Commissioner such salary not exceeding fifteen

hundred pounds a year, as the Treasury determine.

The salaries and expenses of the Commissioners and of their officers and of the Assistant Commissioners shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

23. The Commissioners may from time to time, in the Assessors, exercise of any jurisdiction in this Act conferred on them,

with the consent of the Treasury, call in the aid of one or more assessors, who shall be persons of engineering or other technical knowledge. There shall be paid to such assessors such remuneration as the Treasury, upon the recommendation of the Commissioners, may direct.

24. The Commissioners may from time to time appoint Appointment such officers and clerks with such salaries as the Commissioners of officers, with the sanction of the Treasury, think fit.

25. For the purposes of this Act the Commissioners shall, Powers of subject as in this Act mentioned, have full power to decide all Commissioners, questions whether of law or of fact, and shall also have the following powers; that is to say,

(a.) They may, by themselves or by any person appointed by them to prosecute an inquiry, enter and inspect any place or building, being the property or under the control of any railway or canal company, the entry or inspection of which appears to them requisite;

(b.) They may require the attendance of all such persons as they think fit to call before them and examine, and may require answers or returns to such inquiries as they think fit to make;

(c.) They may require the production of all books, papers, and documents relating to the matters before them;

(<#.) They may administer an oath;

(e.) They may when sitting in open court punish for contempt in like manner as if they were a court of record.

Every person required by the Commissioners to attend as a witness shall be allowed such expenses as would be allowed to a witness attending on subpoena before a court of record; and in case of dispute as to the amount to be allowed, the

248

Ch. 48.

Railway and Canal Traffic. 36 & 37 Vict.

Orders of Commissioners.

Sittings of Commissioners.

same shall be referred to a master of one of the superior courts, who, on request, under the hands of the Commissioners, shall ascertain and certify the proper amount of such expenses.

20. Any decision or any order made by the Commissioners for the purpose of carrying into effect any of the provisions of this Act may be made a rule or order of any superior court, and shall be enforced either in the manner directed by section three of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, as to the writs and orders therein mentioned, or in like manner as any rule or order of such court.

For the purpose of carrying into effect this section, general rules and orders may be made by any superior court iD the same manner as general rules and orders may be made with respect to any other proceedings in such court.

The Commissioners may review and rescind or vary any decision or order previously made by them or any of them.

The Commissioners shall, in all proceedings before them under sections 6, 11, 12, and 13 of this Act, and may, if they think fit, in all other proceedings before them under this Act, at the instance of any party to the proceedings before them, and upon such security being given by the appellant as the Commissioners may direct, state a case in writing for the opinion of any superior court determined by the Commissioners upon any question which in the opinion of the Commissioners is a question of law.

The court to which the case is transmitted shall hear and determine the question or questions of law arising thereon, and shall thereupon reverse, affirm, or amend the determination in respect of which the case has been stated, or remit the matter to the Commissioners with the opinion of the court thereon, or may make such other order in relation to the matter, and may make such order as to costs, as to the court may seem fit, and all such orders shall be final and conclusive on all parties: Provided that the Commissioners shall not be liable to any costs in respect or by reason of any such appeal.

The operation of any decision or order made by the Commissioners shall not be stayed pending the decision of any such appeal, unless the Commissioners shall otherwise order.

Save as aforesaid, every decision and order of the Commissioners shall be final.

27. The Commissioners shall sit at such times and in such places and conduct their proceedings in such manner as may seem to them most convenient for the speedy despatch of business; they may, subject as in this Act mentioned, sit either together or separately, and either in private or in open court, but any complaint made to them shall, on the application of any party to the complaint, be heard and determined in open court.

1873.

Railway cmd Canal Traffic.

Ch. 48.

24y

28. The costs of and incidental to any proceeding before the Costs. Commissioners shall be in the discretion of the Commissioners.

29. The Commissioners may at any time after the passing Power of Coin-of this Act and from time to time make such general orders

as may be requisite for the regulation of proceedings before orders^"6 them, including applications for and the stating of cases for appeal, and also for prescribing, directing, or regulating any matter which they are authorised by this Act to prescribe, direct, or regulate by general order, and also for enabling the Commissioners in cases to be specified in such general orders to exercise their jurisdiction by any one or two of their number:

Provided that any person aggrieved by any decision or order made in any case so specified may require a re-hearing by all the Commissioners; they may further make regulations for enabling them to carry into effect the provisions of this Act, and may from time to time revoke and alter any general orders or regulations made in pursuance of this Act. Every general order, and every alteration in a general order, made in pursuance of this section shall be submitted to the Lord Chancellor for approval, and shall not come into force until it shall be approved by him.

Every general order purporting to be made in pursuance of this Act shall, immediately after the making thereof, be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, within seven days after the then next meeting of Parliament, and if either House of Parliament by a resolution passed within two months after such general order has been so laid before the said House, resolve that the whole or any part of such general order ought not to continue in force, the same shall after the date of such resolution cease to be of any force, without prejudice nevertheless to the making of any other general order in its place, or to anything done in pursuance of such general order before the date of such resolution; but, subject as aforesaid, every general order purporting to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to have been duly made and within the powers of this Act, and shall have effect as if it had been

enacted in this Act.

30. Every document purporting to be signed by the Com- Evidence of missioners, or any one of them, shall be received in evidence documents, without proof of such signature, and until the contrary is proved shall be deemed to have been so signed and to have been duly executed or issued by the Commissioners.

31. The Commissioners shall, once in every year, make a Commissioner *

report to Her Majesty of their proceedings under this Act annunI

during the past year, and such report shall be laid before

both Houses of Parliament within fourteen days after the making thereof if Parliament is then sitting, and, if not, then within fourteen days after the next meeting of Parliament.

Ch. 48.

Railway and Canal Traffic. 36 & 37 Vict.

Determination of fees.

Collection of

fpAC

29 & 30 Vict. c. 76.

Taxation of

costs.

Notices how to he given.

Application of Act to Scotland.

Duration of office and powers of Commissioners.

Miscellaneous.

32. The Commissioners may, at any time after the passing of this Act, by general order, with the concurrence of the Treasury, appoint the fees to be taken in relation to proceedings before them, and may from time to time, by general order, with the like concurrence, increase, reduce, or abolish all or any of such fees, and appoint new fees to be taken in relation to such proceedings.

33. The Public Offices Fees Act, 1866, shall apply to all fees taken in relation to any proceedings before the Commissioners.

Any fee or payment in the nature or lieu of a fee paid in respect of any proceedings before the Commissioners and collected otherwise than by means of stamps, shall be paid into the receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in such manner as the Treasury from time to time direct, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

34. The costs, charges, and expenses of and incidental to any proceedings before the Commissioners which are incurred by any person, shall, if required, be taxed in the same manner and by the same persons as if such proceedings were proceedings in a superior court.

35. Any notice required or authorised to be given under this Act may be in writing or in print, or partly in writing and partly in print, and may be sent by post, and if sent by post shall be deemed to have been received at the time when the letter containing the same would have been delivered in the ordinary course of the post; and in proving such sending it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notice was prepaid and properly addressed and put into a post office.

36. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

(1.) The term "attending on subpoena before a Court of Record" means attending on citation the Court of Justiciary:

(2.) The Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer shall perform the duties of a master of one of the superior courts under this Act.

Temporary Provisions.

37. This Act shall continue in force for five years next after the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the end of the then next session of Parliament, but the expiration of this Act shall not affect the validity of anything done before such expiration.

1873.

Public Works Loam, Commissioners.

Ch. 49.

251

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to authorise Advances to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for enabling them to make Loans to School Boards in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and to Sanitary Authorities in pursuance of the Public Health Act,

1872.

[21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS by section fifty-seven of the Elementary Edu- 33 & 34 Via:.

* cation Act, 1870, it is provided that where a school c* 75, s*5'* board incur any expense in providing or enlarging a school house they may, with the consent of the Education Department, spread the payment over several years, not exceeding fifty, and may for that purpose borrow money on the security of the school fund and local rate, and may charge that fund and the local rate with the payment of the principal and interest due in respect of the loan:

And it is by the same section further provided tjiat the Public Works Loan Commissioners may, on the recommendation of the Education Department, lend any money required under the said fifty-seventh section on the security of the school fund and local rate without requiring any further or other security, such loan to be repaid within a period not exceeding fifty years, and to bear interest at the rate of three and a half per cent, per annum:

And whereas by section forty-four of the Public Health 35 & 36 Vict Act, 1872, the Public Works Loan Commissioners are autho- c-79, rised, on the recommendation of the Local Government Board, to make any loans to any sanitary authority in pursuance of any powers of borrowing conferred by the Sanitary Acts, whether for works already executed or yet to be executed, and such loan to be repaid within a period not exceeding thirty or fifty years, as provided by those Acts, and to bear interest at the rate of three and a half per centum per annum, or such other rates as may in the judgment of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury be necessary, in order to enable the loan to be made without loss to the Exchequer on the security of any fund or rate applicable to sanitary purposes, and without requiring any further or other security:

And whereas it is expedient to authorise such advances as herein-after mentioned for the purposes of loans to school boards, under section fifty-seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1870 (in this Act referred to as school loans), and of loans to sanitary authorities under section forty-four of the Public Health Act, 1872 (in this Act referred to as sanitary loans):

252 Ch. 49. Public Works Loan Commissioners. 36 & 37 Vict.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Public Works Loan Act, 1872."

Tower to issue 2. The Treasury may from time to time cause to be charged of the^onsoS- upon issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United dated Fund for Kingdom, or of the growing produce thereof, any sums of school and money not exceeding in the whole one million five hundred

sanitary loans, thousand pounds sterling for the purpose of school loans, and not exceeding one million five hundred thousand pounds for the purpose of sanitary loans.

Moneys so 3. All moneys issued out of the Consolidated Fund in issued to be ap- pursuance of this Act shall be placed to the account at the sive? ^school Bank of England of the Commissioners for the Reduction of and sanitary the National Debt, and shall be at the disposal of the Public loans. Works Loan Commissioners, to be applied by them exclusively

to the purposes of school loans and sanitary loans, as the case may be; and all enactments for the time being in force for the regulation of the Public Works Loan Commissioners, or the moneys at their disposal or their securities, and the proceedings thereon, shall, so far as such enactments are consistent with this Act, apply in the case of the moneys issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act.

Tower to raise 4. For the purpose of raising money to meet any sum to money for is- be issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this

Slace ksuesTut or reP^ace any sum which has been so issued, or any

of the Consoli- portion thereof, the Treasury may from time to time, as they dated Fund. think fit, raise any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole three million pounds, by the issue of Exchequer bonds or Exchequer bills, or by otherwise borrowing the same on the credit of the charge created by this Act on the Consolidated Fund, or by all of such means, and the sums so raised shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and form part of the Consolidated Fund: Provided that the amount raised in pursuance of this section in any one financial year shall not exceed the total amount of the sums issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of this Act during that year.

The principal moneys borrowed in pursuance of this section (otherwise than by the issue of Exchequer bonds), and all interest from time to time due thereon, or on Exchequer bonds issued under this section (not exceeding the rate of four per cent, per annum) shall be charged upon and be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or out of the growing produce thereof.

Public Ww'ls Loan Commissioners. Ch. 49, 50.

253

The principal moneys of any Exchequer bonds issued under this section shall be paid out of such moneys as shall be provided by Parliament for that purpose.

5. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Investment by Debt may from time to time invest any moneys in their hands Conun^sionei^ available for investment in Government securities in any of in securities the securities created under the authority of this Act. Act.

0. In this Act, — Interpretation.

The term the " Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

The term "financial year" means the year ending the thirty-first day of March.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to afford further facilities for the Conveyance of Land for Sites for Places of Religious Worship and for Burial Places.

[21st July 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to afford greater facilities for granting sites for buildings for religious worship and for burial places in England and Wales:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any person or persons being seised or entitled in fee Landlords em-simple, fee tail, or for life or lives of or to any manor or lands Jonv^land to of freehold tenure, and having the beneficial interest therein, be used as sites and being in possession for the time being, may grant, convey, for places of or enfranchise by way of gift, sale, or exchange in fee simple, or for any term of years, any quantity not exceeding one the minister, acre of such land, not being part of a demesne or pleasure ground attached to any mansion house, as a site for a church, chapel, meeting house, or other place of divine worship, or for the residence of a minister officiating in such place of worship or in any place of worship within one mile of such site, or for a burial place, or any number of such sites, provided that each such site does not exceed the extent of one acre: Provided If lands cease also, that no such grant, conveyance, or enfranchisement made used fo* f by any person seised or entitled only for life or lives of or to the any such manor or lands shall be valid unless the person to revert, next entitled to the same for a beneficial interest in remainder in fee simple or fee tail (if legally competent) shall be a party

254

Ch. 50. Sites for Places of Religious Worship. 36 & 37 Vict.

to and join in the same, or if such person be a minor, or married woman, or lunatic, unless the guardian, husband, or committee of such person respectively shall in like manner concur: Provided also, that in case the said land so granted, conveyed, or enfranchised as aforesaid, or any part thereof, shall at any time be used for any purpose other than as a site for such place of worship or residence, or burial place, or in the case of a place of worship or residence, shall cease for a year at one time to be used as such place of worship or residence, the same shall thereupon revert to and become a portion of the lands from which the same was severed, as fully to all intents and purposes as if this Act had not been passed, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. The provisions herein-before contained with respect to any manor or lands of freehold tenure shall' apply to lands of copyhold or customary tenure, but so, nevertheless, that the provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to copyhold lands (being sections 95, 96, 97, and 98 of such Act) shall for the purposes of this enactment be incorporated with this Act.

As to payment 2. The purchase money or enfranchisement money or money mone^&r rece*ve(^ for equality of exchange on any such sale,

money, c. enfranchisement, or exchange shall, if such sale, enfranchisement, or exchange be made by any person or persons seised or entitled in fee simple or fee tail, be paid to the person or persons making such sale, enfranchisement, or exchange, but if such sale, enfranchisement, or exchange be made by any person or persons seised or entitled for life or lives only, then such purchase money, or enfranchisement money, or money to be received for equality of exchange, shall be paid to the existing trustees or trustee (if any) of the instrument under which such person or persons is or are so seised or entitled, to be held by them upon the trusts upon which the land conveyed for such site was held, or if there be ho such existing trustees or trustee to two or more trustees to be nominated in writing by the person or persons making such sale, enfranchisement, or exchange; and the receipt of any person or persons to whom such money is hereby directed to be paid shall effectually discharge the person or persons paying such purchase or enfranchisement money or money for equality of exchange therefrom, and from all liability in respect of the application thereof; and the trustees so to be nominated as aforesaid shall invest such purchase or enfranchisement money or money to be received for equality of exchange in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments to be settled to the same uses and trusts as the land conveyed for such site should have stood limited to; and until such investment, such purchase or enfranchisement money or money to be received for

1873. Sites for Places of Religious Worship. Ch. 50. 255

equality of exchange shall be invested upon such securities or investments as would for the time being be authorised by statute or by the Court of Chancery, and for the purposes of devolution and enjoyment shall be treated as land subject to the same uses and trusts as the land conveyed for such site should have stood limited to.

3. Where any person or persons is or are equitably entitled Persons under to any manor or lands, but the legal estate therein shall be in

some trustee or trustees, it shall be sufficient for such person convey lands or persons to convey or otherwise assure the same for the for the purposes purposes of this Act without the trustee or trustees being of the Act party or parties to the conveyance or other assurance thereof* and where any married woman shall be seised or possessed of or entitled to any estate or interest, manorial or otherwise, in land proposed to be conveyed or otherwise assured for the purposes of this Act, she and her husband majr convey, or otherwise assure the same, for such purposes by deed without any acknowledgment thereof; and where it is deemed expedient to purchase any land for the purposes aforesaid belonging to or vested in any infant, or lunatic, such land may be conveyed or otherwise assured by the guardian of such infant or the committee of such lunatic respectively, who may receive the purchase money for the same, and give valid and sufficient discharges to the party paying such purchase money, who shall not be required to see to the application thereof; and in every such case respectively the legal estate shall, by such conveyance or other assurance, vest in the trustees of such place of worship or residence; and if any land taken under this Act be subject to any rent, and part only of the land subject to any such rent be required to be taken for the purposes of this Act, the apportionment of such rent may be settled by agreement between the owner of such rent and the person or persons to whom the land is conveyed; and if such apportionment be not so settled by agreement, then the same shall be settled by two justices as provided in "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," section 11 9:

Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall prejudice* or affect the right of any person or persons entitled to any charge or incumbrance on such land.

4. All gifts, grants, conveyances, assurances, and leases of Form of grants, any site for a place of worship, or the residence of a minister, &c *

under the provisions of this Act, in respect of any land, messuages, or buildings may be made according to the form following, or as near thereto as the circumstances of the case will admit; (that is to say,)

' T [or We] under the authority of an Act passed in the

JL thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled "An Act to afford further facilities

" for the conveyance of land for sites for places of religious

256 Ch. 50. Sites for Places of Religious Worship. 36 & 37 Vict.

worship and for burial places," do hereby freely and voluntarily, and without any valuable consideration, [or, do, in the consideration of the sum of

pounds to me or the said paid]

grant [alienate] and convey [or lease] to A.B. all [description of the premises], and all [my or our or the right, title, and interest of the] to and in the same and every part thereof, 4 to hold unto and to the use of the said

and his or their heirs, or executors, or administrators, or suecessors, for the purposes of the said Act, and to be applied as 4 a site for a place of worship, or for a residence for a minister or ministers officiating in, or for a burial

place, and for no other purposes whatever.

[In case the site be conveyed to trustees, a clause providing for the removal of the trustees, and in cases where the land is purchased, exchanged, or demised, usual covenants or obligations for title may be addled.]

4 In witness whereof, the conveying and other parties have

e hereunto set their hands and seals, the day

' of.

4 Signed, sealed, and delivered by the said

4 in the presence of of /

One witness to the execution of the document by each party shall be sufficient, and any assurance under this Act shall be and continue valid if otherwise lawful, although the donor or grantor shall die within twelve calendar months from the execution thereof.

Ecclesiastical 5. The persons herein-before specified may convey, by way ^ioners of sale, or exchange, any site or sites, not exceeding in the case of any one site the quantity aforesaid, for any of the purposes of the Church Building Acts, to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, or as such Commissioners may direct, and such Commissioners may also act as trustees for the purpose of taking and holding any sites granted under this Act; and all conveyances made under this present enactment shall be deemed to be made under the Church Building Acts, and the land conveyed shall vest in conformity with such conveyances and the Church Building Acts.

Extent of Act. 6. The provisions of this Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

[Short title.]

7. This Act may be cited as The Places of Worship Sites Act, 1873."

may accept trusts.

1873. Prison Officers Superannuation (Ireland). Ch. 51.

257

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Superannuation of Prison Officers in Ireland.

[28th July 1873.]

WHEREAS by the several enactments set forth in the schedule to this Act annexed provision is made for the superannuation of certain officers of prisons in Ireland, but such provision is not satisfactory or sufficient, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said enactments, and to make the like provision for the superannuation of such officers of prisons in Ireland as has been made for the superannuation of officers of prisons in England by section fifteen of the Prisons 2, 8 & 29 Vict. Act, 1865: c'126 *

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Prison Officers Superannuation (Ireland) Act, 1873."

2. In this Act the term "county " shall extend to and in- interpretation elude county of a city, county of a town, county of a town of terms-and city, city and county, and borough in which there is a grand jury or a town council exercising the powers of a grand jury as to presentments:

The term "grand jury " shall, as regards any borough the town council of which is authorised to make presentments or levy rates for any of the purposes of this Act, be -held to include such council:

The term "officer" shall mean and include local inspector, chaplain, medical officer, surgeon of the county infirmary who has given his attendance and professional assistance as medical officer, without any other or further fee than his salary as such surgeon, to the prisoners and others in the gaol of such county, governor, and all other officers and servants of the prison.

3. From and after the passing of this Act the enactments Enactments in mentioned in the schedule to this Act annexed shall be and 8ched^ the same are hereby repealed: Provided that such repeal shall p not affect the past operation of any enactment hereby repealed nor any annuity, pension, superannuation, retiring allowance, or gratuity heretofore granted and payable under the authority of any such enactment to any officer of any prison; and provided also, that any such officer to whom any such annuity, pension, superannuation, retiring allowance, or gratuity has been so granted shall be entitled to claim and be paid such annuity, pension, superannuation, retiring allowance, or gratuity

Superannuation of officers.

Annuities, &c. not assignable, & c.

at the same times and subject to the same conditions in every respect and just as if such enactment had not been repealed.

4. If any officer of any prison has been an officer of such prison for not less than twenty years, and is not less than sixty years of age, or becomes incapable from confirmed sickness, age, or infirmity, or injury received in actual execution of his duty, of executing his office in person, and such sickness, age, infirmity, or injury is certified by a medical certificate, and there shall be a report of the " Board of Superintendence" testifying to his good conduct during his period of service, and recommending a grant to be made to him, the grand jury of the county in which such prison is situate may, upon the recommendation of the Inspectors General of Prisons, or one of them, at the assizes, or, as regards the county and city of Dublin, at the presenting term next after the date of such report, grant to such officer, having regard to his length of service, an annuity by way of superannuation allowance, not exceeding two thirds of his salary and emoluments, or a gratuity not exceeding the amount of his salary and emoluments for one year, and any such annuity or gratuity shall from time to time, without application to presentment sessions, and in the case of the county and city of Dublin at the presenting term, be presented by the grand jury, and shall be levied in like manner in every respect as the salary of such officer was previously levied; provided that the salary and emoluments of any surgeon of any infirmary to whom any superannuation allowance or gratuity is granted under this Act, shall, for the purpose of ascertaining such superannuation allowance or gratuity, be deemed to be the salary and emoluments paid to such surgeon as surgeon of such county infirmarry; provided also, that no superannuation allowance or gratuity under this Act shall be granted to any surgeon of any county infirmary so long as he continues to be the surgeon of such county infirmary.

5. Any annuity or gratuity granted to any prison officer under this Act shall be payable to or in trust for such officer only, and shall not be assignable or chargeable with his debts or other liabilities.

SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

6 & 7 William IV. chap. 116. sect. 125.

3 & 4 Victoria, chap. 44. sect. 5.

19 & 20 Victoria, chap. 68. sect. 23.

Intestates Widows and Children.

Ch. 52.

259

CHAPTER 52.

An Act for the Relief of Widows and Children of Intestates where the personal estate is of small value.

[28th July 1873.]

WHEREAS many poor persons die intestate, possessed of property of small amount, and it is desirable to increase the facilities for taking out letters of administration to their estates and effects, and to reduce the expenses attending the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where the whole estate and effects of an intestate shall For purposes not exceed in value the sum of one hundred pounds, his widow or any one or more of his children, provided such widow or children respectively shall reside at a distance registrar of a exceeding three miles from the Registry of the Court of county court-Probate having jurisdiction in the matter, may apply to the registrar of the county court within the district of which the intestate had his fixed place of abode at the time of his death, and the said registrar shall fill up the usual papers required by the Court of Probate to lead to a grant of letters of administration of the estate and effects of the said intestate, and shall swear the applicant and attest the execution of the administration bond according to the practice of the Court of Probate, and shall then transmit the said papers by post to the registrar of the Court of Probate having jurisdiction in the matter, who shall in due course make out and seal the letters of administration of the estate and effects of the said intestate, and transmit them by post to the said registrar of the county court, to be by him delivered to the party so applying for the same, without the payment of any fee for the same save as is provided by this Act.

2. The registrar of the county court may require such proof Identity of as he may think sufficient to establish the identity and relationship of the applicant.

3. If the registrar of the county court has reason to believe Registrar may that the whole estate and effects of which the intestate died ^avit?take possessed exceeds in value one hundred pounds, he shall refuse to proceed with the application until he is satisfied as to the real value thereof.

4. All registrars of county courts shall for the purposes of Registrars may this Act have power and are hereby authorised to administer ce, f coimn^TOT-oaths, and to take declarations and affirmations, and to exercise

Ch. 52, 53. Intestates Widows and .36 & 37 Vict.

era of Court of Probate.

Power to frame rules, orders, &c.

Not to affect duty on admi-uintration.

Application of Act to Ireland.

I & 2 Vict. c. 87.

any other powers which can be exercised by Commissioners of the Court of Probate. In the necessary absence of the registrar of the county court, applicants may be sworn and execute any necessary documents at the office of the said registrar before any Commissioner of the Court of Probate.

5. Any rules and orders and tables of fees requisite for carrying this Act into operation shall be framed and may from time to time be altered by the judge of the Court of Probate, subject as regards the tables of fees to the approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and such proportions of the said fees as the said judge, with such approval as aforesaid, shall think proper, may be made payable to the registrars of the county courts acting in the said matters, but the total amount to be charged to applicants shall not in any one case exceed the sums mentioned in the schedule to this Act.

6. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect any duty now payable on letters of administration.

7. The provisions of this Act shall apply to Ireland, subject to the modifications following; (that is to say,)

The term the " registrar of the county courtv shall be construed to mean the Ci registrar of the civil bill court

The term "Court of Probate " shall be construed to mean the " Court of Probate in Dublin.' '

SCHEDULE.

Where the whole estate and effects of the intestate shall not exceed in value twenty pounds, the sum of five shillings; and where the whole estate and effects shall exceed in value twenty pounds, the sum of five shillings, and the further sum of one shilling for every ten pounds or fraction of ten pounds by which the value shall exceed twenty pounds.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to make better provision respecting certain sums payable to Schoolmasters of Highland Schools under the Act of the session of the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-seven, intituled "An Act to facilitate the " foundation and endowment of additional Schools " in Scotland." [28th July 1873.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of the Act of the session of the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-seven, intituled An Act to facilitate

Highland Schools (Scotland).

Ch. 53.

261

" the foundation and endowment of additional schools in 14 Scotland/' (in tins Act referred to as the Highland Schools Act, 1838,) the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury (hereafter referred to as the Treasury) have purchased twenty-four thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds ten shillings and fourpence three per cent, consolidated Bank annuities in the names of their nominees:

And whereas at the passing of the Education (Scotland) 35 & 36 Vict. Act, 1872, there was payable in pursuance of the Highland c* 62* Schools Act, 1838, out of the dividends of the said Bank annuities, to the schoolmaster appointed in each of the parishes specified in the first column of the schedule to this Act, the annual sum set opposite to the name of such parish in the second column of that schedule, and the dividends of the said Bank annuities are insufficient to pay such annual sums, but such insufficiency could have been supplied under the Highland Schools Act, 1838, if the same had not been repealed:

And whereas by the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, the 35 & 36 Vict. Highland Schools Act, 1838, was repealed in general terms, c* 62* subject to the following proviso: "Provided that any sum " payable to a schoolmaster prior to the passing of this Act " under the Act of the first and second years of the reign of " Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-seven, shall continue to be paid to him so long as he holds the office of schoolmaster " on account of which such sum was payable to him, and shall " thereafter be paid to the school board of the parish in which " he held such office for the purposes of the school fund," but no provision was made for the disposal of the said Bank annuities or for meeting the said insufficiency of the dividends thereof to pay the said sums:

And whereas by the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, the 35 & 36 Vict school board was substituted for the heritors in every parish: c- 62 *

And whereas it is expedient expressly to repeal the Highland Schools Act, 1838, and make such provision respecting the said Bank annuities and annual sums as is herein-after contained:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Highland Schools Act,

2. The annual sums mentioned in the schedule to this Act Charge of sum

shall, after the passing of this Act, be charged on the Con- ConsoHdMedB

Preliminary.

1873.

JEndowment Schools.

Ch. 53.

Highland Schools (Scotland). 36 & 37 Vict.

Fund, and payment thereof to school board.

Provision for existing schoolmasters and other past transactions, and day of first payment.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 87.

Cancellation of consols invested under 1 & 2 Vict. c. 87.

1 & 2 Vict c. 87. and s. 78. of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 62. repealed.

solidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and the Treasury shall by equal half-yearly payments in every year pay out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, to the school board of every parish named in the first column of the schedule to this Act, for the purposes of the school fund, the annual sum which in the second column of that schedule is placed opposite to the name of such parish.

Temporary Provisions and Repeal.

3. So long as any schoolmaster to whom any of the annual sums mentioned in the schedule to this Act was at the passing of this Act payable in pursuance of the Highland Schools Act, 1838, continues to hold his office, the school board shall pay to him every half-yearly payment of that annual sum as soon as may be after they receive the same.

Such portion of the said annual sums as before the passing of this Act the dividends on the said consolidated Bank annuities have been insufficient to pay shall be deemed to have been charged, since the passing of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, on the Consolidated Fund, and shall be paid or repaid out of the same or out of the growing produce thereof.

The first half-yearly payment of the said annual sums in pursuance of this Act shall be made on the eleventh day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

4. As soon as may be after the passing of this Act, the Treasury shall by warrant direct the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to transfer all the consolidated three per cent. Bank annuities standing in the books of the said governor and company in the names of the nominees of the Treasury in pursuance of the Highland Schools Act, 1838, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and on the said transfer being made, to cancel thef same, and thereupon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall cause such sums of Bank annuities to be transferred and cancelled by one of their officers, and any dividends which at the time of the transfer may be due on such Bank annuities shall be applied in payment of the annual sums mentioned in the schedule to this Act.

5. The Highland Schools Act, 1838, and section seventy-eight of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, from the words " and provided that any sum payable to a schoolmaster," inclusive, to the end of that section, are hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE.

Annual Sums payable at the passing of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 62. to the Schoolmasters of the Parishes named below under 1 & 2 Vict. c. 87.

Farish. Annual Sum.

£ 8. d.

1. Acharacle - - 3.4 0 0

2. Balligrant - - 34 0 0

3. Croick - 28 0 0

4. Cross - 25 0 0

5. Dunbeath - - 28 0 0

6. Duror - 20 0 0

7. Dunskellar - - 34 0 0

8. Foss - 32 0 0

9. Insh - 34 0 0

10. Iona - 32 0 0

11. Keanlochbervie - 34 0 0

12. Keiss - 30 0 0

13. Kiniochluichart - - _ 30 0 0

14. Kinlochspelvie - - - 20 0 0

15. Laid or Poole we - - 34 0 0

16. Lochgilphead - 34 0 0

17. Oa - 30 0 0

18. Ownicli - 30 0 0

19. Portnahaven - 30 0 0

20. North Ronaldshay - - 30 0 0

21. Rannoch - - 30 0 0

22. Salen - 30 0 0

23. Stencholl - - 30 0 0

24. Stoej* - 30 0 0

25. Strathy - 25 0 0

26. Strontian - - 30 0 0

27. Tobermory - 34 0 0

28. Tomintoul - - 30 0 0

29. Ullapool - - 32 0 0

30. Ulva - 25 0 0

Total - £899 0 0

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to raise the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds sterling by Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

[28th July 1873.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the

L

264 Ch. 54. Eocchequer Bonds (i?l, 600,000). 36 & 37 Vict.

supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Exchequer Bonds Act, 1873.

Exchequer Bonds.

Treasury may 2. Towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty raise for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of

1,000,000l. by jfarch one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, it shall bomU.qUer be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, at any time or times not later than the said thirty-first day of March, to raise any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole one million six hundred thousand pounds, by the issue of Exchequer bonds in manner provided by the Exchequer Bill to & 30 Vict. and Bonds Act, 1866, so, however, that no bond shall be made c. out for any sum less than one hundred pounds.

Every bond issued in pursuance of this Act shall provide for the paying off of such bond at par at any period not exceeding twelve months from the date of such bond.

Interest on bond and repayment of principal.

3. The interest on all bonds issued in pursuance of this Act shall be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing produce thereof.

The principal money secured by every bond issued in pursuance of this Act shall be repaid out of money provided by Parliament for the purpose.

Payment of 4. All money raised by Exchequer bonds issued in pur-money raised to suance of this Act shall be paid into the receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer and carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom *

Consolidated Fund.

Extension of 5. Section fifteen of the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 29 & 30 Vict. 1866, (which section relates to the forgery of Exchequer bills,) for2e M&c to skall aPP*y Exchequer bonds issued in pursuance of this or Act in like manner as if it were herein enacted with the

substitution of Exchequer bond for ExchequerfabilL

6. The Act of the session of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-five, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the several laws " regulating the preparation, issue, and payment of Exchequer

bond*.

Recited Act and this Act may be cited together.

Exchequer Bonds (i?l, 600,000). Ch. 54, 55.

265

" bills and bonds," is in this Act referred to as the Exchequer Eills and Bonds Act, 1866, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Acts, 1866 and 1873.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to amend the Medical Acts so far as relates to the University of London.

[28th July 1873.]

WHEREAS by the Medical Act (herein-after called the 21 & 22 Vict.

principal Act), and Acts amending the same, every c*90 person becoming possessed of any one or more of the qualifications mentioned in the said Acts is to be entitled to be registered under the principal Act, and one of such qualifications is that of doctor, or bachelor, or licentiate of medicine, or master in surgery in any university of the United Kingdom:

And whereas by the principal Act it is further provided that any two or more of the colleges and bodies in the Medical Acts in that behalf mentioned may, with the sanction and under the directions of the General Council, unite and cooperate in conducting the examinations required for qualifications to be registered under the principal Act:

And whereas the University of London is one of such bodies, but doubts are entertained whether it is able to take advantage of the herein-before recited provisions of the principal Act unless it receives further powers from Parliament, and accordingly it is expedient to amend the Medical Acts so far as relates to the said University:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. If, in pursuance of the principal Act, the University of Power to Uni-London unites or co-operates with any of the colleges or bodies ^)n" in that behalf mentioned in the Medical Acts in conducting byelaw with a the examinations required for qualifications to be registered view to the under the principal Act, then, notwithstanding anything in Medical Act any statute or charter contained, it shall be lawful for the chancellor, vice-chancellor, and fellows for the time being of the, said University to prescribe, by a byelaw under the common seal of the said University, that no person shall become a doctor, or bachelor, or licentiate of medicine, or master in surgery of the said University unless (in addition to passing such examination, if any, and complying with such other conditions, if any, as may be prescribed by any byelaws in force for the time being made in pursuance of any charter of the said University) he shall have passed such examination for qualification to be registered under the Medical Act, and

266

Ch. 55, 56.

Medical Act Amendment. 36 & 37 Vict.

complied with such conditions relating thereto, as may be agreed upon between the said University and the college or body, colleges or bodies, with whom the said University may be united or co-operating as aforesaid.

Provided that no byelaw made in pursuance of this Act shall be of any force unless it has the assent of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and that it shall be lawful for one of such Secretaries of State at any subsequent time, if he shall think fit, to revoke such assent.

Short title and 2. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Medical instruction of ^ct (University of London), 1873, and shall be construed as one with the Medical Acts.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to reduce the Limit of the available Balance of the Treasury Chest Fund.

[28th July 1873.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and twenty-seven, intituled An Act for limiting and regulating the Treasury Chest

" Fund " (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), it is provided that the available balance of the Treasury Chest Fund therein mentioned should be limited not to exceed the sum of one million three hundred thousand pounds, and that if upon taking the annual account therein mentioned the balance should exceed such sum, the surplus should be paid to the Consolidated Fund:

And whereas it is expedient to reduce the sard balance:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Limitation of 1. The available balance of the Treasury Chest Fund shall

Ttea*Ce ° Chest not excee^ 8Ura one million pounds; and if upon the Funded pay- taking of the annual abstract account mentioned in the principal ment of surplus Act, such available balance is found to exceed that sum, the ^Consolidated Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct the excess to be paid to and form part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Treasury Chest Funds Acts, 1861 and 1873, and each Act may be cited as the Treasury Chest Fund Act of the year in which it was passed

3. Section one of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

Construction and short title.

Repeal of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 127. s. 1.

267

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to make provision for the Redemption of divers permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund and on the Votes of Parliament.

[28th July 1873.]

WHEREAS under section fifteen of the Crown Lands Act, 29 & 80 Vict 1866, divers pensions, annuities, and other annual pay- c* 62# ments formerly payable out of the land revenues of the Crown have been transferred to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and are at the time of the passing of this Act charged thereon and payable thereout:

And whereas there are charged on and payable out of the said Consolidated Fund, and moneys provided by Parliament, other pensions, annuities, and annual payments which will not determine with the life of the individuals to whom the same are at the passing of this Act payable, which are not part of the Bank annuities that form the National Debt:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the redemption of such pensions, annuities, and annual payments:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The Consolidated Fund (Per- Short title, manent Charges Redemption) Act, 1873/ *

2. Where any annuity (as defined by this Act) is charged Contract for on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United redemption of Kingdom, or moneys provided by Parliament, either in per- annmty' petuity or for a period not determinable with the life of the individual to whom the same is for the time being payable, the Treasury may at any time contract for the redemption of the same or any part thereof by payment out of moneys provided by Parliament of a capital sum not exceeding such sum as would, according to the average price of Government securities at the date of such contract, purchase an amount of Government securities yielding annual dividends equal to the amount of such annuity.

In entering into any such contract, the Treasury shall have regard to the contingency (if any) of the determination of the annuity, and may surrender such contingency upon such terms as they may think reasonable.

Where the person to whom such annuity is for the time being payable is a limited owner, the contract made for the redemption of the annuity shall not be valid unless it is assented to, if such limited owner is an ecclesiastical corporation in England, by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and in any other case by the Court of Chancery, but wheD so assented to shall be binding on the heirs, successors, executors,

Payment of money and cesser of annuity.

Proviso in case of annuities under five pounds, or redemption money under 100/1

Miscellaneous

provisions.

Ch. 57. Consolidated Fund, &c. 36 & 37 Vict.

and administrators of such limited owner, and all other persons interested in the annuity.

3. The money for the redemption of the annuity, in case the owner is an ecclesiastical corporation in England, shall he paid to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and; in other cases where the owner is a limited owner shall, and in any case where the owner is not a limited owner may be paid into the Court of Chancery to an account intituled ex parte the owner of the annuity in the matter of this Act, or to such other account as may be directed by the said Court, or by a rule under the Court of Chancery Funds Act, 1872, and shall be applied by or under the direction of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and the said Court respectively for the benefit of the person entitled thereto.

As soon as any money is paid in pursuance of any contract for the redemption of any annuity, that annuity shall cease to be charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund, or moneys provided by Parliament, so, however, that any proportionate part of such annuity which may be due up to the time of such payment shall be paid to the person entitled thereto.

4. In the case of an annuity not payable to an ecclesiastical corporation, if the annuity does not exceed five pounds a year, or the sum payable for the redemption of the annuity does not exceed one hundred pounds, the contract need not be assented to by the Court of Chancery, and the money need not be paid into the Court of Chancery, but may be paid to the person entitled for the time being to receive the annuity, and the receipt of such person shall be a good discharge for money so paid.

5. Where any doubt exists either as to whether a person to whom an annuity for the time being is payable is or is not a limited owner, or as to the title of a person to any annuity, the contract may be assented to, the money paid, and other proceedings under this Act had, as if the person to whom such annuity is payable were a limited owner.

Any power vested by this Act in the Court of Chancery may be exercised by a judge thereof sitting at chambers.

Any contract made in pursuance of this Act may, if it is so agreed, provide for the redemption of an annuity by the transfer of any Government securities instead of the payment of a sum of money; and the provisions of this Act shall be construed accordingly, with the necessary modifications.

The average price of Government securities shall be determined according to the average price stated in the account sent by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament.

269

(Pei'mcment Charges Redemption). Ch. 57.

6. The Treasury shall cause to be laid before the House of Return of Commons in every year an account of all annuities redeemed ^thiTAc-t in pursuance of this Act, and the particulars of such redemption

and the reasons therefor.

7. In this Act — Definitions. The term "Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any two of them:

The term "Government securities" means any consolidated, reduced, or new three pounds per centum Eank annuities: i

The term "annuity" includes any pension or annual payment, but does not include any Government securities or any annuities, for life or years, granted or payable by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

The term "person " includes a body corporate:

The term "limited owner" means a corporation (aggregate or sole), tenant in tail or for life, a married woman entitled in her own right, a guardian, a committee of a lunatic or idiot, a trustee for any purpose, charitable or other, an executor or administrator, and any person entitled to any less interest in an annuity than a tenancy for life.

8. In the application of this Act to Ireland, the following Application of

modifications shall be made: Act to Ireland.

(1.) The Court of Chancery shall mean the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and any general rule or order which can be made with respect to the proceedings of such court shall be substituted for a general rule under the Court of Chancery Funds Act, 1872.

9. This Act shall apply to the Isle of Man, subject to the Application of

following provisions: Man10

(1.) An ecclesiastical corporation in England shall be deemed to include an ecclesiastical corporation in the Isle of Man.

(2.) The court of highest jurisdiction in the Isle of Man shall be substituted for the Court of Chancery.

(3.) Money may be paid into court in such manner as may be directed by the court, or by any general rule or order which can be made with respect to practice or proceedings in such court.

270

Ch. 58.

Military Ma

36 & 37 Vict.

[Short title.]

Passage of forces over lands.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn.

[28th July 1873.]

WHEREAS it is intended that during the ensuing autumn a separate body of troops should be assembled for the purposes of military instruction within each of the areas firstly and secondly described in the first schedule hereto, which areas are herein-after included under the expression "the limits of this Act: "

And whereas it is expedient that provision should be made for facilitating the exercise of the said troops, and for making compensation to persons whose lands may be damaged by the passage of such troops, and for other purposes connected with such assemblage of troops:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the " Military Manoeuvres Act, 1873."

Regulations as to the forces.

2. Within the limits of this Act the forces to which this Act applies, in this Act referred to as " the forces," with their arms, munitions of war, and stores, may pass over any unenclosed or any authorised enclosed lands, whether public or private, and may execute military manoeuvres on such lands. They may also encamp on any unenclosed lands, or any authorised enclosed land not under cultivation, or any authorised enclosed arable land from which the crops have been gathered, and for the purpose of any encampment, or for military exercises, dig trenches and throw up temporary field works on any such lands. The forces may supply themselves with water from any authorised sources of water, and may, for the purpose of obtaining such supply, dam up% any running water, use any private or occupation roads, pass over any authorised enclosed lands, and do all such other acts and things as may be required. They may also make temporary bridges across streams at authorised places, and slope the banks, and otherwise do such acts in relation to the crossing streams as may be necessary for providing for the safe passage of the forces, with their arms, munitions of war, and stores.

Provided that it shall not be lawful for the forces to foul the leets of the Plymouth Waterworks Company, or to interfere with the same except for the purpose of pumping water

Ch. 58.

271

therefrom, and compensation shall be made to such company for the water taken for the supply of the forces from such leets, such compensation to be ascertained in the same manner in which the compensation payable in respect of damage to land is determined under this Act.

3. Nothing in this Act contained shall empower the forces to enter upon or interfere with any dwelling-house, farmyard, garden, orchard, pleasure ground, nursery ground, rabbit-warren, park, or any premises enclosed within the curtilage of or attached to any dwelling-house, or any lands bearing roots or standing crops, or any underwoods, or any enclosed lands, except enclosed lands which may be declared to be lands on which the forces are authorised to enter, in this Act referred to as authorised enclosed lands.

Lands sown with artificial grasses, whether enclosed or not, shall be deemed to be enclosed lands within the meaning of this Act.

4. Full compensation shall be made, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, for any damage that may be caused to any lands within the limits of this Act, by or in consequence of the forces, or the strangers accompanying such forces, passing over or occupying such lands; and the amount of compensation payable to any person entitled to such compensation shall be determined as herein-after mentioned; but no person belonging to the forces shall be liable to any action, suit, indictment, or other legal proceeding in respect of any trespass committed by him upon or damage done to land situate within the limits of this Act.

5. A commission shall be formed for each of the said scheduled areas, in this Act referred to as the county commission of the area, consisting, as to the area firstly described in the first schedule hereto, of the Lord Lieutenant of the county of Stafford and the members representing in this present Parliament the eastern and western divisions of the county of Stafford; and as to the area secondly described in the said first schedule, of the Lord Lieutenant of the county of Devon and the members representing in this present Parliament the southern division of the county of Devon; and as respects each of the said commissions, one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may from time to time, by writing under his hand, add to their number, or fill up any vacancy occasioned in their number by the death, resignation, or unwillingness to act of any member of such commission. Each of the said commissions shall make such rules as to the places and times of meeting, the quorum at meetings, and the modes of procedure as they think fit. Every question shall be decided by a majority of the votes of the members of the commission voting on that question.

Lands closed against passage of forces.

Compensation for damage done by forces.

Commissions for making regulations as to passage of forces over lands.

272

Ch. 58.

Military Manoeuvres.

36 & 37 Vict.

The officer in command of the forces within each of the said scheduled areas and the county commission of such area shall from time to time, as to the area within their jurisdiction, by order authorise anything by this Act directed to be authorised and in particular declare what enclosed lands are to be deemed to be authorised lands, and what sources of water to be authorised sources for the purposes of this Act. The said officer and commission may also by order make regulations with respect to the protection of cattle and sheep by securing the same in folds or farmyards, and with respect to any other matter or thing which they may deem essential for the purpose of preventing damage to property and for more efficiently carrying into effect the purposes of this Act.

Public notice shall be given within each area, in such manner as may be directed by the county commission of that area, of any regulation made in pursuance of this Act for the protection of any cattle, sheep, or other property, and no person who neglects to comply with any regulation so made in relation to his property shall be entitled to claim compensation in respect of any damage caused to such property in consequence of his having been guilty of such neglect as aforesaid.

Any powers by this Act given to a county commission and the officer in command of the forces, within either of the said scheduled areas, of making any order or doing any other act or thing may be exercised on behalf of the commission by any member or members of such commission to whom such powers may have been delegated by the commission, and on behalf of the officer by any officer or officers deputed by him for the purpose; and for the purpose of facilitating the exercise of the powers conferred by this Act on such county commission and officer in command, the said commission and officer shall make arrangements for securing the attendance of a sufficient number of members of the said commission at such places and with such bodies of troops as may be agreed upon, with the view of the members so in attendance acting for the purposes of this section in conjunction with the officer in command of the troops or any officers deputed by him.

Any order made in pursuance of this Act in relation to lands may describe such lands by reference to a map or in any other convenient manner, and any order declaring what lands are to be deemed authorised enclosed lands or authorised sources of water may either describe the lands or sources so authorised or may declare all the lands or sources of water within either of the said scheduled areas, or any part thereof, with the specified exceptions, to be authorised enclosed lands or authorised sources of water.

Any lands from entering on which the forces are prohibited shall, when deemed necessary by the county commission having jurisdiction in respect of such lands, be marked by flags or in

Military Manoeuvres.

Ch. 58.

273

such other manner as may for the time being be directed by the said commission.

Any order made under this Act may be altered or amended or a new order made in lieu thereof.

6. The following enactments shall be made with respect Mode of deter-to compensation for damage under this Act: wmrasation

(1.) The Commissioners of the Treasury shall appoint a fit payable in person for each of the said scheduled areas, in this respect of Act called the compensation officer, whose duty it shall be, immediately the forces have ceased to occupy or pass over any part of the scheduled area for which such officer acts, to ascertain the damage done, and to receive and settle summarily, and as far as practicable, by agreement, the amount of compensation, in which case the compensation officer shall either cause the compensation to be paid at once, or shall give a writing to the person entitled, stating the amount to be paid, and the place and date at which the same will be paid, such date not being later than thirty days from the time at which such writing is given:

(2.) The mode in which claims of compensation are to be sent to the compensation officer shall be notified within each of the said scheduled areas in manner directed by the county commission having jurisdiction over such area. Every claim for compensation shall be sent to the compensation officer immediately after the forces have ceased to occupy or pass over the land in respect of which compensation is claimed, and at the latest within one week after the damage done:

(3.) Compensation may be paid to the person in actual occupation of the land in respect of which it is claimed, or in case of his absence, or inability, to his wife or some member of his family, his steward, or other person acting for him in the cultivation and management of the land, whose receipt shall be a complete discharge for the damage in respect of which the compensation is paid:

(4.) The Commissioners of the Treasury may, if they think fit, appoint two or more persons to be compensation officers in each of the said scheduled areas, and each of the persons so appointed shall perform the duties and have the powers by this Act conferred on the compensation officer:

(5.) If the compensation officer fails to settle any claim for compensation, or is unable to decide the person to whom compensation is payable, the case shall be referred by him to the court of arbitration formed under this Act for each of the said scheduled areas,

Ch. 58. Military Manoeuvres. 36 & 37 Vict.

with a statement by the compensation officer of what he considers a fair compensation for the damage done:

(6.) A court of arbitration shall be formed for each of the said scheduled areas, consisting of three persons, one of whom shall be named by the county commission of that area, in writing under the hands of any two or more of the members of that commission, one by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and the third by the two persons already chosen, in writing under their hands, or, in case of their failure to agree as to such appointment within three days, by the chief justice of the Court of Queen's Bench:

(7.) Any vacancy in the office of any member of a court of arbitration formed under this Act occasioned by death, resignation, unwillingness to act, or otherwise, shall be filled up by the authority which appointed the vacating member in the same manner in which the vacating member was appointed:

(8.) There shall be paid to the members of any court of arbitration formed under this Act such compensation as the said Secretary of State may, with the approval of the Treasury, determine:

(9.) The court of arbitration for each of the said scheduled areas shall, as respects the area for which it is formed, have full power to decide all questions whatsoever, whether of law or fact, which it may be necessary to decide for the purpose of awarding compensation under this Act, and in particular to decide in any case of alleged damage to lands whether such damage was or was not caused by or in consequence of the forces, or the strangers accompanying such forces, passing over or occupying such lands, and also (if such damage was so caused) to determine the person entitled to receive compensation for such damage, and such court of arbitration shall not be subject to be restrained in the due execution of its powers by the order of any court, nor shall any proceedings before it be removed by certiorari into any court, nor shall any award by it be set aside.

(10.) A court of arbitration under this Act may examine witnesses on oath, and with respect to the enforcing the attendance of witnesses, after a tender of their expenses, the examination of witnesses, and the production of books, papers, and documents, shall have all such powers, rights, and privileges as are vested in one of Her Majesty's superior courts of law for such or the like purpose:

(11.) A court of arbitration under this Act may hold its sittings at such times and places as it thinks ex-

1873. Military Manoeuvres.

Ch. 58.

275

pedient, and any jurisdiction or act to be exercised or done by such court of arbitration may be exercised or done by any two members of that court:

(12.) A court of arbitration under this Act may appoint a valuer, and may delegate to such valuer such powers of assessing compensation under this Act as it may think fit; but an appeal may be had from his decision to the court of arbitration which appointed such arbitrator:

(13.) A court of arbitration under this Act may examine any valuer appointed by such court as to the amount of compensation which in his opinion ought to be paid in any case of damage brought before it, and may adopt or reject his opinion as it thinks just: (14.) A court of arbitration under this Act may review and rescind or vary any order or decision previously made by it; but, save as aforesaid, every order or decision of the said court shall be final:

(15.) A court of arbitration under this Act shall publish in such manner as it thinks fit directions as to the mode in which applications are to be made to it under this Act:

(16.) A court of arbitration under this Act shall not be bound to hear any counsel or attorney, but any person claiming compensation may appear in person or by some agent authorised by him in writing, and such court of arbitration may, in addition to compensation for damage, grant further compensation for costs reasonably incurred in substantiating a claim, or may refuse such costs wholly or partially, or reduce the amount of compensation if the person claiming refused a fair offer from the compensation officer:

(17.) Any person fraudulently claiming and receiving compensation to which he is not entitled under this Act shall be guilty of a fraud, and liable to be dealt with as if he had fraudulently received money under false pretences, and shall in addition be liable to pay the money received to the person entitled thereto.

Regulations as to persons not belonging to the forces, and Miscellaneous.

7. If any stranger commits any trespass upon or does any Offences damage to any lands within the limits of this Act, he shall be a^ainst Act guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings, in addition to making full compensation in money for any damage he may have caused.

Ch. 58. Military Manoeuvres. 3G & 37 Vict.

Any stranger going on any lands within the limits of this Act on which the public is not entitled by law to go without the permission of the officer in command of the forces within the area of which such lands form part, or of some officer deputed by him, shall be deemed to have committed a trespass on such lands, and be punishable accordingly.

If any stranger, not having such permission as aforesaid, when warned not to go on any land, attempts to go thereon, or when on such land and warned to depart therefrom, refuses so to depart, he shall, in addition to any other penalty to which he may be subject, be deemed guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings. He may also be prevented by force from going on, or be removed by force from any such lands as aforesaid.

For the purposes of this section, a warning not to go on lands or to depart from lands may be given by any sentinel or other person belonging to the forces or by any constable, and in the case of enclosed lands every stranger not having such permission as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been warned not to go upon such lands, and be punishable accordingly.

Any constable may take possession of any horse or carriage with which any stranger is trespassing, and may remove the same from any lands on which it is found; and no compensation shall be payable in respect of any damage which may accrue to any such horse or carriage by reason of such removal, which is not caused by the wilful act or neglect of the constable removing the same.

If any person without due authority moves any flag or other mark distinguishing any lands within the limits of this Act, or obstructs or interferes with the movements of the forces, or cuts or damages any telegraph wire laid down by or for the use of the forces, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

If any person, within either of the said scheduled areas, enters on any lands for the time being directed to be kept clear, or within the lines of any encampment belonging to the forces, without the special permission in writing of the officer in command of the forces within such area, or of some officer deputed by him, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings; and may, if he refuses to go, be removed by force from any lands on which he has so entered.

Any person charged with committing any offence against this Act may be taken into custody without warrant by any constable or person authorised to act as a constable, and may be detained until he can be brought before such a special magistrate as is in this Act mentioned, and be dealt with

Military Manoeuvres.

Ch. 58.

277

according to law: Provided that no person shall be detained under the powers of this section for more than six'hours without being brought before a special magistrate.

Any constable or person authorised by this Act to act as a constable using force in cases in which force is by this section permitted to be used, shall be indemnified from all consequences which may result from such user of force.

Any two justices of the peace residing in the immediate vicinity of any place where encampments or manoeuvres are about to take place in pursuance of this Act, or any special magistrate accompanying a body of troops, may, upon the requisition of the superior officer commanding such body of troops, and with the consent of the owner or occupier of land over which any footpaths or other rights of way (save turnpike, county, or parish roads) exist, temporarily close or divert any such footpaths or other rights of way being within the limits of this Act; provided always, that the duration and limits of such stoppage or diversion shall be publicly declared by printed notices twelve hours previously.

The permission of the officer in command of the forces assembled on either of the said scheduled areas, or of some officer deputed by him, shall, for the purposes of this section, be signified by a document written or printed, or partly written and partly printed, and authenticated in such manner as may be directed by the said Secretary of State.

8. The said Secretary of State, with the consent of the Constables to authority having power to dispose of the services of any be appointed constables, may, by order under his hand, appoint such ^offenc^'01* constables, or any of them, to act as constables within either against Act. of the said scheduled areas, or any part thereof; and every constable so appointed shall, within the area or part for which he is appointed, have all such powers, privileges, and immunities, and be liable to all such responsibilities as any constable duly appointed has within his constable wick, by virtue of the common law of the realm, or of any Act of Parliament for the time being in force.

Any person belonging to the forces may, within either of the said" scheduled areas, when called upon by any constable, assist such constable in performing any duty imposed upon him by this Act, or may, when directed by his commanding officer, act as a constable in respect of any offence against this Act; and any person so assisting or directed to act shall, during the performance of such duty, have the same powers, privileges, and immunities as a constable appointed by the said Secretary of State to act within such scheduled area.

9. The said Secretary of State may, as respects each of the Justices to be said scheduled areas, by order under his hand appoint any aPP?1°ted {or

punishment of

county justice or justices, having jurisdiction within such offences A a Act-

Ch. 58.

Military Manoeuvres,

36 & 37 Vict.

area, or any part of such area, with his or their consent, to attend* for any time named in such order, the forces or any portion of the forces when assembled in such area; and any justice so appointed, in this Act referred to as a special magistrate, shall, during the time so named, have jurisdiction, as a justice of the peace, to punish any offence against this Act, by whomsoever committed, within the limits of the area for which he is appointed a special magistrate, and any offence by any other Act punishable upon summary conviction, and committed by any stranger.

Any power by this Act given to a special magistrate may be exercised by any two or more special magistrates having like jurisdiction.

Any special magistrate may try any case in the open air, or in any other place which he may think convenient, and if the offence be committed in view of such magistrate he may punish the offender without any further evidence. An information in writing shall not be required in respect of any offence triable by any special magistrate.

Where the special magistrate determines that compensation is to be paid by any offender for any damage caused by him to lands, such magistrate shall order such compensation to be paid to the person entitled to receive such compensation, and shall, for the purpose of determining the person so entitled, and the amount of compensation payable, but subject to the appeal herein-after mentioned, have all the powers by this Act given to the court of arbitration, and the magistrate making such order shall certify the same to the compensation officer, and the amount so paid shall be taken into consideration in considering any further claim to compensation in respect of the damage so committed.

Where any person is guilty of an offence against this Act at a place within the limits of this Act, where the forces, or any portion of them, are exercising or encamping, the special magistrate before whom such offence is tried may, if he thinks fit, instead of subjecting the offender to any other penalty, commit him to the custody of any constable or constables, and direct him to be detained by such constable or constables, either on the field, or at any convenient spot, for any period not exceeding six hours; and such order of commitment shall be valid without any preliminary written proceedings, provided that the special magistrate is satisfied that the offender has been guilty of the offence in respect of which he is committed to custody.

Subject as aforesaid, any offence triable under this Act by any special magistrate shall be prosecuted, as nearly as may be, in manner directed by the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of

1873. Military Manoeuvres. Ch. 58. 279

" the duties of justices of the peace out of sessions within " England and Wales with respect to summary convictions " and orders," inclusive of any Acts amending the same.

No order made or warrant issued, or other act or thing done, in pursuance of this Act, by a special magistrate, shall be impeached on the ground of any defect in the jurisdiction of such magistrate, unless the objection to such jurisdiction is made at the time of the making or issue of such order or warrant, or the doing of such act or thing.

Where a special magistrate under this Act awards, by way of compensation for any damage done to lands, any sum exceeding five pounds, any person aggrieved by the decision of such magistrate may, upon giving security for costs to the satisfaction of the magistrate, appeal to the next practicable court of general or quarter sessions holden for the county in which the cause of appeal has arisen, and such court may, upon the hearing of the appeal, confirm, reverse, or modify the decision of the special magistrate, or make such other order in the matter as the court thinks just.

Offences against this Act shall be triable only by a special magistrate, but subject as aforesaid nothing in this Act contained shall affect any jurisdiction which the justices of the county in which any offence may be committed would have had if this Act had not passed.

10. Evidence of any order or regulation made by or on Evidence of behalf of a county commission, either alone or in conjunction and with the officer in command of the forces, or any officer re^ulatlonfi-deputed by him, may be given in all legal proceedings whatever by the production of a copy purporting to be certified to be a true copy by any member of such commission, and notice of any order or regulation made as aforesaid may be served on any person personally or by leaving a copy of such notice at his usual place of abode.

No proof shall be required of the handwriting or official position of any person certifying in pursuance of this section to the truth of a copy of any such order or regulation.

Any order or regulation of which evidence is given in pursuance of this Act shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been duly made.

Evidence of any rule or proceeding of a county commission, or of any member thereof, not including such order as aforesaid, may be given in all legal proceedings whatever by the production of a certificate under the hands of any two or more members of the commission declaring such rule to have been made, or proceeding to have taken place.

Evidence of any permission given or order made by or on behalf of the officer in command of the forces acting within either of the scheduled areas, or any officer deputed by him, may be given in all legal proceedings whatever by the pro-

280

Ch. 58.

Military Manoeuvres.

36 & 37 Vict.

Specified camp ing grounds to be within the limits of Act.

duction of a copy purporting to be certified to be a true copy by the officer in command of the forces, or any officer from time to time deputed by him to certify the same.

Camping Grounds.

11. The several camping grounds mentioned in the first and second parts of the second schedule hereto, together with all such lands and sources of water in the neighbourhood of the said camping grounds capable of affording or facilitating a supply of water to the forces while encamping or halting thereon, as may be determined by the officer in command of the forces, and a commissioner to be appointed in manner in this section mentioned to be authorised lands and authorised sources of water, shall be deemed for all purposes to be within the limits of this Act, to the same extent and in the same manner, subject as in this section mentioned, as if they were included in the first schedule hereto, and, as to the camping grounds mentioned in the first part of the said second schedule, formed part of the area firstly described in the said first schedule, and as to the camping grounds mentioned in the second part of the said second schedule formed part of the area secondly described in the said first schedule.

The Lord Lieutenant of every county in which any of the said camping grounds are situate shall appoint a commissioner or commissioners to act under this section for that county, and every commissioner so appointed shall, in respect of the camping grounds referred to in this section and situate in the county for which he is appointed, be deemed to be substituted for a county commission, and shall have the same powers and stand in the same relation to the officer in command of the forces, or any officer from time to time deputed by him, as the county commission has and stands in in the case of lands within the jurisdiction of such county commission.

If the Lord Lieutenant of any county in which any of the said camping grounds are situate omit to comply with the provisions of this section with respect to the appointment of a commissioner for a period of fourteen days after the passing of this Act, the Secretary of State may make such appointment instead of such Lord Lieutenant; any vacancy in the office of a commissioner appointed under this section may be filled up by the authority which appointed him.

For the purposes of this section the officer in command of the forces shall mean with respect to the camping grounds mentioned in the first part of the said second schedule the officer in command of the forces within the first of the said scheduled areas, and with respect to the camping grounds mentioned in the second part of the said second schedule the officer in command of the forces within the second of the said scheduled areas.

Military Manoeuvres.

Ch. 58.

281

Any special magistrate appointed for any of the said camping grounds shall be a justice of the peace acting in and for the county in which such camping ground, or some part thereof, is situate.

Definitions.

12. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the Definition *, following expressions have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them; that is to say,

The expression "forces to which this Act applies " or " the forces" means and includes all such regular troops, militia, yeomanry, volunteers, licensed sutlers, and followers in or of any of the said forces, as may for the time being be assembled within the limits of this Act, or any part thereof, during the ensuing autumn for the purposes of military instruction, and are subject to the Mutiny Act and Articles of War; it shall also include any police attached to the said forces, or any part thereof, but not so as to subject such police to the Mutiny Act and Articles of War:

The officer appointed to the command of the forces within each of the said scheduled areas, or any officer or officers deputed by him, may from time to time grant licenses to persons applying for the same authorising such persons to act as licensed sutlers to the forces which he commands, or to be followers of such forces, and may from time to time revoke any licenses so granted:

Any holders of such licenses shall be subject to the Mutiny Act and Articles of War, and shall be deemed to be licensed sutlers and followers within the meaning of the said Act and Articles, but all other sutlers and followers in or of the said forces, or any part thereof, shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be strangers:

Any licenses granted in pursuance of this section shall be in such form and authenticated in such manner as may be prescribed by the said Secretary of State, and shall declare the fact that the person thereby licensed is subject to the Mutiny Act and to the Articles of War:

The expression "strangers accompanying the forces " or " strangers " or " stranger" means all such persons or any such person as may for the time being be attending on or accompanying the forces to which this Act applies, or any part thereof, for the purpose of trading, amusement, or any other purpose whatever, and are not or is not subject to the Mutiny Act and Articles of War, but shall not include any owner or occupier of lands when on the lands owned or occupied by him:

The expression "damage to lands " includes damage to trees, underwoods, crops, animals, or other property on such A a 3

282

Ch. 58.

Military Manoeuvres.

36 & 37 Vict.

Time during which Act is to remain in force.

See preamble.

lands, and also any loss or injury that may be sustained by the occupier of any such lands on account of his being unable to cultivate and sow com or other seeds on such lands during such occupation and passing over such lands; also any loss or injury sustained by any occupier from shutting up and securing his cattle or sheep in folds or farmyards; also any loss or injury sustained by any person by the damming up of any running stream, or by injury to or exhaustion of any pond or source of water, or by the use of any private or occupation roads; and " lands " includes lands covered by water:

The expression "arms, munitions of war, and stores" includes all matters and things required for the use of the forces to whom this Act applies, or any part thereof, and all animals and conveyances used for the conveyance of such matters or things; also all animals used for the food of the forces, or any part thereof:

The expression "unenclosed lands " includes any unfenced or open lands.

Duration of Act

13. This Act, in so far as it relates to the power of the forces or any part thereof, to pass over and occupy land, shall remain in force till the first day of October next, and no longer, but in so far as it relates to the giving of compensation for damage caused by the passage or occupation of such forces, shall remain in force till the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and no longer.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Area firstly described.

Cannock Chase.

For the purposes of this Act the area therein referred to, as firstly described in the first Schedule, shall be deemed to be enclosed by a boundary line commencing in the centre of the high road leading from Bloxwich to Cannock at a point half a mile to the south of the Great Wyrley toll-gate, and running in a northerly direction along the centre of the above high road through the town of Cannock to the point where the said road is crossed on the level by the Trent Valley Railway at a distance of about one mile to the south of the town of Stafford, thence along the above-named railway to Lichfield Junction, thence along the South Staffordshire Railway to the Brownhills station, thence along an imaginary straight line to the point in the centre of the high road leading from Bloxwich to Cannock, about half a mile south of the Great Wyrley toll-gate.

Area secondly described.

Dartmoor.

For the purposes of this Act the area therein referred to, as secondly described in the first Schedule, shall be deemed to be enclosed by a boundary line commencing at the point of junction of the rivers Tavy and Wallcomb, and running along the centre of the latter river to a point where that river turns to the north, about one mile to the north-east of Great Mis Tor, thence along an imaginary straight line to Moorgate Toll, thence along an imaginary line passing through Hathercombe and Withercombe to Holne, thence along an imaginary straight line , to the paper mills, situate at a distance of about half a mile to the south of Fernhill, thence along an imaginary straight line to Axter gate, thence along an imaginary straight line to Pound, and thence along an imaginary straight line to the point of junction of the rivers Tavy and Wallcomb.

SECOND SCHEDULE. See section 11.

Part I.

Camping Grounds on the March to and from Cannock

Chase.

(L)

Charley Wood Common, — near Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire.

(2.)

Berkhampstead Common, Hertfordshire.

(3.)

Rammamere Heath, Bedfordshire.

' (4.)

Stony Stratford. — A field at the north of the town, about 6 acres in extent, in the occupation of Rev. — Thomas.

(5.)

Dunsmore Heath. — Field in the occupation of Mr. Broomidge, 20 acres, about 300 yards off London Road, and midway between Dunchurch and Coventry; the road to it turning off at a place called " Frog Hall."

(6.)

Nuneaton. — A field of acres belonging to Mr. Spencer.

(7-)

Tamworth. — Staffordshire Moor, 50 yards from main road, close to town of Tamworth, 300 yards from the river " Tame."

PART II. See section 11.

Camping Grounds on the March to and from Dartmoor.

Mardon Down.

(i-)

p OS

284

Ch. 58, 59.

Military Manoeuvres.

36 & 37 Vict.

& 7 Vict. 94.

(20.

Dartington Deer Park. — Consisting of a spaco of about forty acres enclosed by walls and by the river Dart, commonly known as Dartington Deer Park, together with the two meadows adjacent to Dartington Deer Park on the west, containing respectively seven and nine acres, and in the occupation of Mr. Watson.

(3.)

Totnes Racecourse. — Consisting of meadow land known as Totnes Racecourse, together with the meadow adjacent thereto on the east, containing about five acres, and in the occupation of Mr. Skinner, and the meadow lying to the north-west of the racecourse bounded by the river Dart, the mill leat, and the line of the South Devon Railway Company, containing about four acres, and in the occupation of Mr. Skinner aforesaid, and the four meadows adjacent to the racecourse on the south-west, containing respectively about seven acres, five acres, four acres, and three acres, and in the occupation of Mr. Heath.

(4°

Western Beacon. — Being the area enclosed by a boundary line commencing at the central point of the summit of the hill called the Western Beacon, and running from thence along an imaginary straight line to Addicombe, thence along the road which leads from Addicombe to Ivy Bridge to a point in that road distant one mile from Ivy Bridge, thence along an imaginary straight line to a point distant due east from the said point one thousand yards, and thence along an imaginary straight line to the point of commencement of the boundary line on the summit of the said Western Beacon.

(5.)

Ducks Marsh. — Being that piece of land containing about twelve acres, situate in the parish of Alphington, in the county of Devon, and known as " Ducks Marsh."

CHAPTER 59.

An Act for regulating and extending the Jurisdiction in matters connected with the Slave Trade of the Vice-Admiralty Court at Aden, and of Her Majesty's Consuls under Treaties with the Sovereigns of Zanzibar, Muscat, and Madagascar, and under future Treaties.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS treaties for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade have been made by or on behalf of Her Majesty with chiefs or states in Arabia, and on the shores of the Persian Gulf, and on the east coast of Africa, and in the islands of Madagascar and Zanzibar, and the Comoro islands: And whereas by the Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1843, it was among other things enacted " that it is and shall be lawful " for Her Majesty to hold, exercise, and enjoy any power or

Slave Trade (East African Courts).

Ch. 59.

285

" jurisdiction which Her Majesty now hath or may at any " time hereafter have within any country or place out of Her Majesty's dominions in the same and as ample a manner as " if Her Majesty had acquired such power or jurisdiction by " the cession or conquest of territory

And whereas by various treaties Her Majesty is empowered to exercise jurisdiction within the dominions of the Sultan of Zanzibar, the Imaum of Muscat, and the Sovereign of Madagascar, in regard to vessels captured on suspicion of being engaged in the slave trade:

And whereas by an Order in Council relating to the dominions of the Sultan of Zanzibar, and dated the ninth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and another Order in Council relating to the dominions of the Imaum of Muscat, and dated the fourth day of November one thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and a third Order in Council relating to the dominions of the Sovereign of Madagascar, and dated the fourth day of February one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, it was in each case ordered that Her Majesty's consul within the dominions to which the order relates should, for and within the said dominions, and in regard to vessels captured on suspicion of being engaged in the slave trade within those dominions, have all such jurisdiction as for the time being ordinarily belongs to courts of vice-admiralty in Her Majesty's possessions abroad:

And whereas a vice-admiralty court has been established at Aden, but has only a limited jurisdiction in matters relating to the slave trade:

And whereas by " The Slave Trade Jurisdiction (Zanzibar) 32 & 33 Vict Act, 1869," provision was made for the exercise of the said c- 75; jurisdiction by Her Majesty's consul within the dominions of the Sultan of Zanzibar:

And whereas it is expedient to make further provision for the exercise of the said jurisdiction by Her Majesty's consuls within the dominions of the Sovereigns of Zanzibar, Muscat, and Madagascar, and for the exercise of jurisdiction in matters relating to the slave trade by the Vice-Admiralty Court at Aden:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873.

2« In this Act Definition of

The term "vessel" means any vessel used in navigation: terms.

The term "treaty " includes any convention, agreement, engagement, or arrangement:

286

Ch. 59. Slave Trade (East African Courts). 36 & 37 Vict.

Jurisdiction of courts in regard to slave vessels, slaves, goods, and effects.

Appeal to Her Majesty in Council.

The term "foreign state " includes any foreign nation, people, tribe, sovereign, prince, chief, or head man:

The term "existing East African slave trade treaty" means a treaty made by or on behalf of Her Majesty with any foreign state in Arabia or on the east coast of Africa, or the shores of the Persian Gulf, or in any island lying off Arabia, or off such coast or shores, including the islands of Zanzibar and Madagascar and the Comoro islands, for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade, and in force at the passing of this Act:

The term "East African courts" means the Vice-Admiralty Court at Aden, and any of Her Majesty's consuls within the dominions of the Sovereigns of Zanzibar, Muscat, and Madagascar, when exercising jurisdiction in pursuance of the recited Orders in Council.

3. All jurisdiction which is by any Act conferred on the Vice-Admiralty Courts in Her Majesty's possessions abroad, in regard to British vessels seized by the commander or officer of any of Her Majesty's ships on suspicion of being engaged in or fitted out for the slave trade, and in regard to the persons, slaves, goods, and effects on board thereof, is hereby conferred on the East African courts, in regard to vessels seized by the commander or officer of any of Her Majesty's ships on suspicion of being engaged in or fitted out for the slave trade, and to the persons, slaves, goods, and effects on board thereof, in the following cases; namely,

(1.) Where the vessel seized is a British vessel;

(2.) Where the vessel seized has been seized in pursuance of any existing East African slave trade treaty; and

(3.) Where the vessel seized is not shown to the court to be entitled to claim the protection of the flag of any foreign state.

Each of the East African courts shall have the same jurisdiction in regard to any person who has been seized either at sea or land, on the ground that he has or is suspected to have been detained as a slave, for the purpose of the slave trade, as the court would have under this section if he had been so detained on board a vessel that was seized and brought in for adjudication.

All jurisdiction exercised under this section shall for the purposes of any such Act as above mentioned be deemed to be exercised in pursuance of that Act.

4. The provisions of the Vice-Admiralty Courts Act, 18G3, with respect to appeals to Her Majesty in Council from any decree or order of a Vice-Admiralty Court shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to appeals from any decree or order of the East African courts made or purporting to be made in the exercise of their jurisdiction under this Act

Slave Trade {East African Courts).

Ch. 59.

287

5. The provisions of the Vice-Admiralty Courts Act, 1863, with respect to rules touching the practice to be observed in the Vice-Admiralty Courts, and tables of fees to be taken by the officers and practitioners thereof, shall apply in like manner as if they were herein enacted, with the substitution of the East African Courts for the Vice-Admiralty Courts, and of the place in which any such court is held for the British possession in which the Vice-Admiralty Court is established.

6. This Act shall apply to all cases of vessels, slaves, goods, and effects seized by the commander or officer of any of Her Majesty's ships, and adjudicated upon by any of the East African courts, whether before or after the passing of this Act.

7. Where any treaty in relation to the slave trade is made after the passing of this Act, by or on behalf of Her Majesty, with any foreign state in Arabia, or on the east coast of Africa, or on the shores of the Persian Gulf, or in any island lying off Arabia or off such coast or shores, including the islands of Zanzibar and Madagascar and the Comoro islands, Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that as from such date, not being earlier than the date of the treaty, as may be specified in the order, such treaty shall be deemed, and thereupon (as from the said date, or if no date is specified, as from the date of such order) such treaty shall be deemed to be an existing East African slave trade treaty within the meaning of this Act, and the provisions of this Act shall apply and be construed accordingly.

Her Majesty may by such order, or any subsequent order referring to the same treaty, render the application of this Act subject to such conditions, exceptions, and qualifications as may be deemed expedient, and limit or exclude the jurisdiction of any of the East African courts.

Her Majesty may by such order, or any subsequent order referring to the same treaty, direct that any court, consul, or person authorised by or in pursuance of an Order in Council to exercise within the dominions of the foreign state with whom the treaty is made jurisdiction in matters relating to the slave trade, shall, subject to the conditions, exceptions, and limitations, if any, contained in the order, exercise all the jurisdiction conferred by this Act on the East African courts; and such court, consul, or person when exercising such jurisdiction, shall be deemed to be one of the East African courts within the meaning of this Act.

Every such order shall recite or embody the terms of the treaty, so far as they relate to the slave trade, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within six weeks after it is made, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, within six weeks after the then next meeting of Parliament, and shall also be published in the London Gazette.

Making of rales and tables of fees under 26 & 27 Vict. c. 24. ss. 14 to 18.

Application of Act to cases already adjudicated.

Extension of Act to future treaties.

288

Ch. 59, 60. Slave Trade (East African Courts). 36 & 37 Vict.

A treaty, whether made before or after the passing of this Act, which ceases to be in force, shall cease to be an existing East African slave trade treaty within the meaning of this Act.

Act in sche- 8. The Act specified in the schedule to this Act is hereby dule repealed. repealed.

Provided that —

(1.) All bounties and other sums purporting to have been paid in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed before the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been duly paid:

(2.) This repeal shall not affect —

(a.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; or (b.) Any right, privilege, obligation, liability, or forfeiture acquired, accrued, or incurred under any enactment hereby repealed; or (c.) Any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, privilege, obligation, liability, or forfeiture as aforesaid, or any legal proceeding taken or commenced under any enactment hereby repealed; and any such investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be carried on and all acts consequential thereon done as if it had been commenced under this Act.

SCHEDULE.

Year and Chapter. Title.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 75. An Act to regulate and extend the jurisdiction of Her Majesty's Consul at Zanzibar in regard to vessels captured on suspicion of being engaged in the slave trade, and for other purposes relating thereto.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to amend the Extradition Act, 1870.

[5th August 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Construction of L This Act shall be construed as one with the Extradition Act and short Act, 1870, (in this Act referred to as the principal Act,) and

Extradition Act, 3870 (Arriendment). Ch. 60.

289

the principal Act and this Acfc may be cited together as the Extradition Acts, 1870 and 1873, and this Act may be cited alone as the Extradition Act, 1873.

2. Whereas by section six of the principal Act it is enacted as follows:

" Where this Act applies in the case of any foreign state, (t every fugitive criminal of that state who is in or suspected of " being in any part of Her Majesty's dominions, or that part " which is specified in the order applying this Act (as the case " may be), shall be liable to be apprehended and surrendered " in manner provided by this Act, whether the crime in respect of which the surrender is sought was committed before " or after the date of the order, and whether there is or is not " any concurrent jurisdiction in any Court of Her Majesty's " dominions over that crime."

And whereas doubts have arisen as to the application of the said section to crimes committed before the passing of the principal Act, and it is expedient to remove such doubts, it is therefore hereby declared that —

A crime committed before the date of the order includes in the said section a crime committed before the passing of the principal Act, and the principal Act and this Act shall be construed accordingly.

3. Whereas a person who is accessory before or after the fact, or counsels, procures, commands, aids, or abets the commission of any indictable offence, is by English law liable to be tried and punished as if he were the principal offender, but doubts have arisen whether such person as well as the principal offender can be surrendered under the principal Act, and it is expedient to remove such doubts; it is therefore hereby declared that —

Every person who is accused or convicted of having counselled, procured, commanded, aided, or abetted the commission of any extradition crime, or of being accessory before or after the fact to any extradition crime, shall be deemed, for the purposes of the principal Act and this Act, to be accused or convicted of having committed such crime, and shall be liable to be apprehended and surrendered accordingly.

4. Be it declared, that the provisions of the principal Act relating to depositions and statements on oath taken in a foreign state, and copies of such original depositions and statements, do and shall extend to affirmations taken in a foreign state, and copies of such affirmations.

5. A Secretary of State may, by order under his hand and seal, require a police magistrate or a justice of the peace to take evidence for the purposes of any criminal matter pending in any court or tribunal in any foreign state; and the police

33 & 34 Vict. c. 52.

Explanation of sect 6 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 52.

Liability of accessories to be surrendered.

Explanation of sect. 14.ofSS& 84 Vict c. 52. as to statements on oath including affirmations.

Power of taking evidence in United Kingdom for foreign criminal matters.

Explanation of sect. 16. of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 52.

Explanation of diplomatic representative and consul.

Addition to list of crimes in schedule.

24 & 25 Vict c. 96., &c.

Ch. 60. Extradition Act, 1870 (Amendment). 36 & 37 Vict.

magistrate or justice of the peace, upon the receipt of such order, shall take the evidence of every witness appearing before him for the purpose in like manner as if such witness appeared on a charge against some defendant for an indictable offence, and shall certify at the foot of the depositions so taken that such evidence was taken before him, and shall transmit the same to the Secretary of State; such evidence may be taken in the presence or absence of the person charged, if any, and the fact of such presence or absence shall be stated in such deposition.

Any person may, after payment or tender to him of a reasonable sum for his costs and expenses in this behalf, be compelled, for the purposes of this section, to attend and give evidence and answer questions and produce documents, in like manner and subject to the like conditions as he may in the case of a charge preferred for an indictable offence.

Every person who wilfully gives false evidence before a police magistrate or justice of the peace under this section shall be guilty of perjury.

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply in the case of any criminal matter of a political character.

6. The jurisdiction conferred by section sixteen of the principal Act on a stipendiary magistrate, and a sheriff or sheriff substitute, shall be deemed to be in addition to, and not in derogation or exclusion of, the jurisdiction of the police magistrate.

7. For the purposes of the principal Act and this Act a diplomatic representative of a foreign state shall be deemed to include any person recognised by the Secretary of State as a consul-general of that state, and a consul, or vice-consul shall be deemed to include any person recognised by the governor of a British possession as a consular officer of a foreign state.

8. The principal Act shall be construed as if there were included in the first schedule to that Act the list of crimes contained in the schedule to this Act.

SCHEDULE.

List of Crimes.

The following list of crimes is to be construed according to the law existing in England or in a British possession (as the case may be) at the date of the alleged crime, whether by common law or by statute made before or after the passing of this Act:

Kidnapping and falfee imprisonment.

Perjury, and subornation of perjury, whether under common or statute law.

Any indictable offence under the Larceny Act, 1861, or any Act amending or substituted for the same, which is not included in the first schedule to the principal Act.

291

1873. Extradition Act, 1870 (Amendment). Ch. 60, 61.

Any indictable offence under the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-seven," To consolidate and amend the statute law of " England and Ireland relating to malicious injuries to property," or any Act amending or substituted for the same, which is not included in the first schedule to the principal Act.

Any indictable offence under the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-eight," To consolidate and amend the statute law of " England and Ireland, relating to indictable offences by forgery," or any Act amending or substituted for the same, which is not included in the first schedule to the principal Act.

Any indictable offence under the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-nine," To consolidate and amend the statute law of the United Kingdom against offences relating to the coin," or any Act amending or substituted for the same, which is not included in the first schedule to the principal Act.

Any indictable offence under the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred," To consolidate and amend the statute law of " England and Ireland relating to offences against the person," or any Act amending or substituted for the same, which is not included in the first schedule to the principal Act.

Any indictable offence under the laws for the time being in force in relation to bankruptcy which is not included in the first schedule to the principal Act.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to explain and amend the Crown Private Estates Act, 1862.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of the twenty- 25 & 26 Vict fifth and twenty-sixth years of Her present Majesty, c*87 intituled An Act to remove doubts concerning, and to amend " the law relating to, the private Estates of Her Majesty,

" her heirs and successors/' certain provisions are made concerning the private estates of Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, including under that description any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, leases, and hereditaments, and other real or heritable property and estate, of whatsoever tenure the same may be, whether situate or arising in England,

Scotland, or Ireland, or in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions, which had at any time theretofore been purchased or acquired by Her Majesty, or should at any time thereafter be purchased or acquired by Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, out of any moneys issued and applied for the use of her or their privy purse, or with any other moneys not appro-

}mated to any public service, and any manors, messuages, ands, tenements, leases, and hereditaments, and other real or heritable property and estate, of whatsoever tenure the same

Bb 2

292

Ch. 61.

Crown Private Estates.

36 & 37 Vict.

may be, whether situate or arising in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions, which had come to Her Majesty, or should or might come to Her Majesty, or her heirs or successors, by the gift or devise or disposition of, or by descent, inheritance, or succession, or otherwise, from any of her or their ancestors, or any other person or persons not being kings or queens of this realm, and any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, leases, and hereditaments, and other real or heritable property and estate, of whatsoever tenure the same may be, and whether situate or arising in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions, which did or should belong to Her Majesty, or her heirs or successors, or to any person or persons in trust for her or them, at the time of her or their respective accessions to the Crown of this realm, and which before such accession she or they respectively might have legally granted, sold, given, devised, disponed, or conveyed: And whereas it may be doubtful whether, under the terms of the said Act, any such private estates of Her Majesty, or of her heirs or successors as therein mentioned, which under or by virtue of any gift, devise, or other disposition thereof made by Her Majesty, or by any of her heirs or successors, may become vested in any person who, at the time of such vesting or at any time afterwards, may be or become king or queen of this realm, will be, or, after the accession of such person to the Crown of this realm, continue to be held as his or her private estates; and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Recited Act 1. All the provisions of the said Act of the session of the extended to twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of Her present Majesty, devie^byHer of this Act, concerning the private estates of Her Majesty, Majesty, &c. her heirs or successors, shall extend and apply to all manors, messuages, lands, tenements, leases, and hereditaments, and other real or heritable property and estate, of whatsoever tenure the same may be, whether situate or arising in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or in any other part of Her Majesty's dominions, which, under or by virtue of any gift, devise, or disposition made by Her Majesty, or by any of her heirs or successors, of any part of her or his private estates, shall become vested in any person who may at the time of such vesting, or at any time afterwards, be or become King or Queen of this realm, unless in or by the instrument whereby such gift, devise, or disposition shall be made, an intention shall be expressed that such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, leases, hereditaments, or other property or estate shall not be, or after the accession of any person entitled thereto

1873.

Crown Private Estates.

Ch..61, 62. 298

to the Crown of this realm, continue to be held as such private estates.

2. Section three of the Act of the session of the third and Sect s. of 3 & fourth William the Fourth, chapter one hundred and six, for extended to06* the amendment of the law of inheritance, shall extend and private estates apply to the private estates of Her Majesty, her heirs or sue- of Her Majesty, cessors, and to any devise or assurance by Her Majesty, her &c '

lieir3 or successors, of such private estates.

3. The provisions contained in section eleven of "The Section li of Crown Private Estates Act, 1862," relating to suits and 26 actions, shall extend and apply to the private estates of Her cer£*n pri- Majesty, her heirs or successors, which may not be vested vate estates of in a trustee or trustees, wheresoever the same be situate or M%Je8t7» arising; and any suit, action, or other proceeding in any part

of Her Majesty's dominions relating to any debt or liability to, or any claim or demand by Her Majesty, or any of her heirs or successors, in right or respect of her or his privy purse, or of any personal estate or effects, subject to disposition by her or his last will and testament, may be sued, brought, prosecuted, and taken on behalf of Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, by and in the name or names of any person or persons to be from time to time for that purpose appointed, in manner prescribed by the eleventh section of "The Crown Private Estates Act, 1862."

4. Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall take Saving rights away or interfere with any right or remedy by any law or of HerM^e*ty. statute competent to Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, in

regard to the private estates of Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, or to her or his privy purse, or to any personal estate or effects subject to disposition by her or his last will and testament.

[Short title.]

5. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Crown Private Estates Act, 1873."

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to amend section twenty-four of the Public Schools Act, 1868, with respect to the property of Eton College.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS by section twenty-four of the Public Schools 81 & 32 Vict.

» Act, 1868, it is provided that the new governing body U8-of Eton may ''submit to the special commissioners, and if " approved of by them lay a scheme or schemes before Her Majesty in Council for dealing with the estates of Eton " College in such manner as to bring the whole of them, so " soon as it may be thought expedient, into a system of being

Bb 3

294 Ch. 62. Public Schools (Eton College Property). 36 & 37 Vict.

(C let at rackrent instead of being let on leases renewable on " payment of fines; and the said governing body may in such " scheme or schemes provide for raising by mortgage of the t(college estates or any of them" sums for the purposes therein mentioned; and it may be provided in such scheme that the amount of moneys to be raised by mortgage and the working of the scheme shall be subject to the control of such department of the Government, or persons appointed by a department of the Government, as may seem good to the special commissioners:

And whereas a scheme has been made under the said section, but by reason of the amount of the growing annual charge under such scheme on the income of the college the governing body will have no money at their disposal for the improvement of Eton School for some years to come:

And whereas with a view to the improvement of Eton School and the building of new buildings for the benefit of the school, and to the improvement and better management of the Eton College estates and the bringing them into a system of being let at rackrent instead of being let on leases renewable on payment of fines, it is expedient to extend in manner herein-after mentioned the provisions which can be made by a scheme under the said section:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this 'present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

Extension of sect. 24 of 81 & 82 Vict o. 118. as to scheme for dealing with Eton College property.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 114.

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Schools (Eton College Property) Act, 1873.

2. Any scheme or schemes under section twenty-four of the Public Schools Act, 1868, with reference to Eton College, may provide for the raising of money for all or any of the following purposes, namely:

(a.) To pay off any mortgage or debt charged on the college estates, or any part thereof, and

(6.) To effect in the college estates any improvement of land within the meaning of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, and

(c.) To effect improvements for the benefit of Eton College or School, and for that purpose to repair, improve, enlarge, and add to the buildings belonging to Eton College or School, build new buildings, and purchase land, and

(d.) To purchase the interest of any lessee under any lease for years, or for a life or lives in any part of the college estates.

Moreover, any scheme or schemes under the said section may provide for raising money for the purposes of the scheme (whether such purposes are mentioned in the said section or

295

1873. Public Schools (Eton College Property). Ch. 62, 63.

in this section), either wholly or partly, by sale (instead of by mortgage) from time to time of part of the college estates, or of any estate or interest therein belonging to the college, and may revoke or vaiy all or any part of any scheme previously made under the said section, whether before or after the passing of this Act, without prejudice to anything done or suffered under such scheme.

Provided that every such sale shall be subject to such control as is mentioned in section twenty-four of the Public Schools Act, 1868, or if the scheme make no provision for such control, to the consent of the Copyhold Commissioners.

All moneys arising from any sale or mortgage in pursuance of any *such scheme may, until applied for the purposes of the scheme, be invested in Government securities in the name of the Provost and Fellows of Eton College, or in manner directed by the scheme.

3. Where the consent of the department of the Government, Protection of persons, or commissioners to whose control or consent a sale in Purctaser* pursuance of any scheme under section twenty-four of the Public Schools Act, 1868, is subject, is given to any sale by the governing body of Eton College, the purchaser shall not be bound to inquire whether the sale is or is not within the powers or in accordance with the provisions of the scheme or this Act, and shall not be bound to inquire into the application of the purchase money, or be responsible for the misapplication or nonapplication thereof.

CHAPTER 03.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Law Agents practising in Scotland.

[5th August 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The following words and expressions when used in this Interpretation Act shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them; that is of terms-to say,

"The Court 99 shall mean the Court of Session: w Law Agent19 shall include Writers to the Signet, Solicitors in the Supreme Courts, Procurators in any Sheriff Court, and every person entitled to practise as an agent in a court of law in Scotland: u Enrolled Law Agent" shall mean any Law Agent enrolled pursuant to the provisions of this Act:

"The Registrar" shall mean the Registrar of Law Agents under this Act.

Ch. 63.

Lem Agents (Scotland). 86 & 37 Vict.

Admission, enrolment, and powers of Law Agents.

2. From and after the passing of this Act no person shall be admitted as a Law Agent in Scotland except in accordance with the provisions of tins Act

Every enrolled Law Agent shall be deemed to be admitted, and, subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to stamp duty and subscribing the roll of Law Agents appointed to be kept for the Court of Session and the several Sheriff Courts respectively, shall be entitled to practise in any court of law in Scotland.

Lists to be cer- 3. On or before the first day of February eighteen hundred bei^offcrtaln an<* seventy-four the Deputy Keeper of the Signet, or other Societies! person to be appointed for the purpose by the Society of Writers to the Signet, the President of the Incorporated Society of Solicitors in the Supreme Courts, or other person to be appointed for the purpose by that Society, and the President or Dean of each Society of Law Agents which before the passing of "The Procurators (Scotland) Act, 1865," was incorporated by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter, or other person to be appointed for the purpose by each such Society, shall respectively prepare and deliver to the Registrar certified lists containing the names and designations of all persons who then are members of such Societies respectively, and the Registrar to Registrar shall enrol as a Law Agent every such person on enro em. applying to be enrolled and grant to him a certificate of

bis enrolment.

Lists of Procu- 4. The Sheriff Clerk of each county shall, on or before certified0 b° day of February eighteen hundred and seventy-four,

prepare and deliver to the Registrar certified lists containing the names and designations of all persons admitted as Procurators in the Sheriff Court of the county previous to that date and not included in any of the lists delivered under the Registrar to preceding section, and the Registrar shall enrol as a Law

enroi them. Agent every such person on his applying to be enrolled and

grant to him a certificate of his enrolment.

Provisions as 5# With respect to the qualifications for admission as Law cation of^pli- -^genfo under this Act the following provisions shall have cants for admis- effect:

sion as Law Agents in future.

(1.) An applicant for admission must be twenty-one years of age, and must, except in the cases after mentioned, have served an apprenticeship of five years with a practising Law Agent, or with a Sheriff Clerk in office at the passing of this Act.

(2.) An apprenticeship entered upon after the passing of this Act must be served under indenture, and the indenture shall be recorded in the register of probative writs of the county in which the same is entered into and intimated to the Registrar within six months from the date fixed for the commence-

Law Agents (jScotland).

Ch. 63.

297

ment of the apprenticeship, and any assignation of such indenture shall be intimated to the Registrar within six months of its date.

(3.) Any person who before the passing of this Act has entered upon an apprenticeship, with or without indenture, for a shorter term than five years, with a master qualified according to the law then existing, may serve, without indenture, with the same or another master the additional period necessary to make up five years.

(4.) When from necessary or reasonable cause the whole period of apprenticeship under an indenture cannot be completed with the master therein named, the remainder of the period may be completed with another qualified master.

(5.) A master may permit his apprentice to serve any part of his term, not exceeding two years, with another qualified master.

(6.) Any of the following persons shall be qualified to apply Cases in which for admission if he shall have served an apprentice- ^rm^f three6 ship as aforesaid for three years; that is to say, years will (a.) A person who, either before or after the 8ufficC« passing of this Act, shall for five years have been a clerk to, and engaged under the superintendence of a practising Law Agent, in such business as is usually transacted by Law Agents;

(6.) A person holding a degree in law or in arts of an University in Great Britain or Ireland granted after examination;

(c.) A member of the Faculty of Advocates;

(d.) A person who has been called to the degree of Utter Barrister in England;

(<e.) A person who has been admitted and enrolled as an attorney or solicitor in England.

6. Every person shall, before he be admitted a Law Agent Apprentices

according to this Act, make affidavit that he has actually before admis-served an apprenticeship to a qualified master or masters affidavit^6 during the whole time required by this Act. having served.

7. Any person qualified as herein-before provided may Admission and present to the Court a petition praying to be admitted as a enrolment of Law Agent, and the Court shall examine and inquire, by such Law Agents, ways and means as they shall think proper, touching the indenture and service and the fitness and capacity of such person to act as a Law Agent; and if the Court shall be satisfied by such examination, or by the certificate of examiners as herein-after mentioned, that such person is duly qualified and fit and competent to act as a Law Agent, then and not otherwise the Court shall cause him to be admitted a Law Agent and his name to be enrolled as such, which

Ch. 63.

The Court empowered to appoint Examiners.

Quorum of examiners, fees of examination, &c.

Exceptions to the rule that applicant shall undergo examination as to fitness to practise.

Law Agents (Scotland).

36 & 37 Vict.

admission shall be in writing and signed by a judge of the Court, and shall be stamped with the stamps required by law to be impressed on the admission of Law Agents.

The petition may be presented to any judge of the Court officiating as a Loiri Ordinary, and the proceedings under the same may take place and be conducted before the same or any other judge according to the judicial arrangements in the Court for the time being, and a single judge shall be entitled to act as the Court with reference to all petitions for admission as a Law Agent under this Act.

8. For the purpose of facilitating the inquiry touching the due service under indenture as aforesaid, and the fitness and capacity of any person to act as a Law Agent, it shall be lawful for the Judges of the Court (or any seven or* more of them, of whom the Lord President and Lord Justice Clerk shall be two,) from time to time to nominate and appoint fit and proper persons to be Examiners for the purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Judges from time to time to prescribe the subjects of examination in law and general knowledge, and to make rules for conducting such examinations, and also for entrance examinations of apprentices and intermediate examinations.

9. Three Examiners shall be a quorum at any examination, and the Examiners present shall appoint one of their number to be chairman, and each applicant shall, prior to his examination, pay two guineas to the chairman to be divided among the Examiners present.

10. During the period of three years immediately following the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court to admit an applicant although he shall not have complied with the provisions of this Act with respect to qualifications for admission, provided he shall establish to the satisfaction of the Court that at the date of the passing of this Act —

(1.) He was entitled to be admitted a Procurator under "The Procurators (Scotland) Act, 1865 or

(2.) He was in course of qualifying himself for admission according to the provisions of "The Procurators (Scotland) Act, 1865/* and that at the date of his application he would according to these provisions have been qualified to be taken upon examination by the Examiners under that Act, and shall undergo an examination under this Act; but no person who was under indenture at the passing of "The Procurators (Scotland) Act, 1865," or who had completed his term of apprenticeship prior to the passing of that Act, shall be required to undergo an examination in general knowledge under this Act.

Ch. 63.

Law Agents (Scotland).

299 '

(3.) He had been remitted to the General Council of Procurators for examination, and is before first October next certified by them to be qualified.

11. One of the principal, depute, or assistant, clerks of Appointment session, to be nominated from time to time by the* Lord dutie8 of President and Lord Justice Clerk, shall be the Registrar of Regl8trar *

Law Agents under this Act.

It shall be the duty of the Registrar to keep an alphabetical register of all enrolled Law Agents, and enrolment in such register shall be deemed to be enrolment under this Act, and he shall strike out the name of any Law Agent on an order of the Court, or on application made to him by such Agent in writing to that effect; and he shall on the application of any enrolled Iiaw Agent grant a certificate of his enrolment, and shall receive for each enrolment in the register and certificate of enrolment a fee of two shillings and sixpence.

The register shall be kept in the office, in the register house of the principal, depute, or assistant, clerk of session acting for the time as Registrar, and the Registrar shall, in keeping the same, and generally in the discharge of his duties, give obedience to such directions as he may from time to time receive from the Lord President and Lord Justice Clerk.

12. A roll of the Law Agents practising before the Court Roll to be kept of Session shall be kept by the clerk of the Lord President, of Agents prao-in such form as the Lord President may direct, and every Court of the enrolled Law Agent who has paid the stamp duty exigible Session.

by law on admission to practise as an Agent before the Court of Session shall be entitled to subscribe the said roll, and the said clerk shall be paid a fee of five shillings for each subscription, and every Agent shall, on subscribing the said roll, deliver to the said clerk a note specifying his place of business, and shall deliver a similar note so often as he shall change the same.

13. A roll of Agents practising in any Sheriff Court shall r0u to be kept be kept by the Sheriff Clerk in such form as the Lord Pre- of Agents prac-sident of the Court of Session may direct, and every enrolled s^riffCmuts Law Agent who has paid the stamp duty exigible by law on admission to practise as an Agent before a Sheriff Court shall be entitled to subscribe the said roll, and the Sheriff Clerk shall be paid a fee of five shillings for each subscription, and every Agent shall, on subscribing the said roll, deliver to the Sheriff Clerk a note specifying his place of business, and shall deliver a similar note so often as he shall change the same.

14. It shall be lawful for the Lord President of the Court Lord President of Session, from time to time, to issue rules and directions may make rules with respect to - the keeping and subscription of the rolls ^bscribSf^ directed to be kept by the two preceding sections, and such rolls.

Borrowing

process.

No one to practise before a Court unless be has subscribed the roll of Agents.

Provision as to Sheriff Court practitioner qualifying for enrolling as Agent in the Court of Session.

Enrolled Law Agents to be admitted as Notaries Public.

Ch. 63. Law Agents (Scotland). 36 & 37 Vict.

rules and directions shall be observed and obeyed by the several keepers of the said rolls.

The name of any person shall be struck off the said rolls, —

1. In obedience to the order of the Court, upon application duly made, and after hearing parties, or giving them an opportunity of being heard;

2. Upon his own written application.

15. A Law Agent shall not be entitled to borrow a process depending before any supreme court sitting in Edinburgh unless he shall have a place of business in Edinburgh or Leith; and a Law Agent shall not be entitled to borrow a process depending before an inferior court unless he shall have a place of business within the jurisdiction of such court

16. From and after the first day of February eighteen hundred and seventy-four no person shall be allowed to practise as an Agent in the Court of Session or any Sheriff Court until he shall have subscribed the roll of Agents practising before such Court, or after his name shall have been struck off such roll unless the same shall have been subsequently restored thereto.

17. An enrolled Law Agent who has paid the stamp duty exigible by law on admission to practise as an Agent in. a Sheriff Court shall be qualified to sign the roll of Agents practising in the Court of Session on paying the difference between such duty and the duty chargeable on admission to practise in the Court of Session.

18. Any enrolled Law Agent may apply to the Court to be admitted a Notary Public, and it shall be lawful for the Court to admit him, and grant warrant to the keeper of the roll or register of Notaries Public to enrol him as a Notary Public on his paying the stamp duty for the time exigible by law from a Notary Public on admission, and after the passing of this Act it shall not be necessary for any person to find caution on his admission as a Notary Public.

Societies may 19. Any Society of Law Agents may, notwithstanding any Law Agents*) statute, or usage hitherto in force, admit any enrolled membenhip. Law Agent to be a member of it on such terms as it may see fit.

Of admission 20. It shall be lawful for any Society of Law Agents to to membership accept of an apprenticeship for five years served under the ties*"8ocie- provisions of this Act with an enrolled Law Agent, although not a member of such Society, as a qualification for admission to such Society.

Agreements 21. Agreements between Law Agents acting for the same tet^eenAgenta client to share fees or profits shall be lawful, and a Law 8 g Agent authorised and acting for a client whom he discloses

Law Agenfs (Scotland).

301

shall incur no liability to any other Law Agent employed by him, except such as he shall expressly undertake in writing.

22. Every enrolled Law Agent shall be subject to the juris- Law Agents to diction of the Court in any complaint which may be made ^8a^ction°of against him for misconduct as a Law Agent, and it shall be the Court, lawful for the Court in either Division thereof to deal summarily with any such complaint and to do therein as shall be

just

23. Nothing in this Act contained shall interfere with the terferewitMaw obligation of any Law Agent to obtain a stamped certificate. M to certifi-

24. Any person, being a notary public, who has during The Court may,

the period of seven years immediately preceding the passing within dfce year of this Act regularly taken out a stamped certificate as ^ActTad?

required by law, and who has during the said period been mit notaries

engaged in actual practice as a Law Agent or Conveyancer public to be ° I, r ..., t*., -i . J enrolled, if they

as well as a notary public, may at any time within one year 7

after the passing of this Act be admitted as a Law Agent

under this Act, if the Court shall see fit, without making an

affidavit of having served an apprenticeship as herein-before

required, and without being subjected to examination.

25. From and after the first day of February one thousand Repealing eight hundred and seventy-four " The Procurators (Scotland) claaae-Act, 1865," shall be and the same is hereby repealed, but

such repeal shall not prevent societies which, prior to the passing of this Act, were formed under the said Act from continuing to exist as incorporated societies, and electing such office bearers as they please, and admitting members on such terms as they see fit; provided always, that it shall not be necessary for any agent admitted under this Act to become a member of any such society.

26. Except in so far as relates to striking the name of any Proviso as to

person off the roll of Law Agents, nothing in this Act shall powers

be held to affect the existing powers of inferior courts or the couru.* judges thereof over procurators practising before such courts,

so far as these powers may be necessary for supporting the,

jurisdiction and maintaining the authority of their several courts.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act for amending the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts, 1840 and 1850, and for other purposes.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS by the Lichfield Chapter Act, 1700, the 4 & s Anne, rectory of Tatenbill, otherwise Tattenhill, in the county xxxii- (pri-of Stafford, in the diocese of Lichfield (of the perpetual T*te'- C c

Ch. 64

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113. s. 60.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 94. 8. 19.

3 & 4 Vict c. 113. B. 66.

4 & 5 Vict c. 39. s. 20.

Application of 3 & 4 Vict c. 113. 8. 50. and 18 & 14 Vict C. 94.B. 19. to rectory of Tatenhill, and

EccledasticdL Cw^usioners. 36 & 37 Vict.

advowson whereof Her Majesty was seised in right of the Duchy of Lancaster) was annexed, as in the said Act stated, to the deanery of the cathedral church of Lichfield, in consideration of the small income arising to the dean of Lichfield out of the revenue of the church at Lichfield, and on condition that the dean of Lichfield and his successors should make such allowance to a curate or curates for the said parish as the bishop should for the time being appoint:

And whereas by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, all «the estate and interest which the holder of any deanery had in any lands or endowments whatsoever annexed to such deanery, and enjoyed by the holder of such deanery separately and in addition to his share of the corporate revenues of the chapter, were, after the next avoidance of such deanery, vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England:

And whereas it is provided by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850, to the effect that no dean of any cathedral or collegiate church appointed after the tenth of April one thousand eight hundred and fifty should hold with his deanery any benefice not situate within the city or town of the cathedral or collegiate church in which he was dean:

And whereas the rectory of Tatenhill is not situate within the city of Lichfield:

And whereas the Ecclesiastical Commissioners are required by an Order in Council, dated the fifteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and made in pursuance of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1841, to pay out of their common fund annual sums in order to make up the average annual receipts of the dean of Lichfield from the divisible corporate revenues of the chapter of Lichfield to an income of one thousand pounds:

And whereas it has been decided by the Court of Common Pleas that the above-recited enactments of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850, do not extend to the rectory of Tatenhill, with its lands and endowments, and it is expedient so to extend the same and to sever the said rectory from the deanery of Lichfield:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, Upon the avoidance of the deanery of Lichfield which happens next after the passing of this Act, the provisions of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840/and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850, and the enactments amending the same, shall apply to the lands and endowments of the rectory

1873.

Ettlesia&ticcU Commissioners.

Ch. 64.

303

of Tatenhill as if the same were lands and endowments annexed severance of to the deanery of Lichfield within the meaning of section fifty of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, above recited; Lichfield, and such rectory shall be severed from the deanery of Lichfield, and the perpetual advowson thereof shall be ^vested in Her Majesty, her heirs and successors.

2. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England (in this Scheme for Act referred to as the Commissioners), with the consent in carrying seve-writing of two of the Commissioners erf Her Majesty's Treasury mt0 and of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being on behalf of Her Majesty, may from time to time lay before Her Majesty in Council schemes for carrying into effect this Act and making the arrangements consequential on the severance of the rectory of Tatenhill from the deanery of Lichfield, and for making out of the lands and endowments of such rectory proper provision for the spiritual duties thereof, and of any new ecclesiastical parish or district formed either before or after the passing of this Act either wholly or partially out of the parish of Tatenhill, and for transferring to the incumbent of such rectory or new ecclesiastical parish any property for the purpose of the endowment thereof, and for making such incidental provisions as may be necessary for carrying into effect any of the above-mentioned objects, so nevertheless that the glebe and tithes of the said rectory shall be applied for the benefit of the said parish of Tatenhill and the ecclesiastical districts formed or to be formed out of such parish.

Such scheme may also, with the consent in writing of the person who is dean of Lichfield at the passing of this Act, direct that the provisions of such scheme, or any of them, and the severance of the rectory from the deanery, shall take effect either wholly or partly at any earlier date than the next avoidance of such deanery, and may provide for the same so taking effect upon the terms and conditions contained in the scheme, and the same shall accordingly take effect as if the deanery had been avoided; but save as aforesaid, b. scheme under this section shall not have any effect until the avoidance of the deanery of Lichfield which happens next after the passing of this Act.

3. Whereas by section fifty-one of the Ecclesiastical Com-Repeal of part missioners Act, 1840, certain provisions were made with respect to prebends, dignities, and offices in cathedral churches Ecclesiastical in England, subject to the following proviso: Provided always, Commissioners that nothing herein contained shall in any manner apply to Act> 1840* or affect any dignity, office, or prebend which is permanently annexed to any bishopric, archdeaconry, professorship, or lectureship, or to any school or the mastership thereof, or the prebends of Burgham, Bursalis, Exceit, and Wyndham in the

Cc 2

304

Ch. 64.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners. 36 & 37 Vict.

cathedral church of Chichester; and it is expedient to repeal part of the said proviso: Be it therefore enacted, that so much of the said proviso in section fifty-one of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, as relates to any dignity, office, or prebend which is permanently annexed to any bishopric shall be repealed as from the avoidance of the same bishopric which happens next after the passing of this Act, or as from any earlier date at which the bishop, by an instrument in writing under his hand, registered in the registry of the diocese of such bishopric, signifies his assent that such repeal shall take effect so far as regards his bishopric; and when such repeal takes effect (in the case of any bishopric) the said dignity, office, or prebend shall be severed from the bishopric, and shall be subject to the provisions of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, and the Acts amending the same relating to non-residentiary prebends.

Order in Conn- 4. Sections eighty-four to eighty-nine (both inclusive) of schem^to1^ Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, (which relate to made, &c. the making, publishing, and registering of an Order in Council

under s & 4 for ratifying a scheme, and to the laying the same before

Bs^to 89 Parliament,) shall apply to any scheme made under this Act, in the same manner as if they were herein enacted.

Order to effect 5. After the date of the publication of an Order in Council transfer without ratifying any scheme made in pursuance of this Act, or after STTs^ Vict. any later date at which such scheme is by this Act directed c. 1H. s. 6. to take effect, and without any further conveyance or act in the law, the property expressed to be thereby transferred shall (so far as the same can be vested by this Act) vest in the transferees and their successors, and (so far as the same cannot be so vested) shall be deemed to be held in trust for the transferees and their successors; subject nevertheless to the rights and liabilities affecting the same to which persons other than the Commissioners or the dean of Lichfield are entitled, except so far as any such persons assent in writing to the scheme.

Short titles of 0. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are Act8* in this Act referred to and may be cited by the short titles

set opposite their names, and this Act may be cited as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1873.

Ecclesiastical Canvmisdicmers, Ch. 64, 65.

305

SCHEDULE.

[Short title.]

Session and Chapter. Title.

4 & 5 Anne, c. xxxii. An Act for augmenting the The Lichfield Chap-

(Private.) number of canons residentiary in the cathedral church of Lichfield, and for improving the deanery and prebends of the said cathedral. ter Act, 1706.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113. - An Act to carry into effect, with certain modifications, the Fourth Report of the Commissioners of Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 39. - An Act to explain and amend two several Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1841.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 94. - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1850.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. An Act further to amend the Acts* relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and the Act concerning the management of episcopal and capitular estates in England. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1860.

CHAPTER 05.

An Act to regulate the Summoning of Grand Juries in the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS inconvenience has been found to exist by reason of the unnecessary summoning of grand juries to attend each term in the Court of Queen's Bench at Dublin:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act it shall not be Grand juries necessary, save as is herein-after provided, for the sheriff of the county of Dublin, or for the sheriff of the county of the the Court of city of Dublin, to summon a grand jury of the county of Queen's Bench Dublin, or a grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, to attend the Court of Queen's Bench at Dublin, unless such receive notice.

Cc 3

Ch. 65, 66. Court of Queen's Bench ()36 & 37 Vict.

(Grand Juries).

Not to apply to the grand jury that is summoned for the Presenting Term for the county of Dublin.

Power to Court to order jury to be summoned.

Power to Court to make rules.

Saving powers, &c. of Court.

sheriff shall have received a precept or order of the Court or a Judge thereof commanding him to summon such grand jury.

2. Nothing herein contained shall he held to apply to the grand jury of the county of Dublin now summoned to attend the Presenting Term for the county of Dublin; but notwithstanding anything herein contained the sheriff of the county of Dublin shall summon a grand jury of the county of Dublin to attend at the Court of Queen's Bench at Dublin on the first day of the Presenting Term for the county of Dublin as has been heretofore accustomed.

3. The said Court or any Judge thereof may at any time by precept or order command the said sheriffs respectively, or either of them, to summon a grand jury to attend the said Court at any period of its sittings, and the grand jury so summoned shall attend and serve accordingly.

4. The said Court may make such rules as it may deem necessary and proper to carry into effect the provisions of this Act, and such rules shall have the like force and effect as if herein enacted,

5. Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to lessen or affect the existing powers, authority, or jurisdiction of the Court of Queen's Bench, or the authority of any grand jury empannelled before the said Court.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act for the constitution of a Supreme Court, and for other purposes relating to the better Administration of Justice in England; and to authorise the transfer to the Appellate Division of such Supreme Court of the Jurisdiction of the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council.

[5th August 1873.]

justice in England:

And whereas it is also expedient to alter and amend the law relating to the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1873. Supreme Cowi't of Judicature. Ch. 66. 307

Preliminary.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the i(Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873."

2. This Act, except any provision thereof which is declared Commence-to take effect on the passing of this Act, shall commence and ment of Act# come into operation on the second day of November 1874.

PART L

Constitution and Judges of Supreme Court,

3. From and after the time appointed for the commence- Union of ex-ment of this Act, the several Courts herein-after mentioned,

(that is to say,) the High Court of Chancery of England, the preme Court. Court of Queen's Bench, the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, the Court of Exchequer, the High Court of Admiralty, the Court of Probate, the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, and the London Court of Bankruptcy, shall be united and consolidated together, and shall constitute, under and subject to the provisions of this Act, one Supreme Court of Judicature in England.

4. The said Supreme Court shall consist of two permanent Division of Divisions, one of which, under the name of " Her Majesty's ?^ Coim erf High Court of Justice," shall have and exercise original juris- original and a diction, with such appellate .jurisdiction from inferior Courts Court of appel-as is herein-after mentioned, and the other of which, under

the name of " Her Majesty's Court of Appeal," shall have and ' exercise appellate jurisdiction, with such original jurisdiction as herein-after mentioned as may be incident to the determination of any appeal.

5. Her Majesty's High Court of Justice shall be constituted Constitution of as follows: — The first Judges thereof shall be the Lord Court of Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Master Jus ce '

of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the several Vice-Chancellors of the High Court of Chancery, the Judge of the Court of Probate and of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, the several Puisne Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas respectively, the several Junior Barons of the Court of Exchequer, and the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, except such, if any, of the aforesaid Judges as shall be appointed ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal.

Subject to the provisions herein-after contained, whenever the office of a Judge of the said High Court shall become vacant, a new Judge may be appointed thereto by Her Majesty, by Letters Patent. All persons to be hereafter appointed to fill the places of the Lord Chief Justice of

Ch. 66.

Constitution of Court of Appeal.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

England, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron, and their successors respectively, shall continue to be appointed to the same respective offices, with the same precedence, and by the same respective titles, and in the same manner, respectively, as heretofore. Every Judge who shall be appointed to fill the place of any other Judge of the said High Court of Justice shall be styled in his appointment " Judge of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice," and shall be appointed in the same manner in which the Puisne Justices and Junior Barons of the Superior Courts of Common Law have been heretofore appointed: Provided always, that if at the commencement of this Act the number rof Puisne Justices and Junior Barons who shall become Judges of the said High Court shall exceed twelve in the whole, no new Judge of the said High Court shall be appointed in the place of any such Puisne Justice or Junior Baron who shall die or resign while such whole number shall exceed twelve, it being intended that the permanent number of Judges of the said High Court shall not exceed twenty-one.

All the Judges of the said Court shall have in all respects, save as in this Act is otherwise expressly provided, equal power, authority, and jurisdiction; and shall be addressed in the manner which is now customary in addressing the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law.

The Lord Chief Justice of England for the time being shall be President of the said High Court of Justice in the absence of the Lord Chancellor.

6. Her Majesty's Court of Appeal shall be constituted as follows: — There shall be five ex officio Judges thereof, and also so many ordinary Judges (not exceeding nine at any one time) as Her Majesty shall from time to time appoint. The ex officio Judges shall be the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer. The first ordinary Judges of the said Court shall be the existing Lords Justices of Appeal in Chancery, the existing salaried Judges of the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council, appointed under the "Judicial Committee Act, 1871," and such three other persons as Her Majesty may be pleased to appoint by Letters Patent; such appointment may be made either within one month before or at any time after the day appointed for the commencement of this Act, but if made before shall take effect at the commencement of this Act.

Besides the said ex officio Judges and ordinary Judges, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty (if she shall think fit) from time to time to appoint, under Her Royal Sign Manual, as additional Judges of the Court of Appeal, any persons who.

j

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

30fr

having held in England the office of a Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster hereby united and consolidated, or of Her Majesty's Supreme Court hereby constituted, or in Scotland the office of Lord Justice General or Lord Justice Clerk, or in Ireland the office of Lord Chancellor or Lord Justice of Appeal, or in India the office of Chief Justice of the High Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, or Madras, or Bombay, shall respectively signify in writing their willingness to serve as such additional Judges in the Court of Appeal No such additional Judge shall be deemed to have undertaken the duty of sitting in the Court of Appeal when prevented from so doing by attendance in the House of Lords, or on the discharge of any other public duty, or by any other reasonable impediment.

The ordinary and additional Judges of the Court of Appeal shall be styled Lords Justices of Appeal. All the Judges of the said Court shall have, in all respects, save as in this Act is otherwise expressly mentioned, equal power, authority, and jurisdiction.

Whenever the office of an ordinary Judge of the Court of Appeal becomes vacant, a new Judge may be appointed thereto by Her Majesty by Letters Patent.

The Lord Chancellor for the time being shall be President of the Court of Appeal.

7. The office of any Judge of the said High Court of Justice, Vacancies by or of the said Court of Appeal, may be vacated by resignation resignation of in writing, under his hand, addressed to the Lord Chancellor, without any deed of surrender; and the office of any Judge cies generally, of the said High Court shall be vacated by his being appointed a Judge of the said Court of Appeal. The said Courts respectively shall be deemed to be duly constituted during and notwithstanding any vacancy in the office of any Judge of either of such Courts.

8. Any barrister of not less than ten years standing shall Qualifications be qualified to be appointed a Judge of the said High Court of Justice; and any person who if this Act had not passed be°Serje^ts*£ would have been qualified by law to be appointed a Lord Law.

Justice of the Court of Appeal in Chancery, or has been a Judge of the High Court of Justice of not less than one year's standing, shall be qualified to be appointed an ordinary Judge of the said Court of Appeal: Provided that no person appointed a Judge of either of the said Courts shall henceforth be required to take, or to have taken, the degree of Serjeant-at-Law.

9. All the Judges of the High Court of Justice, and of the Tenure of office Court of Appeal respectively, shall hold their offices for life,

subject to a power of removal by Her Majesty, on an address judges not to presented to Her Majesty by both Houses of Parliament, sit in the House No Judge of either of the said Courts shall be capable of of Commons

Ch. 66.

31C

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

being elected to or of sitting in the House of Commons. Every Judge of either of the said Courts (other than the Lord Chancellor) when he enters on the execution of his office, shall take, in the presence of the Lord Chancellor, the oath of allegiance, and judicial oath as defined by the Promissory Oaths Act, 1868. The oaths to be taken by the Lord Chancellor shall be the same as heretofore.

Precedence of 10. The ex officio Judges of the Court of Appeal shall Judges. rank in the Supreme Court in the order of their present respective official precedence. The other Judges (whether ordinary or additional) of the Court of Appeal shall rank in the Supreme Court, if Peers or Privy Councillors, in the order of their respective precedence; and the rest of the Judges of the Court of Appeal shall rank according to the priority of their respective appointments to be Judges thereof.

The Judges of the High Court of Justice, who are not also Judges of the Court of Appeal, shall rank next after the Judges of the Court of Appeal, and among themselves (subject to the provisions herein-after contained as to existing Judges) according to the priority of their respective appointments.

Saving of rights U. Every existing Judge, who is by this Act made a Judge

e^st^atl0nS High Court of Justice or an ordinary Judge of the Judges. Court of Appeal, shall, as to tenure of office, rank, title, salary, pension, patronage, and powers of appointment or dismissal, and all other privileges and disqualifications, remain in the same condition as if this Act had not passed; and, subject to the change effected in their jurisdiction and duties by or in pursuance of the provisions of this Act, each of the said existing Judges shall ibe capable of performing and liable to perform all duties which he would have been capable of performing or liable to perform in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, law, or custom if this Act had not passed. No Judge appointed before the passing of this Act shall be required to act under any Commission of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, unless he was so liable by usage or custom at the commencement of this Act.

Service as a Judge in the High Court of Justice, or in the Court of Appeal, shall, in the case of an existing Judge, for the purpose of determining the length of service entitling such Judge to a pension on his retirement, be deemed to be a continuation of his service in the Court of which he is a Judge at the time of the commencement of this Act.

Provisions for extraordinary duties of Judges of the former Conrts.

12. If, in any case not expressly provided for by this Act, a liability to any duty, or any authority or power, not incident to the administration of justice in any Court, whose jurisdiction is transferred by this Act to the High Court of Justice, shall have been imposed or conferred by any statute, law, or custom upon the Judges or any Judge of any of such Courts.

Ch. 66.

311

Supreme Court of Judicature,

save as herein-after mentioned, every Judge of the said High Court shall be capable of performing and exercising, and shall be liable to perform and empowered to exercise every such duty, authority, and power, in the same manner as if this Act had not passed, and as if he had been duly appointed thex successor of a Judge liable to such duty, or possessing such authority or power, before the passing of this Act. Any such duty, authority, or power, imposed or conferred by any statute, law, or custom, in any such case as aforesaid, upon the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, or the Lord Chief Baron, shall continue to be performed and exercised by them respectively, and by their respective successors, in the same manner as if this Act had not passed.

13. Subject to the provisions in this Act contained with Salaries of respect to existing Judges, there shall be paid the following fature Judges, salaries, which shall in each case include any pension granted

in respect of any public office previously filled by him, to which the Judge may be entitled;

To the Lord Chancellor, the sums hitherto payable to him;

To the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the same annual sums which the holders of those offices now respectively receive;

To each of the ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal; and,

To each of the other Judges of the High Court of Justice, the sum of five thousand pounds a year.

No salary shall be payable to any additional Judge of the Court of Appeal appointed under this Act; but nothing in this Act shall in any way prejudice the right of any such additional Judge to any pension to which he may be by law entitled.

14. Her Majesty may, by Letters Patent, grant to any Judge Retiring pen-of the High Court of Justice, or to any ordinary Judge of the sions of future Court of Appeal who has served for fifteen years as a Judge in courf of jS?h such Courts, or either of them, or who is disabled by per- tice, and ordi-manent infirmity from the performance of the duties of his nary Judges of office, a pension, by way of annuity, to be continued during 0 Ap" his life:

In the case of the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the same amount of pension which at present might under the same circumstances be granted to the holder of the same office:

312 Ch. 66. Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

In the case of any ordinary Judge of the Court of Appeal or any other Judge of the High Court of Justice, the same amount of pension which at present might under the same circumstances be granted to a Puisne Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench.

Salaries and 15. Subject to the provisions in this Act contained with respect to existing Judges, the salaries, allowances, and pensions 0 payable to the Judges of the High Court of Justice, and the

ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal respectively, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing produce thereof: such salaries and pensions shall rgrow due from day to day, but shall be payable to the persons entitled thereto, or to their executors or administrators, on the usual quarterly days of payment, or at such other periods in every year as the Treasury may from time to time determine.

PART IL

Jurisdiction and Law.

Jurisdiction of 16. The High Court of Justice shall be .a Superior Court High Court of of Record, and, subject as in this Act mentioned, there shall ustice* be transferred to and vested in the said High Court of Justice the jurisdiction which, at the commencement of this Act, was vested in, or capable of being exercised by, all or any of the Courts following; (that is to say,)

(1.) The High Court of Chancery, as a Common Law Court as well as a Court of Equity, including the jurisdiction of the Master of the Rolls, as a Judge or Master of the Court of Chancery, and any jurisdiction exercised by him in relation to the Court of Chancery as a Common Law Court;

(2.) The Court of Queen's Bench;

(3.) The Court of Common Pleas at Westminster;

(4.) The Court of Exchequer, as a Court of Revenue, as well as a Common Law Court;

(5.) The High Court of Admiralty;

(6.) The Court of Probate;

(7.) The Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes;

(8.) The London Court of Bankruptcy;

(9.) The Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster;

(10.) The Court of Pleas at Durham;

(11.) The Courts created by Commissioners of Assize, of Oyer and Terminer, and of Gaol Delivery, or any of such Commissions:

The jurisdiction by this Act transferred to the High Court of Justice shall include (subject to the exceptions herein-after contained) the jurisdiction which, at the commencement of this Act, was vested in, or capable of being exercised by, all

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

313

or any one or more of the Judges of the said Courts, respectively, sitting in Court or Chambers, or elsewhere, when acting as Judges or a Judge, in pursuance of any statute, law, or custom, and all powers given to any such Court, or to any such Judges or Judge, by any statute; and also all ministerial powers, duties, and authorities, incident to any and every part of the jurisdictions so transferred.

17. There shall not be transferred to or vested in the said Jurisdiction High Court of Justice, by virtue of this Act, —

(1.) Any appellate jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal in Chancery, or of the same Court sitting as a Court of Appeal in Bankruptcy:

(2.) Any jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal in Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster:

(3.) Any jurisdiction usually vested in the Lord Chancellor or in the Lords Justices of Appeal in Chancery, or either of them, in relation to the custody of the persons and estates of idiots, lunatics, and persons of unsound mind:

(4.) Any jurisdiction vested in the Lord Chancellor in relation to grants of Letters Patent, or the issue of commissions or other writings, to be passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom:

(5.) Any jurisdiction exercised by the Lord Chancellor in right of or on behalf of Her Majesty as visitor of any College, or of any charitable or other foundation:

(6.) Any jurisdiction of the Master of the Rolls in relation to records in London or elsewhere in England.

18. The Court of Appeal established by this Act shall be Jurisdiction a Superior Court of Record, and there shall be transferred to and vested in such Court all jurisdiction and powers of the peal Courts following; (that is to say,)

(1.) All jurisdiction and powers of the Lord Chancellor and of the Court of Appeal in Chancery, in the exercise of his and its appellate jurisdiction, and of the same Court as a Court of Appeal in Bankruptcy:

(2.) All jurisdiction and powers of the Court of Appeal in Chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster, and all jurisdiction and powers of the Chancellor of the duchy and county palatine of Lancaster when sitting alone or apart from the Lords Justices of Appeal in Chancery as a Judge of re-hearing or appeal from decrees or orders of the Court of Chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster:

(3.) All jurisdiction and powers of the Court of the Lord Warden of the Stannaries assisted by his assessors, including all jurisdiction and powers of the said Lord Warden when sitting in his capacity of Judge:

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of JudAcatw'e. 36 & 37 Vict.

(4.) All jurisdiction and powers of the Court of Exchequer Chamber:

(5.) All jurisdiction vested in or capable of being exercised by Her Majesty in Council, or the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council, upon appeal from any judgment or order of the High Court of Admiralty, or from any order in lunacy made by the Lord Chancellor, or any other person having jurisdiction in lunacy.

Appeals from 19# The said Court of Appeal shall have jurisdiction and High Court. power to hear and determine Appeals from any judgment or order, save as herein-after mentioned, of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice, or of any Judges or Judge thereof, subject to the provisions of this Act, and to such Rules and Orders of Court for regulating the terms and conditions on which such appeals shall be allowed, as may be made pursuant to this Act.

For all the purposes of and incidental to the hearing and determination of any Appeal within its jurisdiction, and the amendment, execution, and enforcement of any judgment or order made on any such appeal, and for the purpose of every other authority expressly given to the Court of Appeal by this Act, the said Court of Appeal shall have all the power, authority, and jurisdiction by this Act vested in the High Court of Justice.

No appeal from 20. No error or appeal shall be brought from any judgment Court°r or or^er t'be High Court of Justice, or of the Court of peal to House Appeal, nor from any judgment or order, subsequent to the of Lords or commencement of this Act, of the Court of Chancery of the "Com- county palatine of Lancaster to the House of Lords or to the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council; but nothing in this Act shall prejudice any right existing at the commencement of this Act to prosecute any pending writ of error or appeal, or to bring error or appeal to the House of Lords or to Her Majesty in Council, or to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, from any prior judgment or order of any Court whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the High Court of Justice or to the Court of Appeal.

Power to trans- 21. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if she shall think of Ju^d^011 time hereafter by Order in Council to direct that

Committee by alI Appeals and Petitions whatsoever to Her Majesty in Order in Council which according to the laws now in force ought to be Council. heard by or before the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council, shall, from and after a time to be fixed by such Order, be referred for hearing to and be heard by Her Majesty's Court of Appeal; and from and after the time fixed by such Order, all such Appeals and Petitions shall be referred for hearing to and be heard by the said Court of Appeal accordingly, and shall not be heard by the said Judicial

1873. Supreme Court of Judicature. Ch. 66. 315

Committee; and for all the purposes of and incidental to the hearing of such Appeals or Petitions, and the reports to be made to Her Majesty thereon, and all orders thereon to be afterwards made by Her Majesty in Council, and also for all purposes of and incidental to the enforcement of any such Orders as may be made by the said Court of Appeal or by Her Majesty, pursuant to this section (but not for any other purpose), all the power, authority, and jurisdiction now by law vested in the said Judicial Committee shall be transferred to and vested in the said Court of Appeal

The Court of Appeal, when hearing any appeals in Ecclesiastical Causes which may be referred to it in manner aforesaid, shall be constituted of such and so many of the Judges thereof, and shall be assisted by such assessors being Archbishops or Bishops of the Church of England, as Her Majesty, by any General Rules made with the advice of the Judges of the said Court, or any five of them (of whom the Lord Chancellor shall be one), and of the Archbishops and Bishops who are members of Her Majesty's Privy Council, or any two of them (and which General Rules shall be made by Order in Council), may think fit to direct: Provided that such rules shall be laid before each House of Parliament within forty days of the making of the same, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not, then within forty days of the commencement of the then next ensuing session; and if an address is presented to Her Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent forty days on which the said House shall have sat, praying that any such rules may be annulled, Her Majesty may thereupon by Order in Council annul the same; and the rules so annulled shall thenceforth become void and of no effect, but without prejudice to the validity of any proceedings which may in the meantime have been taken under the same.

22. From and after the commencement of this Act the Transfer of several jurisdictions which by this Act are transferred to and vested in the said High Court of Justice and the said Court of Appeal respectively shall cease to be exercised, except by the said High Court of Justice and the said Court of Appeal respectively, as provided by this Act; and no further or other appointment of any Judge to any Court whose jurisdiction is so transferred shall be made except as provided by this Act:

Provided that in all causes, matters, and proceedings whatsoever which shall have been fully heard, and in which judgment shall not have been given, or having been given shall not have been signed, drawn up, passed, entered, or otherwise perfected at the time appointed for the commencement of this Act, such judgment, decree, rule, or order may be given or made, signed, drawn up, passed, entered, or perfected respectively, after the commencement of this Act, in the name of the same

Dd 2

316 Ch. 66. Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Court, and by the same judges and officers, and generally in the same manner, in all respects as if this Act had not passed; and the same shall take effect, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been duly perfected before the commencement of this Act; and every judgment, decree, rule, or order of any Court whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the said High Court of Justice or the said Court of Appeal, which shall have been duly perfected at any time before the commencement of this Act, may be executed and enforced, and, if necessary, amended or discharged by the said High Court of Justice and the said Court of Appeal respectively, in the same manner as if it had been a judgment, decree, rule, or order of the said High Court or of the said Court of Appeal; and all causes, matters, and proceedings whatsoever, whether Civil or Criminal, which shall be pending in any of the Courts whose jurisdiction is so transferred as aforesaid at the commencement of this Act, shall be continued and concluded, as follows (that is to say), in the case of proceedings in Error or on Appeal, or of proceedings before the Court of Appeal in Chancery, in and before Her Majesty's Court of Appeal; and, as to all other proceedings, in and before Her Majesty's High Court of Justice. The said Courts respectively shall have the same jurisdiction in relation to all such causes, matters, and proceedings as if the same had been commenced in the said High Court of Justice, and continued therein (or in the said Court of Appeal, as the case may be) down to the point at which the transfer takes place; and so far as relates to the form and manner of procedure, such causes, matters, and proceedings, or any of them, may be continued and concluded, in and before the said Courts respectively, either in the same or the like manner as they would have been continued and concluded in the respective Courts from which they shall have been transferred as aforesaid, or according to the ordinary course of the said High Court of Justice and the said Court of Appeal respectively (so far as the same may be applicable thereto), as the said Courts respectively may think fit to direct.

liules as to 23. The jurisdiction by this Act transferred to the said

fxe.^e.of High Court of Justice and the said Court of Appeal respec-

jun on. tively shall be exercised (so far as regards procedure and

practise) in the manner provided by this Act, or by such Rules and Orders of Court as may be made pursuant to this Act; and where no special provision is contained in this Act or in any such Rules or Orders of Court with reference thereto, it shall be exercised as nearly as may be in the same manner as the same might have been exercised by the respective Courts from which such jurisdiction shall have been transferred, or by any of such Courts.

Law and equity 24. In every civil cause or matter commenced in the High

to be concur- Court of Justice law and equity shall be administered by the

1873. Supreme Court of Judicature. Ch. 66. 317

High Court of Justice and the Court of Appeal respectively rently adminis-

according to the Eules following: tered *

(1.) If any plaintiff or petitioner claims to be entitled to any equitable estate or right, or to relief upon any equitable ground against any deed, instrument, or contract, or against any right, title, or claim whatsoever asserted by any defendant or respondent in such cause or matter, or to any relief founded upon a legal right, which heretofore could only have been given by a Court of Equity, the said Courts respectively, and every Judge thereof, shall give to such plaintiff or petitioner such and the same relief as ought to have been given by the Court of Chancery in a suit or proceeding for the same or the like purpose properly instituted before the passing of this Act

(2.) If any defendant claims to be entitled to any equitable estate or right, or to relief upon any equitable ground against any deed, instrument, or contract, or against any right, title, or claim asserted by any plaintiff or petitioner in such cause or matter, or alleges any ground of equitable defence to any claim of the plaintiff or petitioner in such cause or matter, the said Courts respectively, and every Judge thereof, shall give to every equitable estate, right, or ground of relief so claimed, and to every equitable defence so alleged, such and the same effect by way of defence against the claim of such plaintiff or petitioner, as the Court of Chancery ought to have given if the same or the like matters had been relied on by way of defence in any suit or proceeding instituted in that Court for the same or the like purpose before the passing of this Act.

(3.) The said Courts respectively, and every Judge thereof, shall also have power to grant to any defendant in respect of any equitable estate or right, or other matter of equity, and also in respect of any legal estate, right, or title claimed or asserted by him, all such relief against any plaintiff or petitioner as such defendant shall have properly claimed by his pleading, and as the said Courts respectively, or any Judge thereof, might have granted in any suit instituted for that purpose by the same defendant against the same plaintiff or petitioner; and also all such relief relating to or connected with the original subject of the cause or matter, and in like manner claimed against any other person, whether already a party to the same caxise or matter or not, who shall have been duly served with notice in writing of such claim pursuant to any Kule of Court or any Dd 3

818

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Order of the Court, as might properly have been granted against such person if he had been made a defendant to a cause duly instituted by the same defendant for the like purpose; and every person served with any such notice shall thenceforth be deemed a party to such cause or matter, with the same rights in respect of his defence against such claim, as if he had been duly sued in the ordinary way by such defendant.

(4.) The said Courts respectively, and every Judge thereof, shall recognise and take notice of all equitable estates, titles, and rights, and all equitable duties and liabilities appearing incidentally in the course of any cause or matter, in the same manner in which the Court of Chancery would have recognised and taken notice of the same in any suit or proceeding duly instituted therein before the passing of this Act.

(5.) No cause or proceeding at any time pending in the High Court of Justice, or before the Court of Appeal, shall be restrained by prohibition or injunction; but every matter of equity on which an injunction against the prosecution of any such cause or proceeding might have been obtained, if this Act had not passed, either unconditionally or on any terms or conditions, may be relied on by way of defence thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall disable either of the said Courts from directing a stay of proceedings in any cause or matter pending before it if it shall think fit; and any person, whether a party or not to any such cause or matter, who would have been entitled, if this Act had not passed, to apply to any Court to restrain the prosecution thereof, or who may be entitled to enforce, by attachment or otherwise, any Judgment, Decree, Rule, or Order, contrary to which all or any part of the proceedings in such cause or matter may have been taken, shall be at liberty to apply to the said Courts respectively, by motion in a summary way, for a stay of proceedings in such cause or matter, either generally, or so far as may be necessary for the purposes of justice; and the Court shall thereupon make such Order as shall be just.

(6.) Subject to the aforesaid provisions for giving effect to equitable rights and other matters of equity in manner aforesaid, and to the other express provisions of this Act, the said Courts respectively, and every Judge thereof, shall recognise and give effect to all legal claims and demands, and all estates, titles, rights, duties, obligations, and liabilities existing by

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

319

the Common Law or by any custom, or created by any Statute, in the same manner as the same would have been recognised and given effect to if this Act had not passed by any of the Courts whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the said High Court of Justice.

(7.) The High Court of Justice and the Court of Appeal respectively, in the exercise of the jurisdiction vested in them by this Act in every cause or matter pending before them respectively, shall have power to grant, and shall grant, either absolutely or on such reasonable terms and conditions as to them shall seem just, all such remedies whatsoever as any of the parties thereto may appear to be entitled to in respect of any and every legal or equitable .claim properly brought forward by them respectively in such cause or matter; so that, as far as possible, all matters so in controversy between the said parties respectively may be completely and finally determined, and all multiplicity of legal proceedings concerning any of such matters'avoided

25. And whereas it is expedient to take occasion of the Buies of ia\r union of the several Courts whose jurisdiction is hereby trans- up?° certain ferred to the said High Court of Justice to amend and declare the Law to be hereafter administered in England as to the matters next herein-after mentioned: Be it enacted as follows:

(1.) In the administration by the Court of the assets of any Administration person who may die after the passing of this Act, ?f as* of and whose estate may prove to be insufficient for the payment in full of his debts and liabilities, the same rules shall prevail and be observed as to the respective rights of secured and unsecured creditors, and as to debts and liabilities proveable, and as to the valuation of annuities and future or contingent liabilities, respectively, as may be in force for the time being under the law of bankruptcy with respect to the estates of persons adjudged bankrupt; and all persons who in any such case would be entitled to prove for and receive dividends out of the estate of any such deceased person may come in under the decree or order for the administration of such estate and make such claims against the same as they may respectively be entitled to by virtue of this Act.

(2.) No claim of a cestui que trust against his trustee Statutes of

for any property held on an express trust, or in ^buTto - respect of any breach of such trust, shall be held to trusts,

be barred by any Statute of Limitations.

(3.) An estate for life without impeachment of waste shall Equitable not confer or be deemed to have conferred upon the wa8tC-

320

CH. 66.

Merger.

Suits for possession of land by mortgagors.

Assignment of debts and choses in action.

Stipulations not of the essence of contracts.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

tenant for life any legal right to commit waste of the description known as equitable waste, unless an intention to confer such right shall expressly appear by the instrument creating such estate.

(4.) There shall not, after the commencement of this Act, be any merger by operation of law only of any estate, the beneficial interest in which would not be deemed to be merged or extinguished in equity.

(5.) A mortgagor entitled for the time being to the possession or receipt of the rents and profits of any land as to which no notice of his intention to take possession or to enter into the receipt of the rents and profits thereof shall have been given by the mortgagee, may sue for such possession, or for the recovery of such rents or profits, or to prevent or recover damages in respect of any trespass or other wrong relative thereto, in his own name only, unless the cause of action arises upon a lease or other contract made by him jointly with any other person.

(6.) Any absolute assignment, by writing under the hand of the assignor (not purporting to be by way of charge only), of any debt or other legal chose in action, of which express notice in writing shall have been given to the debtor, trustee, or other person from whom the assignor would have been entitled to receive or claim such debt or chose in action, shall be, and be deemed to have been effectual in law (subject to all equities which would have been entitled to priority over the right of the assignee if this Act had not passed,) to pass and transfer the legal right to such debt or chose in action from the date of such notice, and all legal and other remedies for the same, and the power to give a good discharge for the same, without the concurrence of the assignor: Provided always, that if the debtor, trustee, or other person liable in respect of such debt or chose in action shall have had notice that such assignment is disputed by the assignor or any one claiming under him, or of any other opposing or conflicting claims to such debt or chose in action, he shall be entitled, if he think fit, to call upon the several persons making claim thereto to interplead concerning the same, or he may, if he think fit, pay the same into the High Court of Justice under and in conformity with the provisions of the Acts for the relief of trustees.

(7.) Stipulations in contracts, as to time or otherwise, which would not before the passing of this Act have been deemed to be or to have become of the essence of such contracts in a Court of Equity, shall receive

1873. Swpreme Court of Judicature. Ch. 66. 321

in all Courts the same construction and effect as they would have heretofore received in equity.

(8.) A mandamus or an injunction may be granted or a Injunctions receiver appointed by an interlocutory Order of the and receivers. Court in all cases in which it shall appear to the Court to be just or convenient that such Order should be made; and any such Order may be made either unconditionally or upon such terms and conditions as the Court shall think just; and if an injunction is asked, either before, or at, or after the hearing of any cause or matter, to prevent any threatened or apprehended waste or trespass, such injunction may be granted, if the Court shall think fit, whether the person against whom such injunction is sought is or is not in possession under any claim of title or otherwise, or (if out of possession) does or does not claim a right to do the act sought to be restrained under any colour of title; and whether the estates claimed by both or by either of the parties are legal or equitable.

(9.) In any cause or proceeding for damages arising out of a Damages by collision between two ships, if both ships shall be collisions at found to have been in fault, the rules hitherto in force in the Court of Admiralty, so far as they have been at variance with the rules in force in the Courts of Common Law, shall prevail.

(10.) In questions relating to the custody and education of infimta. infants the Rules of Equity shall prevail.

(11.) Generally in all matters not herein-before particu-Cases of con-larly mentioned, in which there is any conflict or enu *

variance between the Rules of Equity and the Rules of the Common Law with reference to the same matter, the Rules of Equity shall prevail.

PART III.

Sittings and Distribution of Business.

26. The division of the legal year into terms shall be Abolition of abolished so far as relates to the administration of justice; and terms-there shall no longer be terms applicable to any sitting or business of the High Court of Justice, or of the Court of Appeal, or of any Commissioners to whom any jurisdiction may be assigned under this Act; but in all other cases in which, under the law now existing, the terms into which the legal year is divided are used as a measure for determining the time at or within which any act is required to be done, the same may continue to be referred to for the same or the like purpose, unless and until provision is otherwise made by any lawful authority. Subject to Rules of Court, the High Court of Justice and the Court of Appeal, and the Judges

Ch. 66,

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

thereof respectively, or any such Commissioners as aforesaid, shall have power to sit and act, at any time, and at any place, for the transaction of any part of the business of such courts respectively, or of such Judges or Commissioners, or for the discharge of any duty which by any Act of Parliament, or otherwise, is required to be discharged during or after term.

Vacations. 27. Her Majesty in Council may from time to time, upon any report or recommendation of the Judges by whose advice Her Majesty is herein-after authorised to make rules before the commencement of this Act, and after the commencement of this Act upon any report or recommendation of the Council of Judges of the Supreme Court herein-after mentioned, with the consent of the Lord Chancellor, make, revoke, or modify, orders regulating the vacations to be observed by the High Court of Justice and the High Court of Appeal, and in the offices of the said Courts respectively; and any Order in Council made pursuant to this section shall, so long as it continues in force, be of the same effect as if it were contained in this Act; and Rules of Court may be made for carrying the same into effect in the same manner as if such Order in Council were part of this Act. In the meantime, and subject thereto, the said vacations shall be fixed in the same manner, and by the same authority, as if this Act had not passed. This section shall come into operation immediately upon the passing of this Act.

Sittings in 28. Provision shall be made by Rules of Court for the

vacation. hearing, in London or Middlesex, during vacation by Judges of

the High Court of Justice and the Court of Appeal respectively, of all such applications as may require to be immediately or promptly heard.

Jurisdiction of 29. Her Majesty, by commission of assize or by any other

Judges of High commission, either general or special, may assign to any Judge

Court on cir- or Judges of the High Court of Justice or other persons usually named in commissions of assize, the duty of trying and determining within any place or district specially fixed for that purpose by such commission, any causes or matters, or any questions or issues of fact or of law, or partly of fact and partly of law, in any cause or matter depending in the said High Court or the exercise of any civil or criminal jurisdiction capable of being exercised by the said High Court; and any commission so granted by Her Majesty shall be of the same validity as if it were enacted in the body of this Act; and any Commissioner or Commissioners appointed in pursuance of this section shall, when engaged in the exercise of any jurisdiction assigned to him or them in pursuance of this Act, be deemed to constitute a Court of the said High Court of Justice; and, subject to any restrictions or conditions imposed by Rules of Court and to the power of transfer, any

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ph. 66.

323

party to any cause or matter involving the trial of a question or issue of fact, or partly of fact and partly of law, may, with the leave of the Judge or Judges to whom or to whose division the cause or matter is assigned, require the question or issue to be tried and determined by a Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, or at sittings to be held in Middlesex or London as herein-after in this Act mentioned, and such question or issue shall be tried and determined accordingly.

A cause or matter not involving any question or issue of fact may be tried and determined in like manner with the consent of all the parties thereto.

30. Subject to Rules of Court, sittings for the trial by jury Sittings for

of causes and questions or issues of fact shall be held in m

Middlesex and London, and such sittings shall, so far as is MiddlSex! reasonably practicable, and subject to vacations, be held continuously throughout the year by as many Judges as the business to be disposed of may render necessary. Any Judge

of the High Court of Justice sitting for the trial of causes and issues in Middlesex or London, at any place heretofore accustomed, or to be hereafter determined by Rules of Court, shall be deemed to constitute a Court of the said High Court of Justice.

31. For the more convenient despatch of business in the Divisions of said High Court of Justice (but not so as to prevent any Judge the High Court from sitting whenever required in any Divisional Court, or for 0 U8tlce' any Judge of a different Division from his own,) there shall be in the said High Court five Divisions consisting of such number of Judges respectively as herein-after mentioned.

Such five Divisions shall respectively include, immediately on the commencement of this Act, the several Judges following;

(that is to say,)

(1.) One Division shall consist of the following Judges;

(that is to say,) The Lord Chancellor, who shall be President thereof, the Master of the Rolls, and the Vice-Chancellors of the Court of Chancery, or such of them as shall not be appointed ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal:

(2.) One other Division shall consist of the following Judges;

(that is to say,) The Lord Chief Justice of England, who shall be President thereof, and such of the other Judges of the Court of Queen's Bench as shall not be appointed ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal:

(3.) One other Division shall consist of the following Judges;

(that is to sav,) The Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, who shall be President thereof, and such of the other Judges of the Court of Common Pleas as shall not be appointed ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal:

324 Ch. 66. Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

(4.) One other Division shall consist of the following Judges; (that is to say,) The Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, who shall be President thereof, and such of the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer as shall not be appointed ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal:

(5.) One other Division shall consist of two Judges who, immediately on the commencement of this Act, shall be the existing Judge of the Court of Probate and of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes and the existing Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, unless either of them is appointed an ordinary Judge to the Court of Appeal. The existing Judge of the Court of Probate shall (unless so appointed) be the President of the said Division, and subject thereto the Senior Judge of the said Division, according to the order of Precedence under this Act, shall be President.

The said five Divisions shall be called respectively the Chancery Division,; the Queen's Bench Division, the Common Pleas Division, the Exchequer Division, and the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division.

Any deficiency of the number of five Judges for constituting, in manner aforesaid, immediately on the commencement of this Act, any one or more of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions, may be supplied by the appointment, under Her Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, either before or after the time fixed for the commencement of this Act, of one of the Puisne Justices or Junior Barons of any superior Court of Common Law from which no Judge may be so appointed as aforesaid to the Court of Appeal, to be a Judge of any Division in which such deficiency would otherwise exist. And any deficiency of the number of three Vice-Chancellors or of the two Judges of the Probate and Admiralty Divisions at the time of the commencement of this Act may be supplied by the appointment of a new Judge in his place in the same manner as if a vacancy in such office had occurred after the commencement of this Act.

Any Judge of any of the said Divisions may be transferred by Her Majesty, under Her Royal Sign Manual, from one to another of the said Divisiona

Upon any vacancy happening among the Judges of the said High Court, the Judge appointed to fill such vacancy shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, and to any Rules of Court which may be made pursuant thereto, become a member of the same Division to which the Judge whose place has become vacant belonged.

Power to alter 32. Her Majesty in Council may from time to time, upon Divisions by any report or recommendation of the Council of Judges of

SwjM'eme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

325

the Supreme Court herein-after mentioned, order that any Order in reduction or increase in the number of Divisions of the High Council *

Court of Justice, or in the number of the Judges of the said High Court who may be attached to any such Division, may, pursuant to such report or recommendation, be carried into effect; and may give all such further directions as may be necessary or proper for that purpose; and such Order may provide for the abolition on vacancy of the distinction of the offices of any of the following Judges, namely, the Chief Justice of England, the Master of the Rolls, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, which may be reduced, and of the salaries, pensions, and patronage attached to such offices, from the offices of the other Judges of the High Court of Justice, notwithstanding anything in this Act relating to the continuance of such offices, salaries, pensions, and patronage; but no such Order of Her Majesty in Council shall come into operation until the same shall have been laid before each House of Parliament for thirty days on which that House shall have sat, nor if, within such period of thirty days, an address is presented to Her Majesty by either House of Parliament, praying that the same may not come into operation. Any such Order, in respect whereof no such address shall have been presented to Her Majesty, shall, from and after the expiration of such period of thirty days, be of the same force and effect as if it had been herein expressly enacted: Provided always, that the total number of the Judges of the Supreme Court shall not be reduced or increased by any such Order.

33. All causes and matters which may be commenced in, or Rules of Court which shall be transferred by this Act to, the High Court of J^g^ution of Justice, shall be distributed among the several Divisions and business. Judges of the said High Court, in such manner as may from time to time be determined by any Rules of Court, or Orders of Transfer, to be made under the authority of this Act; and in the meantime, and subject thereto, all such causes and matters shall be assigned to the said Divisions respectively, in the manner herein-after provided. Every document by which any cause or matter may be commenced in the said High Court shall be marked with the name of the Division, or with the name of the Judge, to which or to whom the same is

34. There shall be assigned (subject as aforesaid) to the Assignment of Chancery Division of the said Court:

(1.) All causes and matters pending in the Court of Chancery Divisions of at the commencement of this Act: High Court,

(2.) All causes and matters to be commenced after the 10 commencement of this Act, under any Act of Parliament by which exclusive jurisdiction, in respect to such causes or matters, has been given to the E e

326

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Court of Chancery, or to any Judges or Judge thereof respectively, except Appeals from County Courts:

(3.) All causes and matters for any of the following purposes:

The administration of the estates of deceased persons;

The dissolution of partnerships or the taking of partnership or other accounts;

The redemption or foreclosure of mortgages;

The raising of portions, or other charges on land;

The sale and distribution of the proceeds of property subject to any lien or charge;

The execution of trusts, charitable or private;

The rectification, or setting aside, or cancellation of deeds or other written instruments;

The specific performance of contracts between vendors and purchasers of real estates, including contracts for leases;

The partition or sale of real estates;

The wardship of infants and the care of infants estates.

There shall be assigned (subject as aforesaid) to the Queen's Bench Division of the said Court:

(1.) All causes and matters, civil and criminal, pending in the Court of Queen's Bench at the commencement of this Act:

(2.) All causes and matters, civil and criminal, which would have been within the exclusive cognizance of the Court of Queen's Bench in the exercise of its original jurisdiction, if this Act had not passed.

There shall be assigned (subject as aforesaid) to the Common Pleas Division of the said Court:

(1.) All causes and matterspending in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, and the Court of Pleas at Durham, respectively, at the commencement of this Act:

(2.) All causes and matters which would have been within the exclusive cognizance of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, if this Act had not passed. There shall be assigned (subject as aforesaid) to the Exchequer Division of the said Court:

(1.) All causes and matters pending in the Court of Exchequer at the commencement of this Act:

(2.) All causes and matters which would have been within the exclusive cognizance of the Court of Exchequer, either as a Court of Revenue or as a Common Law Court, if this Act had not passed:

(3.) All matters pending in the London Court of Bankruptcy at the commencement of this Act:

Ch. 66.

327

Supreme Court of Judicature.

(4.) All matters to be commenced after the commencement of this Act under any Act of Parliament by which exclusive jurisdiction in respect to such matters has been given to the London Court of Bankruptcy.

There shall be assigned (subject as aforesaid) to the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division of the said High Court:

(1.) All causes and matters pending in the Court of Probate, or in the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, or in the High Court of Admiralty, at the commencement of this Act:

(2.) All causes and matters which would have been within the exclusive cognizance of the Court of Probate, or the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, or of the High Court of Admiralty, if this Act had not passed.

35. Subject to any Rules of Court, and to the provisions herein-before contained, and to the power of transfer, every person by whom any cause or matter may be commenced in the said High Court of Justice shall assign such cause or matter to one of the Divisions of the said High Court, not being the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division thereof, as he may think fit, by marking the document by which the same is commenced, with the name of such Division, and giving notice thereof to the proper officer of the Court; provided that all interlocutory and other steps and proceedings in or before the said High Court, in any cause or matter subsequent to the commencement thereof, shall be taken (subject to any Rules of Court and to the power of transfer) in the Division of the said High Court to which such cause or matter is for the time being attached; provided also, that if any plaintiff or petitioner shall at any time assign his cause or matter to any Division of the said High Court to which, according to the Rules of Court or the provisions of this Act, the same ought not to be assigned, the Court, or any Judge of such Division, upon being informed thereof, may, on a summary application, at any stage of the cause or matter, direct the same to be transferred to the Division of the said Court to which, according to such rules or provisions, the same ought to have been assigned, or he may, if he think it expedient so to do, retain the same in the Division in which the same was commenced; and all steps and proceedings whatsoever taken by the plaintiff or petitioner, or by any other party in any such cause or matter, and all orders made therein by the Court or any Judge thereof before any such transfer, shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes in the same manner as if the same respectively had been taken and made in the proper Division of the said Court to which such cause or matter ought to have been assigned.

36. Any cause or matter may at any time, and at any stage thereof, and either with or without application from any of

Ee 2

Option for any Plaintiff (subject to Rules) to choose in what Division he will sue.

Power of transfer.

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

the parties thereto, be transferred by such authority and in such manner as Rules of Court may direct, from one Division or Judge of the High Court of Justice to any other Division or Judge thereof, or may by the like authority be retained in the Division in which the same was commenced, although such may not be the proper Division to which the same cause or matter ought, in the first instance, to have been assigned.

Sittings in 37. Subject to any arrangements which may be from time

SddlSeTand *° ^me ma^e by mutual agreement between the Judges of on Circuits. the said High Court, the sittings for trials by jury in London and Middlesex, and the sittings of Judges of the said High Court under Commissions of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, shall be held by or before Judges of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer Division of the said High Court; provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if she shall think fit, to include in any such Commission any Ordinary Judge of the Court of Appeal or any Judge 0/ the Chancery Division to be appointed after the commencement of this Act, or any Serjeant-at-Law, or any of Her Majesty's Counsel learned in the law, who, for the purposes of such Commission, shall have all the power, authority, and jurisdiction of a Judge of the said High Court.

Rota of Judges 38. The Judges to be placed on the rota for the trial of for election election petitions for England in each year, under the propetitions. visions of the " Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868," shall be selected out of the Judges of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions of the High Court of Justice in such manner as may be provided by any Rules of Court to be made for that purpose; and in the meantime, and subject thereto, shall be selected out of the Judges of the said Queen s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions of the said High Court, by the Judges of such Divisions respectively, as if such Divisions had been named instead of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer respectively, in such last-mentioned Act: Provided that the Judges who, at the commencement of this Act, shall be upon the rota for the trial of such petitions during the then current year, shall continue upon such rota until the end of such year, in the same manner as if this Act had not passed.

Powers of one 39. Any Judge of the said High Court of Justice may, or more Judges subject to any Rules of Court, exercise in Court or in Cham-^Divisionaf1^>ers or part of the jurisdiction by this Act vested in Court. the said High Court, in all such causes and matters, and in

all such proceedings in any causes or matters, as before the passing of this Act might have been heard in Court or in Chambers respectively, by a single Judge of any of the Courts whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the said High Court, or as may be directed or authorised to be so heard by

1873.

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Cfl. 66.

329

any Rules of Court to be hereafter made. In all such cases, any Judge sitting in Court shall be deemed to constitute a Court.

40. Such causes and matters as are not proper to be heard Divisional by a single Judge shall be heard by Divisional Courts of the H^Court of said High Court of Justice, which shall for that purpose j^tice. U ° exercise all or any part of the jurisdiction of the said High

Court. Any number of such Divisional Courts may sit at the same time. A Divisional Court of the said High Court of Justice shall be constituted by two or three, and no more, of the Judges thereof; and, except when through pressure of business or any other cause it may not conveniently be found practicable, shall be composed of three such Judges. Every Judge of the said High Court shall be qualified and empowered to sit in any of such Divisional Courts. The President of every such Divisional Court of the High Court of Justice shall be the senior Judge of those present, according to the order of their precedence under this Act.

41. Subject to any Rules of Court, and in the meantime Divisional until such Rules shall be made, all business belonging to the

Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions qu^8 Bench, respectively of the said High Court, which, according to the Common Pleas, practice now existing in the Superior Courts of Common Law, shequer would have been proper to be transacted or disposed of by yi810n8* the Court sitting in Banc, if this Act had not passed, may be transacted and disposed of by Divisional Courts, which shall, as far as may be found practicable and convenient, include one or more Judge or Judges attached to the particular Division of the said Court to which the cause or matter out of which such business arises has been assigned; and it shall be the duty of every Judge of such last-mentioned Division, and also of every other Judge of the High Court who shall not for the time being be occupied in the transaction of any business specially assigned to him, or in the business of any other Divisional Court, to take part, if required, in the sittings of such Divisional Courts as may from time to time be necessary for the transaction of the business assigned to the said Queens Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions respectively; and all such arrangements as may be necessary or proper for that purpose, or for constituting or holding any Divisional Courts of the said High Court of Justice for any other purpose authorised by this Act, and also for the proper transaction of that part of the business of the said Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions respectively which ought to be transacted by one or more Judges not sitting in a Divisional Court, shall be made from time to time under the direction and superintendence of the Judges of the said High Court; and in case of difference among them, in such manner as a majority of the said Judges, with the

Distribution of business among the Judges of the Chancery and Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Divisions of the High Court.

Divisional Courts for business of the Chancery Division.

Divisional Courts for business belonging to the Division.

Appeals from inferior Courts to be deter-

Ch. 66. Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

concurrence of the Lord Chief Justice of England, shall determine.

42. Subject to any Rules of Court, and in the meantime until such Rules shall be made, all business arising out of any cause or matter assigned to the Chancery or Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division of the said High Court shall be transacted and disposed of in the first instance by one Judge only, as has been heretofore accustomed in the Court of Chancery, the Court of Probate and for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, and the High Court of Admiralty respectively; and every cause or matter which, at the commencement of this Act, may be depending in the Court of Chancery, the Court of Probate and for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, and the High Court of Admiralty respectively, shall (subject to the power of transfer) be assigned to the same Judge in or to whose Court the same may have been depending or attached at the commencement of this Act; and every cause or matter which after the commencement of this Act may be commenced in the Chancery Division of the said High Court shall be assigned to one of the Judges thereof, by marking the same with the name of such of the said Judges as the plaintiff or petitioner (subject to the power of transfer) may in his option think fit: Provided that (subject to any Rules of Court, and to the power of transfer, and to the provisions of this Act as to trial of questions or issues by Commissioners, or in Middlesex or London,) all causes and matters which, if this Act had not passed, would have been within the exclusive cognizance of the High Court of Admiralty, shall be assigned to the present Judge of the said Admiralty Court during his continuance in office as a Judge of the High Court.

43. Divisional Courts may be held for the transaction of any part of the business assigned to the said Chancery Division, which the Judge to whom such business is assigned, with the concurrence of the President of the same Division, deems proper to be heard by a Divisional Court.

44. Divisional Courts may be held for the transaction of any part of the business assigned to the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division of the said High Court, which the Judges of such Division, with the concurrence of the President of the said High Court, deem proper to be heard by a Divisional Court. Any cause or matter assigned to the said Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division may be heard at the request of the President of such Division, with the concurrence of the President of the said High Court, by any other Judge of the said High Court.

45. All Appeals from Petty or Quarter Sessions, from a County Court, or from any other inferior Court, which might before the passing of this Act have been brought to any

1873. Supreme Court of Judicature. Ch. 66, 331

Court or Judge whose jurisdiction is by this Act transferred mined by Dm-to the High Court of Justice, may be heard and determined 81onal Courte-by Divisional Courts of the said High Court of Justice, consisting respectively of such of the Judges thereof as may from time to time be assigned for that purpose, pursuant to Rules,

of Court, or (subject to Rules of Court) as maybe so assigned according to arrangements made for the purpose by the Judges of the said High Court. The determination of such Appeals respectively by such Divisional Courts shall be final unless special leave to appeal from the same to the Court of Appeal shall be given by the Divisional Court by which any such appeal from an inferior Court shall have been heard.

46. Subject to "any Rules of Court, any Judge of the said Cases and High Court, sitting in the exercise of its jurisdiction elsewhere

than in a Divisional Court, may reserve any case, or any point dj^ed ttTbe in a case, for the consideration of a Divisional Court, or may argued before direct any case, or point in a case, to be argued before a ^1g0Dal Divisional Court; and any Divisional Court of the said High Court shall have power to hear and determine any such case or point so reserved or so directed to be argued.

47. The jurisdiction and authorities in relation to questions Provision for of law arising in criminal trials which are now vested in the Crown cases Justices of either Bench and the Barons of the Exchequer reserv

by the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-eight, intituled An Act for the further amendment of the administration of the Criminal Law," or any Act amending the same, shall and may be exercised after the commencement of this Act by the Judges of the High Court of Justice, or five of them at the least, of whom the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or one of such chiefs at least, shall be part. The determination of any such question by the Judges of the said High Court in manner aforesaid shall be final and without appeal; and no appeal shall lie from any judgment of the said High Court in any criminal cause or matter, save for some error of law apparent upon the record, as to which no question shall have been reserved for the consideration of the said Judges under the said Act of the eleventh and twelfth years of Her Majesty's reign.

48. Every motion for a new trial of any cause or matter Motions for on which a verdict has been found by a jury, or by a Judge ^ewdb^Div^6 without a jury, and every motion in arrest of judgment, or to gionai Courts, enter judgment non obstante veredicto, or to enter a verdict

for plaintiff or defendant, or to enter a nonsuit, or to reduce damages, shall be heard before a Divisional Court; and no appeal shall lie from any judgment founded upon and applying any verdict unless a motion has been made or other proceeding taken before a Divisional Court to set aside or reverse

<Ch. 66.

8wpreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

What orders shall not be subject to Appeal.

As to discharging orders made in Chambers.

Provision for absence or vacancy in the office of a Judge.

Power of a single Judge in Court of Appeal.

such verdict, or the judgment, if any, founded thereon, in which case an appeal shall lie to the Court of Appeal from the decision of the Divisional Court upon such motion or other proceeding.

49, No order made by the High Court of Justice or any Judge thereof, by the consent of parties, or as to costs only, which by law are left to the discretion of the Court, shall be subject to any appeal, except by leave of the Court or Judge making such order.

50. Every order made by a Judge of the said High Court in Chambers, except orders made in the exercise of such discretion as aforesaid, may be set aside or discharged upon notice by any Divisional Court, or by the Judge sitting in Court, according to the course and practice of the Division of the High Court to which the particular cause or matter in which such order is made may be assigned; and no appeal shall lie from any such order, to set aside or discharge which no such motion has been made, unless by special leave of the Judge by whom such order was made, or of the .Court of Appeal

5L Upon the -request of the Lord Chancellor, it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Court of Appeal, who may consent so to do, to sit and act as a Judge of the said High Court or to perform any other official or ministerial acts for or on behalf of any Judge absent from illness or any other cause, or in the place of any Judge whose office has become vacant, or as an additional Judge of any Division; and while so sitting and acting any such Judge of the Court of Appeal shall have all the power and authority of a Judge of the said High Court.

52. In any cause or matter pending before the Court of Appeal, any direction incidental thereto, not involving the decision of the appeal, may be given by a single Judge of the Court of Appeal; and a single Judge of the Court of Appeal may at any time during vacation make any interim order to prevent prejudice to the claims of any parties pending an appeal as he may think fit; but every such order made by a single Judge may be discharged or varied by the Court of Appeal or a Divisional Court thereof.

Divisional 53. Every appeal to the Court of Appeal shall be heard

Courts of Court or determined either by the whole Court or by a Divisional of Appeal. Court consisting of any number, not less than three, of the Judges thereof. Any number of such Divisional Courts may sit at the same time. Any appeal which for any reason may be deemed fit to be re-argued before decision or to be reheard before final judgment may be so re-argued or re-heard before a greater number of Judges if the Court of Appeal think fit so to direct.

1873.

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

333

54. No Judge of the said Court of Appeal shall sit as a Judges not to Judge on the hearing of an appeal from any judgment or order fro^the?6*1 made by himself or made by any Divisional Court of the judgments. High Court of which he was himself a member.

55. All such arrangements as may be necessary or proper for the transaction of the business from time to time pending before the Court of Appeal, and for constituting and holding Divisional Courts thereof, shall be made by and under the direction of the President and the other ex officio and ordinary Judges of the said Court of Appeal; and if Her Majesty shall be pleased by Order in Council to direct that the hearing of such appeals and petitions to Her Majesty in Council as herein-before mentioned shall be referred to the said Court of Appeal, not less than one Divisional Court of the said Court of Appeal shall sit throughout the year (except during vacations) for the hearing of such of the appeals and petitions so referred as may from time to time be depending and ready for hearing, which Divisional Court shall be composed (as far as may be found practicable) of Judges of the Court of Appeal who are also members of Her Majesty's Privy Council; and any member of Her Majesty's Privy Council who, having held the office of a Judge in the East Indies or in any of Her Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, shall have been appointed by Her Majesty, under the Acts relating to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, to attend the sittings of the said Judicial Committee, may attend the sittings of any such Divisional Court of the Court of Appeal; and with respect to the place of sitting of any such last-mentioned Divisional Court, and any attendance or service therein, or in aid of the proceedings thereof, which may be required from the Registrar or any other officer of Her Majesty's Privy Council, all such arrangements as may be necessary or proper shall be made by the Lord Chancellor, as President of the Court of Appeal, with the concurrence of the President for the time being of Her Majesty's Privy Council; and the President of Her Majesty's Privy Council shall from time to time give such directions to the Registrar and other officers of the said Privy Council as may be necessary or proper for the purpose of carrying such last-mentioned arrangements into effect.

Arrangements for business of Court of Appeal, and for hearing Appeals transferred from the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

PART IV.

Trial and Procedure.

56. Subject to any Rules of Court and to such right as References and may now exist to have particular cases submitted to the assessors, verdict of a jury, any question arising in any cause or matter (other than a criminal proceeding by the Crown) before the High Court of Justice or before the Court of Appeal, may be referred by the Court or by any Divisional Court or Judge

Ch. 66.

Power to direct trials before Referees.

Power of Referees and effect of their findings.

Powers of Court with respect to proceedings before Referees.

Her Majesty may establish District Regis-

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

before whom such cause or matter may bepending, for'inquiry and report to any official or special Referee, and the report of any such Referee may be adopted wholly or partially by the Court, and may (if so adopted) be enforced as a judgment by the Court. The High Court or the Court of Appeal may also, in any such cause or matter as aforesaid in which it may think it expedient so to do, call in the aid of one or more assessors specially qualified, and try and hear such cause or matter wholly or partially with the assistance of such assessors. The remuneration, if any, to be paid to such special Referees or assessors shall be determined by the Court.

57. In any cause or matter (other than a criminal proceeding by the Crown) before the said High Court in which all parties interested who are under no disability consent thereto, and also without such consent in any such cause or matter requiring any prolonged examination of documents or accounts, or any scientific or local investigation which cannot, in the opinion of the Court or a Judge, conveniently be made before a jury, or conducted by the Court through its other ordinary officers, the Court or a Judge may at any time, on such terms as may be thought proper, order any question or issue of fact or any question of account arising therein to be tried either before an official Referee, to be appointed as herein-after provided, or before a special Referee to be agreed on between the parties; and any such special Referee so agreed on shall have the same powers and duties and proceed in the same manner as an official Referee. All such trials before Referees shall be conducted in such manner as may be prescribed by Rules of Court, and subject thereto in such manner as the Court or Judge ordering the same shall direct.

58. In all cases of any reference to or trial by Referees under this Act the Referees shall be deemed to be officers of the Court, and shall have such authority for the purpose of such reference or trial as shall be prescribed by Rules of Court or (subject to such Rules) by the Court or Judge ordering such reference or trial; and the report of any Referee upon any question of fact on any such trial shall (unless set aside by the Court) be equivalent to the verdict of a jury.

59. With respect to all such proceedings before Referees and their Reports, the Court or such Judge as aforesaid shall have, in addition to any other powers, the same or the like powers as are given to any Court whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the said High Court with respect to references to arbitration and proceedings before arbitrators and their awards respectively, by the Common Law Procedure Act, 1854.

60. And whereas it is expedient to facilitate the prosecution in country districts of such proceedings as may be more

1873. Supreme Court of Judicature. Ch. 66. 335

speedily, cheaply, and conveniently carried on therein, it shall tries in the be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order in Council, from time country for the to time to direct that there shall be District Registrars in such Supreme ^onrt places as shall be in such order mentioned for districts to be thereby defined, from which writs of summons for the commencement of actions in the High Court of Justice may be issued, and in which such proceedings may be taken and recorded as are herein-after mentioned; and Her Majesty may thereby appoint that any Registrar of any County Court, or any Registrar or Prothonotary or District Prothonotary of any local Court whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the said High Court of Justice, or from which an appeal is 'hereby given to the said Court of Appeal, or any person who, having been a District Registrar of the Court of Probate, or of the Admiralty Court, shall under this Act become and be a District Registrar of the said High Court of Justice, or who shall hereafter be appointed such District Registrar, shall and may be a District Registrar of the said High Court for the purpose of issuing such writs as aforesaid, and having such proceedings taken before him as are herein-after mentioned. This section shall come into operation immediately upon the passing of this Act.

61. In every such District Registry such seal shall be Seals of Disused as the Lord Chancellor shall from time to time, either trict Registries, before or after the time fixed for the commencement of this Act, direct, which seal shall be impressed on every writ and other document issued out of or filed in such District Registry, and all such writs and documents, and all exemplifications and copies thereof, purporting to be sealed with the seal of any such District Registry, shall in all parts of the United Kingdom be received in evidence without further proof thereof.

62. All such District Registrars shall have power to admi- Powers of Dig-niater oaths and perform such other duties in respect of any trict Registrars, proceedings pending in the said High Court of Justice or in

the said Court of Appeal as may be assigned to them from time to time by Rules of Court, or by any special order of the Court.

63. The Lord Chancellor, with the sanction of the Treasury, PeCfl to may, either before or after the commencement of this Act, fix, Registing. and may afterwards, with the like sanction, from time to time

alter, a Table of Fees to be taken by such District Registrars in respect of all business to be done under this Act; and such fees shall be received and collected by stamps, denoting in each case the amount of the fee payable. The provisions of the "Courts of Justice (Salaries and Funds) Act, 1869/'as to fees ta be taken by stamps, shall apply to the fees to be received and collected by stamps under this Act.

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Proceedings to be taken in District Registries.

Power for Court to remove proceedings from District Registries.

Accounts and inquiries may be referred to District Registers.

64. Subject to the Rules of Court in force for the time being, writs of summons for the commencement of actions in the High Court of Justice shall be issued by the District Registrars when thereunto required; and unless any order to the contrary shall be made by the High Court of Justice, or by any Judge thereof, all such further proceedings, including proceedings for the arrest or detention of a ship, her tackle, apparel, furniture, cargo, or freight, as may and ought to be taken by the respective parties to such action in the said High Court down to and including entry for trial, or (if the plaintiff is entitled to sign final judgment or to obtain an order for an account by reason of the non-appearance of the defendant) down to and including final judgment, or an order for an account, may be taken before the District Registrar, and recorded in the District Registry, in such manner as may be prescribed by Rules of Court; and all such other proceedings in any such action as may be prescribed by Rules of Court shall be taken and if necessary may be recorded in the same District Registry,

65. Any party to an action in which a writ of summons shall have been issued from any such District Registry shall be at liberty at any time to apply, in such manner as shall be prescribed by Rules of Court, to the said High Court, or to a Judge in Chambers of the Division of the said High Court to which the action may be assigned, to remove the proceedings from such District Registry into the proper Office of the said High Court; and the Court or Judge may, if it be thought fit, grant such application, and in such case the proceedings and such original documents, if any, as may be filed therein shall upon receipt of such order be transmitted by the District Registrar to the proper Office of the said High Court, and the said action shall thenceforth proceed in the said High Court in the same manner as if it had been originally commenced by a writ of summons issued out of the proper Office in London; or the Court or Judge, if it be thought right, may thereupon direct that the proceedings may continue to be taken in such District Registry.

66. It shall be lawful for the Court, or any Judge of the Division to which any cause or matter pending in the said High Court is assigned, if it shall be tnought fit, to order that any books or documents may be produced, or any accounts taken or inquiries made, in the office of or by any such District Registrar as aforesaid; and in any such case the District Registrar shall proceed to carry all such directions into effect in the manner prescribed; and in any case in which any such accounts or inquiries shall have been directed to be taken or made by any District Registrar, the report in writing of such District Registrar as to the result of such

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

337

accounts or inquiries may be acted upon by the Court, as to the Court shall seem fit.

67. The provisions contained in the fifth, seventh, eighth, 30 & si Vict.

and tenth sections of the County Courts Acts, 1867, shall 7 '

apply to all actions commenced or pending in the said High extend to ac-Court of Justice in which any relief is sought which can be tions in High given in a County Court. Court.

68. Subject to the provisions of this Act, Her Majesty Rules of Court may, at any time before tin commencement of this Act, by and with the advice of the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief councifbefore Justice of England, and the other Judges of the several Courts commencement intended to be united and consolidated by this Act, or of the of the Act* greater number of them, (of whom the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice of England shall be two,) cause to be prepared Rules, in this Act referred to as Rules of Court, providing as follows:

(L) For the regulation of the sittings of the High Court of Justice and the Court of Appeal, and of any Divisional or other Courts thereof respectively, and of the Judges of the said High Court sitting in Chambers;

(2.) For the regulation of Circuits, including the times and places at which they are to be holden and the business to be transacted thereat;

(3.) For the regulation of all matters consistent with or not expressly determined by the Rules contained in the Schedule hereto, which, under and for the purposes of such last-mentioned Rules, require to be, or conveniently may be defined or regulated by further Rules of Court;

(4.) And, generally, for the regulation of any matters relating to the practice and procedure of the said Courts respectively, or to the duties of the officers thereof, or to the costs of proceedings therein, or to the conduct of civil or criminal business coming within the cognizance of the said Courts respectively, for which provision is not expressly made by this Act or by the Rules contained in the Schedule hereto.

All Rules of Court made in pursuance of this section shall Rules to be laid be laid before each House of Parliament within forty days next after the same are made, if Parliament is then sitting, b^annuHedon or if not, within forty days after the then next meeting of address from Parliament; and if an address is presented to Her Majesty by eiiher Houae-either of the said Houses, within the next subsequent forty days on which the said House shall have sat, praying that any such Rules may be annulled, Her Majesty may thereupon by F f

Ch, 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Order in Council annul the same; and the Rules so annulled shall thenceforth become void and of no effect, but without prejudice to the validity of any proceedings which may in the meantime have been taken under the same. This section shall come into operation immediately on the passing of this Act.

Rules in Sche- 69. The Rules contained in the Schedule to this Act (which, drocedm?rilite s^ut^ reac^ taken as part of this Act) shall come into changedby operation immediately on the commencement of this Act, and,

other rules as to all matters to which they extend, shall thenceforth

mencemcmt of TeSa^ie proceedings in the High Court of Justice and the Act Court of Appeal respectively, unless and until, by the authority herein-after in that behalf provided, any of them may be altered or varied; but such Rules, and also all Rules to be made before the commencement of this Act, as herein-before mentioned, shall for all the purposes of this Act be Rules of Court capable of being annulled or altered by the same authority by which any other Rules of Court may be made, altered, or annulled after the commencement of this Act.

Rules of Pro- 70. All Rules and Orders of Court which shall be in force ^e».Di1^rce» in the Court of Probate, the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Bankruptcy Causes, the Admiralty Court, and the London Court of Bank-Courts to be ruptcy respectively at the time of the commencement of this H*?1 h* Court. Act, except so far as they are hereby expressly varied, shall

g u remain and be in force in the High Court of Justice and in

the Court of Appeal respectively in the same manner in all respects as if they had been contained in the Schedule to this Act until they shall respectively be altered or annulled by any Rules of Court made after the commencement of this Act.

Criminal pro- 7L Subject to any Rules of Court to be made under and by to^URides v*riue of this Act, the practice and procedure in all criminal to remain un- ' causes and matters whatsoever in the High Court of Justice altered. and in the Court of Appeal respectively, including the practice

and procedure with respect to Crown Cases Reserved, shall be the same as the practice and procedure in similar causes and matters before the passing of this Act.

Act not to affect rules of evidence or juries.

72. Nothing in this Act or in the Schedule hereto, or in any Rules of Court to be made by virtue hereof, save as far as relates to the power of the Court for special reasons to allow depositions or affidavits to be read, shall affect the mode of giving evidence by the oral examination of witnesses in trials by jury, or the Rules of Evidence, or the law relating to jurymen or juries.

Saving of ex- 73. Save as by this Act, or by any Rules of Court (whether istmgprocedure contained in the Schedule to this Act, or to be made under the o ourts w en authority thereof), is or shall be otherwise provided, all forms

1873. Swprerm& Court of Judicature. Ch. 66. 339

and methods of procedure which at the commencement of this not inconsistent

Act were in force in any of the Courts whose jurisdiction is Act

hereby transferred to the said High Court, and to the said

Court of Appeal, respectively, under or by virtue of any law,

custom, General Orders, or Rules whatsoever, and which are

not inconsistent with this Act or with any Rules contained

in the said Schedule or to be made by virtue of this Act, may

continue to be used and practised in the said High Court of

Justice, and the said Court of Appeal, respectively, in such and the like cases, and for such and the like purposes, as those to

which they would have been applicable in the respective

Courts of which the jurisdiction is so transferred, if this Act

had not passed.

74. From and after the commencement of this Act, the Power to make Supreme Court may at any time, with the concurrence of a majority of the Judges thereof present at any meeting for that mencement of purpose held (of which majority the Lord Chancellor shall be Act.

one), alter or annul any Rules of Court for the time being in force, or make any new Rules of Court, for the purpose of regulating all such matters of practice and procedure in the Supreme Court, or relating to the suitors or officers of the said Court, or otherwise, as under the provisions of this Act are or may be regulated by Rules of Court: Provided that any Rule made in the exercise of this power, whether for altering or annulling any then existing Rule, or for any other purpose, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within the same time, and in the same manner and with the same effect in all respects, as is herein-before provided with respect to the said Rules to be made before the commencement of this Act, and may be annulled and made void in the same manner as such last-mentioned Rules.

75. A Council of the Judges of the Supreme Court of which Councils of due notice shall be given to all the said Judges, shall assemble Judgest0 once at least in every year, on such day or days as shall be ^"a^dnistra^ fixed by the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the tion of justice. Lord Chief Justice of England, for the purpose of considering

the operation of this Act and of the Rules of Court for the time being in force, and also the working of the several offices and the arrangements relative to the duties of the officers of the said Courts respectively, and of inquiring and examining into any defects which may appear to exist in the system of procedure or the administration of the law in the said High

Court of Justice or the said Court of Appeal, or in any other Court from which any appeal lies to the said High Court or any Judge thereof, or to the said Court of Appeal: And they shall report annually to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State what (if any) amendments or alterations it would in their judgment be expedient to make in this Act, or otherwise relating to the administration of justice, and

Ff 2

340 Ch. 66. Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

what other provisions (if any) which cannot be carried into effect without the authority of Parliament it would be expedient to make for the better administration of justice. Any Extraordinary Council of the said Judges may also at any time be convened by the Lord Chancellor.

Acts of Par- 76. All Acts of Parliament relating to the several Courts

liament relating and Judges, whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the CouruTto be said High Court of Justice and the said Court of Appeal readasappiying respectively, or wherein any of such Courts or Judges are thi^Ac?8 Under men^oned or referred to, shall be construed and take effect, 18 c' so far as relates to anything done or to be done after the commencement of this Act, as if the said High Court of Justice or the said Court of Appeal, and the Judges thereof, respectively, as the case may be, had been named therein instead of such Courts or Judges whose jurisdiction is so transferred respectively; and in all cases not hereby expressly provided for in which, under any such Act, the concurrence or the advice or consent of the Judge or any Judges, or of any number of the Judges of any one or more of the Courts whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the High Court of Justice is made necessary to the exercise of any power or authority capable of being exercised after the commencement of this Act, such power or authority may be exercised by and with the concurrence, advice, or consent of the same or a like number of Judges of the said High Court of Justice; and all general and other commissions, issued under the Acts relating to the Central Criminal Court or otherwise, by virtue whereof any Judges of any of the Courts whose jurisdiction is so transferred may, at the commencement of this Act, be empowered to try, hear, or determine any causes or matters, criminal or civil, shall remain and be in full force and effect, unless and until they shall respectively be in due course of law revoked or altered.

PART Y.

Officers and Offices.

Transfer of 77. The Queen's Remembrancer, and all Masters, Secre-existing staff of taries, Registrars, Clerks of Records and Writs, Associates, °reme8Court1" Prothonotaries, Chief and other Clerks, Commissioners to take preme ou . or affidavits, Messengers, and other officers and assistants

' at the time of the commencement of this Act attached to any Court or Judge whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the High Court, or to the Court of Appeal, and also all Registrars, Clerks, officers, and other persons at the time of the commencement of this Act engaged i$ the preparation of commissions or writs, or in the registration of judgments or any other ministerial duties in aid of, or connected with, any Court, the jurisdiction of which is hereby transferred to the said Courts

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature.

respectively, shall, from and after the commencement of this Act, be attached to the Supreme Court, consisting of the said High Court of Justice and the said Court of Appeal: Provided that all the duties with respect to Appeals from the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster which are now performed by the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of Lancaster shall be performed by the Registrars, Taxing Masters, and other officers by whom like duties are discharged in the Supreme Court; and the said Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of Lancaster shall not be an officer attached to the said Court.

The officers so attached shall have the same rank and hold their offices by the same tenure and upon the same terms and conditions, and receive the same salaries, and, if entitled to pensions, be entitled to the same pensions, as if this Act had not passed, and any such officer who is removeable by the Court to which he is now attached shall be removeable by the Court to which he shall be attached under this Act, or by the majority of the Judges thereof.

The existing Registrars and Clerks to the Registrars in the Chancery Registrars' office shall retain any right of succession secured to them by Act of Parliament, so as to entitle them in that office, or in any substituted office, to the succession to appointments with similar or analogous duties and with equivalent salaries.

The business to be performed in the High Court of Justice and in the Court of Appeal respectively, or in any Divisional or other Court thereof, or in the chambers of any Judge thereof, other than that performed by the Judges, shall be distributed among the several officers attached to the Supreme Court by this section in such manner as may be directed by Rules of Court; and such officers shall perform such duties in relation to such business as may be directed by Rules of Court, with this qualification, that the duties required to be performed by any officer shall be the same, or duties analogous to those which he performed previously to the passing of this Act; and, subject to such Rules of Court, all such officers respectively shall continue to perform the same duties, as nearly as may be, in the same manner as if this Act had not

All Secretaries, Clerks, and other officers attached to any existing Judge who under the provisions of this Act shall become a Judge of the High Court of Justice, or of the Court of Appeal, shall continue attached to such Judge and shall perform the same duties as those which they have hitherto performed, or duties analogous thereto; and all such last-mentioned officers shall have the same rank and hold their offices by the same tenure, and upon the same terms and conditions, and receive the same salaries, and, if entitled to pensions, be entitled to the same pensions, as if this Act had

Ff 3

G& 66. Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

not passed: Provided that the Lord Chancellor may, with the consent of the Treasury, increase the salary of any existing officer whose duties are increased by reason of the passing of this Act.

Upon the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of any officer coming within the provisions of this section, the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury, may, in the event of such office being considered unnecessary, abolish the same, or may reduce the salary, or alter the designation or duties thereof, notwithstanding that the patronage thereof may be vested in an existing Judge. Nothing in this Act contained shall interfere with the office of Marshal attending any Commissioner of Assize.

Officers of 78. The existing Queen's Counsel of the County Palatine ^of Pfcas Lancaster shall for the future have the same precedence and Durham. the County, and the existing Prothonotaries and District Prothonotaries, and other officers of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster and the Court of Pleas at Durham respectively, and their successors, shall (subject to Rules of Court) perform the same or the like duties and exercise the same or the like powers and authorities in respect of all causes and matters depending in those Courts respectively at the commencement of this Act, and also in respect of all causes and matters which may afterwards be commenced in the High Court of Justice in the manner heretofore practised in the said Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster and the said Court of Pleas at Durham respectively, as at the commencement of this Act may lawfully be performed and exercised by them respectively under any Acts of Parliament for the time being in force with respect to the said last-mentioned Courts respectively, or under any other authority; and all powers in respect of any such Prothonotaries, District Prothonotaries, or other officers of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, which at the commencement of this Act may be vested by law in the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, under any such Act of Parliament or otherwise, and to which the concurrence of any other authority may not be required,

shall and may be exercised after the commencement of this Act by the Lord Chancellor; and all the powers of making or publishing any general rules or orders with respect to the powers or duties of such Prothonotaries, District Prothonotaries, or other officers of the said Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster or the said Court of Pleas at Durham, or with respect to the business of the said Court respectively, or with respect to any fees to be taken therein, or otherwise with reference thereto, which under any such Act as aforesaid or otherwise by law may be vested in the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, with the concurrence of any Judges or Judge, or in any other authority, shall be

Off. 66.

343

Supreme Qdurt of Jwticature.

exercised after the commencement of this Act in the manner hereby provided with respect to Rules of Court to be made under this Act, and (in all cases in which9 the sanction of the Treasury is now required) with the sanction of the Treasury; and all provisions made by any such Acta as aforesaid, or otherwise, for or with respect to the remuneration of any such Prothonotaries, District Prothonotaries, or other officers as aforesaid, shall remain and be in full force and effect until the same shall be altered under the provisions of this Act, or otherwise by lawful authority.

79. Each of the Judges of the High Court of Justice, and of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal, appointed respectively after the commencement of this Act, and also such of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal as have no similar officers at the time of the commencement of this Act, shall have such officers as herein-after mentioned, who shall be attached to his person as such Judge, and appointed and removeable by him at his pleasure, and who shall respectively receive the salaries herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

To the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, respectively, there shall be attached a Secretary, whose salary shall be five hundred pounds per annum, a Principal Clerk, whose salary shall be four hundred pounds per annum, and a Junior Clerk, whose salary shall be two hundred pounds per annum. To each of the other Judges of the High Court of Justice, and to each of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Appeal, there shall be attached a Principal Clerk, whose salary shall be four hundred pounds per annum, and, in the case of the Judges of the High Court of Justice, a Junior Clerk, whose salary shall be two hundred pounds per annum.

Such one or more of the officers so attached to each of the said Judges, as such Judge shall think fit, shall be required, while in attendance on such Judge, to discharge, without further remuneration, the duties of Crier in Court or on Circuit, or of Usher or Train Bearer. The duties of Chamber Clerks, so far as relates to business transacted in chambers by Judges appointed after the commencement of this Act, shall be performed by officers of the Court in the permanent civil service of the Crown.

80. Any existing officer attached to any existing Court or Judge whose jurisdiction is abolished or transferred by this Act, who is paid out of fees, and whose emoluments are affected by the passing of this Act, shall be entitled to prefer a claim to the Treasury; and the Treasury, if it shall consider his claim to be established, shall have power to award to

Personal officers of future Judges.

Provisions as to officers paid out of fees.

344

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature.

36 & 37 Vict.

him such sum, either by way of compensation, or as an addition to his salary, as it thinks just, having regard to the tenure of office by such officer and to the other circumstances of the case.

Doubts as to the status of officers to be determined by Rule.

81. Where a doubt exists as to the position under this Act of any existing officer attached to any existing Court or Judge affected by this Act, such doubt may be determined by Rules of Court: subject to this proviso, that such Rules of Court shall not alter the tenure of office, rank, pension (if any), or salary of such officer, or require him to perform any duties other than duties analogous to those which he has already performed.

Towers of 82. Every person who at the commencement of this Act

Commissioners gjiaj[authorised to administer oaths in any of the Courts oathsmmiSCr whose jurisdiction is hereby transferred to the High Court of Justice shall be a Commissioner to administer oaths in all causes and matters whatsoever which may from time to time be depending in %he said High Court or in the Court of Appeal.

Official Referees 83. There shall be attached to the Supreme Court per-to be appointed, manent officers to be called Official Referees, for the trial "of such questions as shall under the provisions of this Act be directed to be tried by such Referees. The number and the qualifications of the persons to be so appointed from time to time, and the tenure of their offices, shall be determined by the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Presidents of the Divisions of the High Court of Justice, or a majority of them (of which majority the Lord Chief Justice of England shall be one), and with the sanction of the Treasury. Such Official Referees shall perform the duties entrusted to them in such places, whether in London or in the country, as may from time to time be directed or authorised by any order of the said High Court, or of the Court of Appeal; and all proper and reasonable travelling expenses incurred by them in the discharge of their duties shall be paid by the Treasury out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

Duties, ap- 84. Subject to the provisions in this Act contained with remo^d^fan^ respect to existing officers of the Courts whose jurisdiction officers of Su- is hereby transferred to the Supreme Court, there shall be preme Coart. attached to the Supreme Court such officers as the Lord Chancellor with the concurrence of the Presidents of the Divisions of the High Court of Justice, or the major part of them, of which majority the Lord Chief Justice of England shall be one, and with the sanction of the Treasury, may from time to time determine.

Such of the said several officers respectively as may be thought necessary or proper for the performance of any special duties, with respect either to the Supreme Court generally,

1873.

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

345

or with respect to the High Court of Justice or the Court of Appeal, or with respect to any one of the divisions of the said High Court, or with respect to any particular Judge or Judges of either of the said Courts, may by the same authority, and with the like sanction as aforesaid, be attached to the said respective Courts, Divisions, and Judges accordingly.

All officers assigned to perform duties with respect to the Supreme Court generally, or attached to the High Court of Justice or the Court of Appeal, and all Commissioners to take oaths or affidavits in the Supreme Court, shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor.

All officers attached to the Chancery Division of the said High Court, who have been heretofore appointed by the Master of the Rolls, shall continue* while so attached, to be appointed by the Master of the Rolls.

All other officers attached to any Division of the said High Court shall be appointed by the President of that Division.

All officers attached to any Judge shall be appointed by the Judge to whom they are attached.

Any officer of the Supreme Court (other than such officers attached to the person of a Judge as are herein-before declared to be removeable by him at his pleasure,) may be. removed by the person having the right of appointment to the office held by him, with the approval of the Lord Chancellor, for reasons to be assigned in the order of removal.

The authority of the Supreme Court over all or any of its officers may be exercised in and by the said High Court and the said Court of Appeal respectively, and also in the case of officers attached to any Division of the High Court by the President of such Division, with respect to any duties to be discharged by them respectively.

85. There shall be paid to every official Referee and other Salaries and salaried officer appointed in pursuance of this Act such salary of

out of moneys to be provided by Parliament as may be determined by the Treasury with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor.

An officer attached to the person of a Judge shall not be entitled to any pension or compensation in respect of his retirement from or the abolition of his office, except so far as he may be entitled thereto independently of this Act; but every other officer to be hereafter appointed in pursuance of this part of this Act, and whose whole time shall be devoted to the duties of his office, shall be deemed to be employed in the permanent Civil Service of Her Majesty, and shall be entitled, as such, to a pension or compensation in the same manner, and upon the same terms and conditions, as the other permanent civil servants of Her Majesty are entitled to pension or compensation.

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Patronage not 86. Subject to the provisions herein-before contained, any *SediSr Pr°" ^S^ts of patronage and other rights or powers incident to any Court, or to the office of any Judge of any Court whose jurisdiction is transferred to the said High Court of Justice, or to the said Court of Appeal, in respect of which rights of patronage or other rights or powers no provision is or shall be otherwise made by or under the authority of this Act, shall be exercised as follows, that is to say: if incident to the office of any existing Judge shall continue to be exercised by such existing Judge during his continuance in office as a Judge of the said High Court or of the Court of Appeal, and after the death, resignation, or removal from office of such existing Judge shall be exercised in such manner as Her Majesty may by Sign Manual direct.

Solicitors and 87. From and after the commencement of this Act all attorneys. persons admitted as solicitors, attorneys, or proctors of or by law empowered to practise in any Court, the jurisdiction of which is hereby transferred to the High Court of Justice or the Court of Appeal, shall be called Solicitors of the Supreme Court, and shall be entitled to the same privileges and be subject to the same obligations, so far as circumstances will permit, as if this Act had not passed; and all persons who from time to time, if this Act had not passed, would have been entitled to be admitted as solicitors, attorneys, or proctors of or been by law empowered to practise in any such Courts, shall be entitled to be admitted and to be called Solicitors of the Supreme Court, and shall be admitted by the Master of the Rolls, and shall, as far as circumstances will permit, be entitled as such solicitors to the same privileges and be subject to the same obligations as if this Act had not passed.

Any solicitors, attorneys, or proctors to whom this section applies shall be deemed to be Officers of the Supreme Court; and that Court, and the High Court of Justice, and the Court of Appeal respectively, or any Division or Judge .thereof, may exercise the same jurisdiction in respect of such solicitors or attorneys as any one of Her Majesty's superior courts of law or equity might previously to the passing of this Act have exercised in respect of any solicitor or attorney admitted to practise therein.

PART YL

Jurisdiction of Inferior Courts.

Power by 88. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time by

Order in Conn- Order in Council to confer on any inferior Court of civil juris-jurbdiSion^n diction. the same jurisdiction in Equity and in Admiralty, inferior Courts, respectively, as any County Court now has, or may hereafter have, and such jurisdiction, if and when conferred, shall be exercised in the manner by this Act directed.

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

347

89. Every inferior Court which now has or which may after Powers of in the passing of this Act have jurisdiction in equity, or at law CEou?tv and in equity, and in Admiralty respectively, shall, as regards and Admiralty all causes of action within its jurisdiction for the time being, jurisdiction, have power to grant, and shall grant in any proceeding before

such Court, such relief, redress, or remedy, or combination of remedies, either absolute or conditional, and shall in every such proceeding give such and the like effect to every ground of defence or counter-claim equitable or legal (subject to the provision next herein-after contained), in as full and ample a manner as might and ought to be done in the like case by the High Court of Justice.

90. Where in any proceeding before any such inferior Court Counter-claims any defence or counter-claim of the defendant involves matter

beyond the jurisdiction of the Court, such defence or counter- transfers there-claim shall not affect the competence or the duty of the Court from, to dispose of the whole matter in controversy so far as relates to the demand of the plaintiff and the defence thereto, but no relief exceeding that which the Court has jurisdiction to administer shall be given to the defendant upon any such counter-claim: Provided always, that in such case it shall be lawful for the High Court, or any Division or Judge thereof, if it shall be thought fit, on the application of any party to the proceeding, to order that the whole proceeding be transferred from such inferior Court to the High Court, or to any Division thereof; and in such case the Record in such proceeding shall be transmitted by the Registrar, or other proper officer, of the inferior Court to the said High Court; and the same shall thenceforth be continued and prosecuted in the said High Court as if it had been originally commenced therein.

91. The several rules of law enacted and declared by this Buies of law to Act shall be in force and receive effect in all Courts whatso- Courts0 infenor ever in England, so far as the matters to which such Rules

relate shall be respectively cognizable by such Courts.

PART VII.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

92. All books, documents, papers, and chattels in the Transfer of possession of any Court, the jurisdiction of which is hereby books an(* transferred to the High Court of Justice or to the Court of Court. Appeal, or of any officer or person attached to any such Court, as such officer, or by reason of his being so attached, shall be transferred to the Supreme Court, and shall be dealt with by such officer or person in such manner as the High Court of Justice or the Court of Appeal may by order direct; find any person felling to comply with any order made for the purpose of giving effect to this section shall be guilty of a contempt of the Supreme Court.

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Saving as to circuits, &c.

Saving as to Lord Chancellor.

Saving as to Chancellor of Lancaster.

Saving as to Chancellor of the Exchequer

and sheriffs.

Saving as to Lord Treasurer and office of the Receipt of Exchequer.

Provisions as to Great Seal being in commission.

93. This Act, except as herein is expressly directed, shall not, unless or until other commissions are issued in pursuance thereof, affect the circuits of the Judges or the issue of any Commissions of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or other commissions for the discharge of civil or criminal business on circuit or otherwise, or any patronage vested in any Judges going circuit, or the position, salaries, or duties of any officers transferred to the Supreme Court who are now officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law, and who perform duties in relation to either the civil or criminal business transacted on circuit.

94. This Act, except so far as herein is expressly directed, shall not affect the office or position of Lord Chancellor; and the officers of the Lord Chancellor shall continue attached to him in the same manner as if this Act had not passed; and all duties, which any officer of the Court of Chancery may now be required to perform in aid of any duty whatsoever of the Lord Chancellor, may in like manner be required to be performed by such officer when transferred to the Supreme Court, and by his successors.

95. This Act, except so far as is herein expressly directed, shall not affect the offices, position, or functions of the Chancellor of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

96. The Chancellor of the Exchequer shall not be a Judge of the High Court of Justice, or of the Court of Appeal, and shall cease to exercise any judicial functions hitherto exercised by him as a Judge of the Court of Exchequer; but save as aforesaid he shall remain in the same position as to duties and salary, and other incidents of his office, as if this Act had not passed. The same order and course with respect to the appointment of sheriffs shall be used and observed in the Exchequer Division of the said High Court as has been heretofore used and observed in the Court of Exchequer.

97. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the office of Lord Treasurer, except that any Lord Treasurer shall not hereafter exercise any judicial functions hitherto exercised by him as a Judge of the Court of Exchequer; and nothing in this Act shall affect the office of the Receipt of the Exchequer.

98. When the Great Seal is in commission, the Lords Commissioners shall represent the Lord Chancellor for the purposes of this Act, save that as to the Presidency of the Court of Appeal, and the appointment or approval of officers, or the sanction to any order for the removal of officers, or any other act to which the concurrence or presence of the Lord Chancellor is hereby made necessary, the powers given to the Lord Chancellor by this Act may be exercised by the Senior Lord Commissioner for the time being.

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

349

99. From and after the commencement of this Act, the Provision as to Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham shall respectively

cease to be Counties Palatine, so far as respects the issue of palatine. Commissions of Assize, or other like Commissions, but not further or otherwise; and all such Commissions may be issued for the trial of all causes and matters within such counties respectively in the same manner in all respects as in any other counties of England and Wales.

100. In the construction of this Act, unless there is any- Interpretation thing in the subject or context repugnant thereto, the several of term8*i words herein-after mentioned shall have, or include, the meanings following; (that is to say,)

" Lord Chancellor " shall include Lord Keeper of the Great Seal.

"The High Court of Chancery" shall include the Lord Chancellor.

" The Court of Appeal in Chancery " shall include the Lord Chancellor as a Judge on Rehearing or Appeal.

"London Court of Bankruptcy" shall include the Chief Judge in Bankruptcy.

"The Treasury" shall mean the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any two of them.

" Rules of Court " shall include forms.

" Cause " shall include any action, suit, or other original proceeding between a plaintiff and a defendant, and any criminal proceeding by the Crown.

" Suit " shall include action.

" Action" shall mean a civil proceeding commenced by writ, or in such other manner as may be prescribed by Rules of Court; and shall not include a criminal proceeding by the Crown.

"Plaintiff" shall include every person asking any relief (otherwise than by way of counter-claim as a defendant) against any other person by any form of proceeding, whether the same be taken by action, suit, petition, motion, summons, or otherwise.

" Petitioner " shall include every person making any application to the Court, either by petition, motion, or summons, otherwise than as against any defendant.

"Defendant" shall include every person served with any writ of summons or process, or served with notice of or entitled to attend any proceedings.

" Party " shall include every person served with notice of, or attending any proceeding, although not named on the Record.

" Matter " shall include every proceeding in the Court not in a cause.

" Pleading " shall include any petition or summons, and also shall include the statements in writing of the claim or

Ch. 66.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Form of action in High Court.

Actions to be commenced by writ.

Form of writ.

Acceptance of service.

Service of writ.

demand of any plaintiff, and of the defence of any defendant thereto, and of the reply of the plaintiff to any counter-claim of a defendant.

" Judgment" shall include decree.

" Order " shall include rule.

u Oath " shall include solemn affirmation and statutory declaration.

"Crown cases reserved" shall mean such questions of law reserved in Criminal Trials as are mentioned in the Act of the eleventh and twelfth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter seventy-eight.

"Pension" shall include retirement and superannuation allowance.

"Existing" shall mean existing at the time appointed for the commencement of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

Rules of Procedure.

Form of Action.

1. All actions which have hitherto been commenced by writ in the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, or in the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, or in the Court of Pleas at Durham, and all suits which have hitherto been commenced by bill or information in the High Court of Chancery, or by a cause in rem or in personam in the High Court of Admiralty, or by citation or otherwise in the Court of Probate, shall be instituted in the High Court of Justice by a proceeding to be called an action.

All other proceedings in and applications to the High Court may, subject to Rules of Court, be taken and made in the same manner as they would have been taken and made in any Court in which any proceeding or application of the like kind could have been taken or made if this Act had not passed.

Writ of Summons.

2. Every action in the High Court shall be commenced by a writ of summons, which shall be endorsed with a statement of the nature of the claim made, or of the relief or remedy required in the action, and which shall specify the Division of the High Court to which it is intended that the action should be assigned.

3. Forms of writs and of endorsements thereon applicable to the several ordinary causes of action, shall be prescribed by Rules of Court, and any costs incurred by the use of any more prolix or other forms shall be borne by the party using the same, unless the Court shall otherwise direct.

4. No service of writ shall be required when the defendant, by his solicitor, agrees to accept service, and enters an appearance.

5. When service is required the writ shall, wherever it is practicable, be served in the manner in which personal service is now made, but if it be made to appear to the Court or to a Judge that the

1873.

Ch. 66.

351

Supreme Court of Judicature.

plaintiff is from any cause unable to effect prompt personal service, the Court or Judge may make such order for substituted or other service, or for the substitution of notice for service, as may seem just.

6. Whenever it appears fit to the Court or to a Judge in a case in Service out of which the cause of action has arisen within the jurisdiction, or is thejumdlctl011' properly cognizable against a defendant within the jurisdiction, that

any person out of the jurisdiction of the Court should be served with the writ or other process of the Court, the Court or Judge may order such service, or such notice in lieu of service, to be made or given in such manner and on such terms as may seem just.

7. In all actions where the plaintiff seeks merely to recover a debt Special endorse-or liquidated demand in money, payable by the defendant, with or S^of°deSuor without interest, arising upon a contract, express or implied, as, for Uquidated instance, on a bill of exchange, promissory note, cheque, or other

simple contract debt, or on a bond or contract under seal for payment of a liquidated amount of money, or on a statute where the sum sought to be recovered is a fixed sum of money or in the nature of a See c. L. P. Act, debt, or on a guaranty, whether under seal or not, where the claim 1852, 8S'*7' against the principal is in respect of such debt or liquidated demand, bill, cheque, or note, or on a trust, the writ of summons may be specially endorsed with the particulars of the amount sought to be recovered, after giving credit for any payment or set-off.

In case of non-appearance by the defendant where the writ of summons is so specially endorsed, the plaintiff may sign final judgment for any sum not exceeding the sum endorsed on the writ, together with interest at the rate specified, if any, to the date of the judgment, and a sum for costs, but it shall be lawful for the Court or a Judge to set aside or vary such judgment upon such terms as may seem just.

Where the defendant appears on a writ of summons so specially endorsed, the plaintiff may, on affidavit verifying the cause of action, and swearing that in his belief there is no defence to the action, call on the defendant to show cause before the Court or a Judge why the plaintiff should not be at liberty to sign final judgment for the amount so endorsed, together with interest, if any, and costs; and the Court or Judge may, unless the defendant, by affidavit or otherwise, satisfy the Court or Judge that he has a good defence to the action on the merits, or disclose such facts as the Court or Judge may think sufficient to entitle him to be permitted to defend the action, make an order empowering the plaintiff to sign judgment accordingly.

Permission to defend the action may be granted to the defendant on such terms*and conditions, if any, as the Judge or Court may think just.

8. In all cases of ordinary account, as, for instance, in the case of Spedai radorse-a partnership or executorship or ordinary trust account, where the Swine^Mof1* plaintiff, in the first instance, desires to have an account taken, the account-writ of summons shall be endorsed with a claim that such account be

taken.

In default of appearance on such summons, and after appearance unless the defendant, by affidavit or otherwise, satisfy the Court or a Judge that there is some preliminary question to be tried, an order for the account claimed, with all directions now usual in the Court of Chancery in similar cases, shall be forthwith made.

Gg 2

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Misjoinder or] nonjoinder of parties.

Representation of parties having same interest.

Power to determine questions as ajramst third parties.

Provision for rase of doubt as to proper parties.

Trustees, executors, &c.

Parties.

9. No action shall be defeated by reason of the mis-joinder of parties, and the Court may in every action deal with the matter in controversy so far as regards the rights and interests of the parties actually before it. The Court or a Judge may, at any stage of the proceedings, either upon or without the application of either party, in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court, and on such terms as may appear to the Court or a Judge to be just, order that the name or names of any party or parties, whether as plaintiffs or as defendants, improperly joined be struck out, and that the name or names of any party or parties, whether plaintiffs or defendants, who ought to have been joined, or whose presence before the Court may be necessary in order to enable the Court effectually and completely to adjudicate upon and settle all the questions involved in the action, be added. No person shall be added as a plaintiff sueing without a next friend, or as the next friend of a plaintiff under any disability, without his own consent thereto. All parties whose names are so added as defendants shall be served with a summons or notice in such manner as may be prescribed by Rules of Court or by any special order, and the proceedings as against them shall be deemed to have begun only on the service of such summons or notice.

10. Where there are numerous parties having the same interest in one action, one or more of such parties may sue or be sued, or may be authorised by the Court to defend in such action, on behalf or for the benefit of all parties so interested.

11. Any two or more persons claiming or being liable as copartners may sue or be sued in the name of their respective firms, if any; and any party to an action may in such case apply by summons to a Judge in Chambers for a statement of the names of the persons who are co-partners in any such firm, to be furnished in such manner, and verified on oath or otherwise, as the Judge may direct.

12. Where a defendant is or claims to be entitled to contribution

or indemnity, or any other remedy or relief over against any other person, or where from any other cause it appears to the Court or a Judge that a question in the action should be determined not only as between the plaintiff and defendant, but as between the plaintiff, defendant, and any other person, or between any or either of them, the Court or a Judge may on notice being given to such last-mentioned person, in such manner and form as may be prescribed by Rules of Court, make such order as may be proper for having the question so determined. w

13. Where in any action, whether founded upon contract or otherwise, the plaintiff is in doubt as to the person from whom he is entitled to redress, he may, in such manner as may be prescribed by Rules of Court, or by any special order, join two or more defendants, to the intent that in such action the question as to which, if any, of the defendants is liable, and to what extent, may be determined as between all parties to the action.

14. Trustees, executors, and administrators may sue and be sued on behalf of or as representing the property or estate of which they are trustees or representatives, without joining any of the parties beneficially interested in the trust or estate, and shall be considered

Ch. 66.

353

Supreme Court of Judicature.

as representing such parties in the action; but the Court or a Judge may, at any stage* of the proceedings, order any of such parties to be made parties to the action, either in addition to or in lieu of the previously existing parties thereto.

15. Married women and infants may respectively sue as plaintiffs by their next friends, in the manner practised in the Court of Chance iy before the passing of this Act; and infants may, in like manner, defend any action by their guardians appointed for that purpose. Married women may also, by the leave of the Court or a Judge, sue or defend without their husbands and without a next friend, on giving such security (if any) for costs as the Court or a Judge may require.

16. The plaintiff may, at his option, join as parties to the same action all or any of the persons severally, or jointly and severally, liable on any one contract, including parties to bills of exchange and promissory notes.

17. An action shall not become abated by reason of the marriage, death, or bankruptcy of any of the parties, if the cause of action survive or continue, and shall not become defective by the assignment, creation, or devolution of any estate or title pendente lite.

In case of the marriage, death, or bankruptcy, or devolution of estate by operation of law, of any party to an action, the Court or a Judge may, if it be deemed necessary for the complete settlement of all the questions involved in the action, order that the husband, personal representative, trustee, or other successor in interest, if any, of such party be made a party to the action, or be served with notice thereof in such manner and form as may be prescribed by Rules of Court, and on such terms as the Court or Judge shall think just, and shall make such order for the disposal of the action as may be just.

In case of an assignment, creation, or devolution of any estate or title pendente lite, the action may be continued by or against the person to or upon whom such estate or title has come or devolved.

Pleadings.

18. The following rules of pleading shall be substituted for those heretofore used in the High Court of Chancery and in the Courts of Common Law, Admiralty, and Probate.

Unless the defendant at the time of his appearance shall state that he does not require the delivery of a statement of complaint, the plaintiff shall within such time and in such manner as shall be prescribed by Rules of Court, file and deliver to the defendant after his appearance a printed statement of his complaint, and of the relief or remedy to which he claims to be entitled. The defendant shall within such time and in such manner as aforesaid file and deliver to the plaintiff a printed statement of his defence, set-off, or counter-claim (if any), and the plaintiff shall in like manner file and deliver a printed statement of his reply (if any) to such defence, set-off, or counter-claim. Such statements shall be as brief as the nature of the case will admit, and the Court in adjusting the costs of the action shall inquire at the instance of any party into any unnecessary prolixity and order the costs occasioned by such prolixity to be borne by the party chargeable with the same.

A demurrer to any statement may be filed in such manner and form as may be prescribed by Rules of Court.

Gg 3

Actions by married women and infants.

Parties where there are several liabilities on the some contract .;

Abatement.

Form of pleadings.

354

Power to settle issues.

Counter-claims by defendant.

Power to give judgment for defendant for balance under counter-claim.

Joinder of several causes of action.

Power for Court to raise preliminary questions of law in an action.

Ch. 66. Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

The Court or a Judge may, at any stage of the proceedings, allow either party to alter his statement of claim or defence or reply, or may order to be struck out or amended any matter in such statements respectively which may be scandalous, or which may tend to prejudice, embarrass, or delay the fair trial of the action, and all such amendments shall be made as may be necessary for the purpose of determining the real questions or question in controversy between the parties.

19. Where in any action it appears to a Judge that the statement of claim or defence or reply does not sufficiently disclose the issues of fact in dispute between the parties, he may direct the parties to prepare issues, and such issues shall, if the parties differ, be settled by the Judge.

20. A defendant may set off, or set up, by way of counter-claim against the claims of the plaintiff, any right or claim, whether such set-off or counter-claim sound in damages or not, and such set-off or counter-claim shall have the same effect as a statement of claim in a cross action, so as to enable the Court to pronounce a final judgment in the same action, both on the original and on the cross claim. But the Court or a Judge may, on the application of the plaintiff before trial, if in the opinion of the Court or Judge such set-off or counterclaim cannot be conveniently disposed of in the pending action, or ought not to be allowed, refuse permission to the defendant to avail himself thereof.

21. Where in any action a set-off or counter-claim is established as a defence against the plaintiff's claim, the Court may, if the balance is in favour of the defendant, give judgment for the defendant for such balance, or may otherwise adjudge to the defendant such relief as he may be entitled to upon the merits of the case.

22. Subject to any Rules of Court, the plaintiff may unite in the same action and in the same statement of claim several causes of action, but if it appear to the Court or a Judge that any such causes of action cannot be conveniently tried or disposed of together, the Court or Judge may order separate trials of any of such causes of action to be had, or may make such other order as may be necessary or expedient for the separate disposal thereof.

23. It shall not be necessary that every defendant to any action shall be interested as to all the relief thereby prayed for, or as to every cause of action included therein; but the Court or a Judge may make such order as may appear just to prevent any defendant from being embarrassed or put to expense by being required to attend any proceedings in such action in which he may have no interest.

24. If it appear to the Court or a Judge, either from the statement of claim or defence or reply or otherwise, that there is in any action a question of law, which it would be convenient to have decided before any evidence is given or any question or issue of fact is tried, or before any reference is made to a referee or an arbitrator, the Court or Judge may make an order accordingly, and may direct such question of law to be raised for the opinion of the Court, either by special case or in such other manner as the Court or Judge may deem expedient, or as may be prescribed by Rules of Court, and all such further proceedings as the decision of such question of law may render unnecessary may thereupon be stayed.

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

355

Discovery.

25. Subject to any Rules of Court* a plaintiff in any action shall Bi?ht of diaeo-be entitled to exhibit interrogatories to, and obtain Discovery from,

any defendant, and any defendant shall be entitled to exhibit interrogatories to, and obtain Discovery from, a plaintiff or any other party. Any party shall be entitled to object to any interrogatory on the ground of irrelevancy, and the Court or a Judge, if not satisfied that such interrogatory is relevant to some issue in the cause, may allow such objection. No exceptions shall be taken to any answer, but the sufficiency or otherwise of any answer objected to as insufficient shall be determined by the Court or a Judge in a summary way.

The Court in adjusting the costs of the action shall at the instance of any party inquire or cause inquiry to be made into the propriety of exhibiting such interrogatories, and if it is the opinion of the taxing master or of the Court or Judge that such interrogatories have been exhibited unreasonably, vexatiously, or at improper length, the costs occasioned by the said interrogatories and the answers thereto shall be borne by the party in fault.

26. Every party to an action or other proceeding shall be entitled, Production of at any time before or at the hearing thereof, by notice in writing, pSead^1^ to give notice to any other party, in whose pleadings or affidavits proved, reference is made to any document, to produce such document for the inspection of the party giving such notice, or of his solicitor, and to permit him or them to take copies thereof; and any party not complying with such notice shall not afterwards be at liberty to put any such document in evidence on his behalf in such action or proceeding, unless he shall satisfy the Court that such document relates only to his own title, he being a defendant to the action, or that he had some other sufficient cause for not complying with such notice.

27. It shall be lawful for the Court or a Judge at any time during to

the pendency therein of any action or proceeding, to order the pro- 001101611 duction by any party thereto, upon oath, of such of the documents

in his possession or power, relating to any matter in question in such suit or proceeding, as the Court or Judge shall think right; and the Court may deal with such documents, when produced, in such manner as shall appear just.

Place of Trial.

28. There shall be no local venue for the trial of any action, but place of trial, when the plaintiff proposes to have the action tried elsewhere than in Middlesex, he shall in his statement of claim name the county or

place in which he proposes that the action shall be tried, and the action shall, unless a Judge otherwise orders, be tried in the county or place so named. Where no place of trial is named in the statement of claim, the place of trial shall, unless a Judge otherwise orders, be the county of Middlesex. Any order of a Judge, as to such place of trial, may be discharged or varied by a Divisional Court of the High Court.

29. The list or lists of actions for trial at the sittings in London Lists for trials in and Middlesex respectively shall be prepared and the actions shall be Midd?escid allotted for trial in such manner as may be prescribed by Rules of

Court, without reference to the division of the High Court to which such actions may be attached.

356

Ch. .66.

Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Mode of trying actions.

Notice of mode of trial to be given.

Different questions arising in same action may be tried in different ways.

Trials by jury.

Proceedings before an official Referee.

Effect of decision of Referee.

Mode of giving evidence at trials.

Mode of Trial.

30. Actions shall be tried and heard either before a Judge or Judges, or before a Judge sitting with assessors, or before a Judge and Jury, or before an official or special Referee, with or without assessors.

31. The plaintiff may give notice of trial by any of the modes aforesaid, but the Defendant may, upon giving notice, within such time as may be fixed by Rules of Court, that he desires to have any issues of fact tried before a Judge and Jury, be entitled to have the same so tried, or he may apply to the Court or a Judge for an order to have the action tried in any other of the said ways, and in such case the mode in which the action is to be tried or heard shall be determined by such Court or Judge.

32. In any action the Court or a Judge may, at any time or from time to time, order that different questions of fact arising therein be tried by different modes of trial, or that one or more questions of fact be tried before the others, and may appoint the place or places for such trial or trials.

33. Every trial of any question or issue of fact by a jury shall be held before a single Judge, unless such trial be specially ordered to be held before two or more Judges.

34. Where an action or matter, or any question in an action or matter, is referred to a Referee, he may, subject to the order of the Court or a Judge, hold the trial at or adjourn it to any place which he may deem most convenient, and have any inspection or view, either by himself or with his assessors (if any), which he may deem expedient for the better disposal of the controversy before him. He shall, unless otherwise directed by the Court or a Judge, proceed with the trial in open Court, de die in diem, in a similar manner as in actions tried by a jury.

35. The Referee may, before the conclusion of any trial before him, or by his report under the reference made to him, submit any question arising therein for the decision of the Court, or state any facts specially, with power to the Court to draw inferences therefrom, and in any such case the order to be made on such submission or statement shall be entered as the Court may direct; and the Court shall have power to require any explanation or reasons from the Referee, and to remit the action or any part thereof for re-trial or further consideration to the same or any other Referee.

Evidence.

36. In the absence of any agreement between the parties, and subject to any Rules of Court applicable to any particular class of cases, the witnesses at the trial of any cause or at any assessment of damages, shall be examined viv& voce and in open court, but the Court or a Judge may at any time for sufficient reason order that any particular fact or facts maybe proved by affidavit, or that the affidavit of any witness may be read at the hearing or trial, on such conditions as the Court or Judge may think reasonable, or that any witness whose attendance in court ought for some sufficient cause to be dispensed with, be examined by interrogatories or otherwise before a Commissioner or examiner; provided that where it appears to the Court or Judge that the other party bon& fide desires the production

Supreme Court of Judicature.

Ch. 66.

357

of a witness for cross-examination, and that such witness can be produced, an order shall not he made authorising the evidence of such witness to be given by affidavit.

37. Upon any interlocutory application evidence may be given by Evidence at affidavit; but the Court or a Judge may, on the application of either

party, order the attendance for cross-examination of the person making any such affidavit.

38. Affidavits shall be confined to such facts as the witness is Matter of able of his own knowledge to prove, except on interlocutory motions, affidavit8* on which statements as to his belief, with the grounds thereof, may

be admitted. The costs of every affidavit which shall unnecessarily set forth matters of hearsay, or argumentative matter, or copies of or extracts from documents, shall be paid by the party filing the same.

39. Any party to an action may give notice, by his own statement Admissions, or otherwise, that he admits the truth of the whole or any part of

the case stated or referred to in the statement of claim, defence, or reply of any other party.

Either party may call upon the other party to admit any document, saving all just exceptions; and in case of refusal or neglect to admit, after such notice, the costs of proving any such document shall be paid by the party so neglecting or refusing, whatever the result of the action may be, unless at the hearing or trial the Court certify that the refusal to admit was reasonable; and no costs of proving any document shall be allowed unless such notice be given, except where the omission to give the notice is, in the opinion of the taxing officer, a saving of expense.

Interlocutory Orders and Directions.

40. Any party to an action may at any stage thereof apply to the Power for party Court or a Judge for such order as he may, upon any admissions of

fact in the pleadings, be entitled to, without waiting for the deter- tion of action, mination of any other question between the parties.

41. The Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Lord Chief Power to trans-Justice of England, may order any question of law or of fact which ^8?^Jons may arise in any action or matter to be transferred from any Judge actions.

to any other Judge, or to be tried or heard by any other Judge of the said High Court, and may confer on such Judge power to deal with the whole or any part of the matters in controversy.

42. The Court or a Judge may at any stage of the proceedings Accounts and in an action or matter, direct any necessary inquiries or accounts to in<*uirie8-be made or taken, notwithstanding that it may appear that there is

some special or farther relief sought for or some special matter to be tried, aB to which it may be proper that the cause should proceed in the ordinary manner.

43. When by any contract a prim& facie case of liability is esta- Interim orders blished, and there is alleged as matter of defence a right to be ofliriga-relieved wholly or partially from such liability, the Court or a Judge tion«

may make an order for the preservation or interim custody of the subject-matter of the litigation, or may order that the amount in dispute be brought into Court or otherwise secured.

44. It shall be lawful for the Court or a Judge, on the appli- Power to make cation of any party to any action, to make any order for the sale by for °£ any person or persons named in such order, and in such manner, and

on such terms as to the Court or Judge may seem desirable, of

358 Cff. 66. Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

any goods, wares, or merchandise which may be of a perishable nature or likely to injure from keeping, or which for any other just and sufficient reason it may be desirable to have sold at once.

Power for Court 45. It shall be lawful for the Court or a Judge, upon the appli-to make interim , .., , r ' r rr

orders as to pre- cation of any party to an action, and upon such terms as may seem

mtaation of pn> Just> *° ma^e any or^er for the detention, preservation, or inspection nerty, examina- of any property, being the subject of such action, and for all or any tion of witnesses, of pUrpoges aforesaid to authorise any person or persons to enter upon or into any land or building in the possession of any party to such action, and for all or any of the purposes aforesaid to authorise any samples to be taken, or any observation to be made or experiment to be tried, which may seem necessary or expedient for the purpose of obtaining full information or evidence. The Court or a Judge may also, in all cases where it shall appear necessary for the purposes of justice, make any order for the examination upon oath before any officer of the Court, or any other person or persons, and at any place, of any witness or person, and may order any deposition so taken to be filed in the court, and may empower any party to any action or other proceeding to give such deposition in evidence therein on such terms, if any, as the Court or a Judge may direct.

Discontinuance 46. The plaintiff may, at any time before receipt of the Defen-of action. dant's statement of defence, or after the receipt thereof before

taking any other proceeding in the action (save any interlocutory application), by notice in writing, wholly discontinue his action or withdraw any part or parts of his alleged cause of complaint, and thereupon he shall pay the defendant's costs of the action, or, if the action be not wholly discontinued, the defendant's costs occasioned by the matter so withdrawn. Such costs shall be taxed in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court, and such discontinuance or withdrawal, as the case may be, shall not be a defence to any subsequent action. Save as in this Rule otherwise provided, it shall not be competent for the plaintiff to withdraw the Record or discontinue the action without leave of the Court or a Judge, but the Court or a Judge may, before, or at, or after the hearing or trial upon such terms as to costs, and as to any other action, and otherwise as may seem fit, order the action to be discontinued, or any part of the alleged cause of complaint to be struck out. The Court or a Judge may, in like manner, and with the like discretion as to terms, upon the application of a defendant, order the whole or any part of his alleged grounds of defence or counter-claim to be withdrawn or struck out, but it shall not be competent to a defendant to withdraw his defence, or any part thereof, without such leave. Any judgment of nonsuit, unless the Court or a Judge otherwise directs, shall have the same effect as a judgment upon the merits for the defendant; but in any case of mistake, surprise, or accident, any judgment of nonsuit may be set aside on such terms, as to payment of costs and otherwise, as to the Court or a Judge shall seem just.

Costs.

Costs. 47. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the costs of and

incident to all proceedings in the High Court shall be in the discretion of the Court; but nothing herein contained shall deprive a trustee, mortgagee, or other person of any right to costs out of a

359

particular estate or fund to which he would be entitled according to the rules hitherto acted upon in Courts of Equity.

New Trials and Appeals.

48. A new trial shall not be granted on the ground of misdirection or of the improper admission or rejection of evidence, unless in the opinion of the Court to which the application is made some substantial wrong or miscarriage has been thereby occasioned in the trial of the action; and if it appear to such Court that such wrong or miscarriage affects part only of the matter in controversy, the Court may give final judgment as to part thereof, and direct a new trial as to the other part only.

49. Bills of exceptions and proceedings in error shall be abolished.

50. All appeals to the Court of Appeal shall be by way of rehearing, and shall be brought by notice of motion in a summary way, and no petition, case, or other formal proceeding other than such notice of motion shall be necessary. The appellant may by the notice of motion appeal from the whole or any part of any judgment or order, and the notice of motion shall state whether the whole or part only of such judgment or order is complained of, and in the latter case shall specify such part.

51. The notice of appeal shall be served upon all parties directly affected by the appeal, and it shall not be necessary to serve parties not so affected; but the Court of Appeal may direct notice of the appeal to be served on all or any parties to the action or other proceeding, or upon any person not a party, and in the meantime may postpone or adjourn the hearing of the appeal upon such terms as may seem just, and may give such judgment and make such order as might have been given or made if the persons served with such notice had been originally parties. Any notice of appeal may be amended at any time as to the Court of Appeal may seem fit.

52. The Court of Appeal shall have all the powers and duties as to amendment and otherwise of the Court of First Instance, together with full discretionary power to receive further evidence upon questions of fact, such evidence to be either by oral examination in court, by affidavit, or by deposition taken before an examiner or commissioner. Such further evidence may be given without special leave upon interlocutory applications, or in any case as to matters which have occurred after the date of the decision from which the appeal is brought. Upon appeals from a decree or judgment upon the merits, at the trial or hearing of any action or matter, such further evidence (save as aforesaid) shall be admitted on special grounds only, and not without special leave of the Court. The Court of Appeal shall have power to give any judgment and make any decree or order which ought to have been made, and to make such further or other order as the case may require. The powers aforesaid may be exercised by the said Court, notwithstanding that the notice of appeal may be that part only of the decision may be reversed or varied, and such power may also be exercised in fayour of all or any of the respondents or parties, although such respondents or parties may not have appealed from or complained of the decision. The Court of Appeal shall have power to make such order as to the whole or any part of the costs of the appeal as may seem just.

Restrictions on now trials.

Abolition of bills of exceptions and proceedings in error.

Mode of appealing.

Notice of appeal

General power of Appeal Court.

Ch. 66, 67. Supreme Court of Judicature. 36 & 37 Vict.

Regulations as to cross appeals.

Mode of bringing evidence before Court of Appeal.

Power for Court to refer to notes,

Ac.

Want of appeal from interlocutory order not to limit powers of Court of Appeal. Limit of time in appeals.

Appeal not to stay proceedings.

53. It shall not, under any circumstances, be necessary for a respondent to give notice of motion by way of cross appeal, but if a respondent intends, upon the hearing of the appeal, to contend that the decision of the Court below should be varied or altered, he shall, within such time as may be prescribed by Rules of Court or by special order, give notice of such intention to any parties who may be affected by such contention. The omission to give such notice shall not diminish the powers by this Act conferred upon the Court of Appeal, but may, in the discretion of the Court, be ground for an adjournment of the appeal, or for a special order as to costs.

54. When any question of fact is involved in an appeal, the evidence taken in the Court below shall be brought before the Court of Appeal in such manner as may be prescribed by Rules of Court or by special order.

55. If, upon the hearing of an appeal, a question arise as to the ruling or direction of the Judge to a jury or assessors, the Court shall have regard to verified notes or other evidence, and to such other materials as the Court may deem expedient.

56. No interlocutory order or rule from which there has been no appeal shall operate so as to bar or prejudice the Court of Appeal from giving such decision upon the appeal as may seem just.

57. No appeal from any interlocutory order shall, except by special leave of the Court of Appeal, be brought after the expiration of twenty-one days, and no other appeal shall, except by such leave, be brought after the expiration of one year. The said respective periods shall be calculated from the time at which the judgment or order is signed, entered, or otherwise perfected, or, in the case of the refusal of an application, from the date of such refusal, or from such time as may be prescribed by Rules of Court. Such deposit or other security for the costs to be occasioned by any appeal shall be made or given as may be prescribed by Rules of Court, or directed under special circumstances by the Court of Appeal.

58. An appeal shall not operate as a stay of execution or of proceedings under the decision appealed from, except so far as the Court appealed from, or any Judge thereof, or the Court of Appeal, may so order; and no intermediate act or proceeding shall be invalidated, except so far as the Court appealed from may direct.

CHAPTER 67.

An Act to regulate the Employment of Children in Agriculture.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make regulations with respect to the employment of children in the execution of various kinds of agricultural work, with a view to their better education:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1873. Agricultnml Children. Ch. 67. 361

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Agri- Short title, cultural Children Act, 1873."

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

3. This Act shall not come into operation until the first Commence-day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, ment 0 ct' which date is herein-after referred to as the commencement of

this Act.

4. The following words and expressions shall in this Act interpretation, have the meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there is something in the context inconsistent with such meaning;

that is to say,

"Child" shall mean a child under twelve years of age:

"Certificated child" shall mean a child for whom a certificate has been obtained in accordance with the provisions of this Act:

"Parent" shall mean the parent, guardian, or person who is liable to maintain or has the actual custody or control over any child:

"School" shall mean a school which the Lords of the Committee of the Privy Council on Education have recognised as giving efficient elementary education; or if there is no school which has been so recognised within two miles, measured according to the nearest road, of the residence of any child, then with respect to such child any elementary school, and shall also include any school certified by the Local Government Board for pauper children under the Act of the session of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, and any workhouse or district school for paupers under the Poor Law Acts:

"School attendance" shall mean attendance at a morning or afternoon meeting of a school for the whole of the time during which instruction in secular subjects is given at such meeting:

"Employer" shall mean any person occupying not less than one acre of land:

"Agent" shall mean any person acting as bailiff or foreman or on behalf of any employer, including any person contracting for the execution of any kind of agricultural work on land in the occupation of any employer:

"Summary Jurisdiction Acts" shall mean the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of justices " of the peace out of sessions within England and Wales " with respect to summary convictions and orders," and any Acts amending the same:

Ch. 67.

Prohibition of employment of children under eight years in agricultural work.

Restrictions on employment of children above eight years in agricultural work.

Certificate of school attendances to be given on application of parent.

Power to suspend temporarily restrictive provisions of Act.

Agricultural Children.

36 & 37 Vict.

"Court of summary jurisdiction" shall mean any justice or justices of the peace, metropolitan police magistrate, stipendiary or other magistrate, or officer, by whatever name called, to whom jurisdiction is given by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any Acts therein referred to.

5. From and after the commencement of this Act it shall not be lawful for any employer or his agent to employ any child under the age of eight years in the execution of any kind of agricultural work, unless he be the parent of such child, and the child be so employed by him on land in his own occupation.

6. From and after the commencement of this Act it shall not be lawful, subject as herein-after mentioned, for any employer or his agent to employ any child above the age of eight years in the execution of any kind of agricultural work, unless the parent of such child has obtained and exhibited to the employer or his agent a certificate in the form in the schedule to this Act annexed, or a form similar thereto, and stating the age of the child on his last birthday previous to the date of the issue of the certificate, and that the child has completed, if under ten years of age two hundred and fifty school attendances, and if ten years of age or upwards one hundred and fifty school attendances, within a period commencing not more than twelve months immediately preceding the month in which the certificate is issued. Such certificate shall not for the purposes of this Act be of any force or effect after the expiration of twelve months from the date of the issue thereof.

7. The parent of any child above eight years of age may apply to the principal teacher for the time being of any school which such child has attended during the twelve months, or any part of the twelve months, immediately preceding the month in which the application is made, to furnish a certificate in the said form specifying the number of school attendances of such child; and any such teacher who, without reasonable cause, makes default in complying with such application shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

8. A court of summary jurisdiction in any petty sessional division may, if it thinks fit, upon the written application of any person or persons occupying in the aggregate not less than three hundred acres of land in such petty sessional division, issue a notice declaring the restrictions imposed by this Act on the employment of children to be suspended therein for the period to be named in such notice; and during such period such restrictions shall not (save as to any proceedings commenced before the date of the notice) be of any force within such petty sessional division: Provided that the period or periods so named by any such court shall not exceed in the

1873. AgricvMurdL Children. Ch. 67. 363

whole eight weeks between the first day of January and the thirty-first day of December in any year.

The court shall cause a copy of every notice so issued to be sent to the overseers of every parish within such petty sessional division, and the overseers shall affix the same to the door of the principal church in the parish; and the court may further advertise any such notice in such manner (if any) as it may think fit.

0. Where a court of summary jurisdiction are satisfied that Power of court a child has been prevented by illness or some reasonable cause ^attend-m from completing during any twelve months the number of ances in case of school attendances requisite for obtaining a certificate in ac- illness, &c. cordance with the provisions of this Act, such court may by order made in a summary manner exempt the child for the purposes of this Act from such number of school attendances as may be specified in the order, and a copy of such order shall be delivered gratis to the person applying for the same; and such order shall have the same effect for the purposes of this Act as if it were a certificate that the child had completed the number of school attendances mentioned in such order.

10. Nothing in this Act shall render any employer or his Saving for agent liable to any penalty for employing any child above bar.

the age of eight years for whom no ^certificate has been ob- vest or unable tained in accordance with the provisions of this Act in the to attend operations of hay harvest, com harvest, or the gathering of plowed wh^T* hops, nor shall any employer or his agent be liable to a penalty school is for employing any such child in the execution of other agri- closed, cultural work, if it is proved to the satisfaction of the court having cognizance of the case either —

(a.) That during the twelve months immediately preceding the date of the employment there was no school open at which the child could have completed the number of school attendances requisite for obtaining a certificate in accordance with the provisions of this Act within two miles, measured according to the nearest road, of the residence of such child; or

(6.) That the school habitually attended by the child was closed for the holidays or other temporary cause at the time of the employment.

1L The provisions of this Act with respect to the employ- Cases in which ment of children shall not apply in the case of any child who ^trfmUnot has obtained from one of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools, apply, or from some person to be deputed by him for the purpose, a certificate under his hand to the effect that such child has reached the fourth standard of education as prescribed by the Minutes of the Education Department for the time being in force with respect to the Parliamentary Grant, or such other

Hh 2

364 Ch. 67. Agi'icultured Children. 36 & 37 Vict.

standard as may from time to time be fixed for the purpose of this Act by Minute of the Education Department; nor shall the said provisions apply in the case of any child for the time being detained in a certified reformatory school or in a certified industrial school within the meaning of the Reformatory Schools Acts, 1866 and 1872, and the Industrial Schools Acts, 1866 and 1872, respectively.

Persons employing children in contravention of Act deemed guilty of offence against Act.

12. If any employer or his agent employs any child in contravention of any of the provisions of this Act he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, unless it appears to the court having cognizance of the case that the child was so employed on the representation of his parent and under the belief in good faith that he was a duly certificated child, or above the age of twelve years, in which case the employer or agent shall not be, but the parent shall be, guilty of an offence against this Act.

Penalty for 13. Every person who forges or counterfeits any certificate

certificate squired by this Act, or gives or signs any such certificate

eer i ca e. falsely, or wilfully makes use of any forged, counterfeited, or false certificate, or aids in or abets any of the foregoing offences, shall be liable to be imprisoned for any period not exceeding three months with or without hard labour.

Penalty on 14. Every person guilty of an offence against this Act for Renees against which no other punishment is imposed by this Act, shall be 1 c liable, if he be an employer or an agent to a penalty not ex>

ceeding five pounds, and if he be any other person to a penalty not exceeding one pound.

Summary 15. All offences against this Act, and all penalties under this

proceedings for Act, may prosecuted and recovered in manner directed by ounces against gummary Jurisdiction Acts, before a court of summary jurisdiction, which, when hearing and determining an information or complaint, or any application under this Act, shall be constituted of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions sitting at a place appointed for holding petty sessions, or of some magistrate or officer for the time being empowered by law to do alone any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace sitting at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice.

Repeal of sect. 16. So much of the fourth section of the Agricultural Gangs of so & 3i Act, 1867, as enacts that no child under the age of eight years Vmt. c. iso. empi0ye(i m a^y agricultural gang shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof be it enacted, that no child under the age of ten years shall be employed in any agricultural gang.

Agricultural Children.

Ch. 67, 68.

365

SCHEDULE.

Form of Certificate of School Attendance.

I hereby certify that the subjoined particulars of date of admission to and number of attendances at School with reference to A.B. residing with C.D. at are correct.

Name of Child. Date of Admission to this School. Number of School Attendances within the Twelve Months ending

Month. Year.

And I further certify, that to the best of my belief the age of the said A.B. on his last birthday was years.

(Signed) M.N.,

Principal Teacher of School.

Dated of one thousand eight hundred and

Note. — All numbers in this form must be inserted in words and not in figures.

CHAPTER 68.

An Act for extending the Period of Service in the Militia; and for other purposes.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the period of service in the militia, and to make certain other amendments of the law:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Private men for the militia may, by voluntary enlistment Enrolment of only without regard to quota, be recuited by such officers, militia, non-commissioned officers, and men, whether belonging to the militia or to the army, as may be determined by Her Majesty, and may be enrolled to serve for any period not exceeding six years, and any person who, at the date of the passing of this Act, is or may hereafter be enrolled in the militia, may, at any time during the period of his existing enrolment, be re-

366

Ch. 68.

Militia (Service, <&.).

36 & 37 Vict.

Oath of militiamen.

Command and discipline of militia recruits.

Repeal of sec. 107. of 42 G. 3. c. 90. and sec. 103. of c. 91. and sec. 38. of 49 G. 3. c. 120.

Command of militia in the absence of superior officer.

Amendment of section of Militia Reserve Act, 1867.

Dealings with lands of the Duchy of Lancaster for the purposes of the Act.

enrolled to serve in the militia for a further period not exceeding six years from the date of his re-enrolment.

2. Whereas it is expedient to substitute ope form of oath for the various forms of oaths required to be taken by the non-commissioned officers and men of the militia of the United Kingdom, be it enacted that the oath to be taken by any such non-commissioned officer or man shall be as follows; that is to say,

' I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, that I will be ' faithful to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, her heirs and suc-c cessors, and that I will faithfully serve, in the militia, in any part of Great Britain and Ireland for the defence of the ' same, until I shall be discharged."

And such oath may be administered by any justice of the peace or any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant of a county having jurisdiction in the place in which the person about to take the oath may for the time being be found, or by any commissioned officer of the regiment in which the militiaman is about to be enrolled.

3. Militia recruits shall during the period of their recruit training, when the militia battalions to which they belong are not for the time being out for training and exercise, be subject to the command of such officers, whether of the militia or the regular forces, as may from time to time be appointed to serve with the force with which such recruits are being trained, and the officers in this section mentioned shall be competent to sit on any court-martial appointed for the trial of any such recruit for an offence committed by him during the period of his recruit training.

4. Section one hundred and seven of the Act chapter ninety, and section one hundred and three of the Act chapter ninety-one, of the forty-second year of the reign of King George the Third, and section thirty-eight of the Act chapter one hundred and twenty, of the forty-ninth year of the same reign, shall be repealed.

5. When the commanding officer of any regiment of militia is absent on leave, the command of such regiment shall devolve without special authority from the Crown in accordance with the usual custom of the service.

6. The fourth section of "The Militia Reserve Act, 1867," providing for the term and mode of enlistment of men in the militia reserve shall be construed as if the words " six years " were inserted therein in the place of the words " five years."

7. The Chancellor and council for the time being of the Duchy of Lancaster may, if they think fit, from time to time contract and agree with Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, for the sale of, and may

Militia (Service, <£c.).

Ch. 68, 69.

367

absolutely make sale and dispose of, for such sum or sums of money as to the said Chancellor and council appear sufficient consideration for the same, any lands or .rights belonging to Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, in right of the said duchy, which for the purposes of the Defence Acts, 1842 and 1860, the said Secretary of State may from time to time deem it expedient to purchase, and such lands or rights may be granted and assured to the said Secretary of State, and the said moneys shall be paid and dealt with, as if the said lands or rights had been sold under the authority of the Duchy of Lancaster Lands Act, 1855.

8. Where any municipal borough or boroughs has or have Amendment ot contributed towards the expense of providing any barracks, ^wLoSli-storehouses for arms and ammunition, or other buildings or zation Act, land which may be transferred to the Secretary of State in pur- 1872, s. 10. suance of the tenth section of the Military Forces Localization Act, 1872, such borough or boroughs shall be entitled to share in any moneys paid by the Secretary of State as a consideration for such transfer, in the proportion which the amount of their contribution bears to the original amount expended in providing such barracks, storehouses, buildings, or lands.

" Municipal borough " shall, in this section, have the same meaning which it has in the Military Forces Localization Act, 1872.

CHAPTER 69.

An Act to provide for proceeding on Petitions of Right in the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the " law relating to petitions of right, to simplify the proceedings,

" and to make provision for the costs thereof

And whereas it is expedient to make provision for the trial of petitions of right in the courts of law and equity in Ireland in the same manner as under the said statute they may be tried in England:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may upon all occasions and for all purposes be Short title of cited as " The Petitions of Right (Ireland) Act, 1873." Act#

Petition of right may he entitled in Irish court.

Petition must aver that cause of action arose in Ireland.

Provisions of Petitions of Right Act to apply.

Irish courts to make rules.

Ch. 69. Petitions of Right (Ireland). 36 & 37 Vict.

2. Any petition of right may, if the suppliant think fit, be entitled in any one of the superior courts of common law or equity at Dublin in which the subject matter of such petition, or any material* part thereof, would have been cognizable if the same had been a matter in dispute between subject and subject; and every such petition shall be in the form by the said Act prescribed, and upon the presentation of such petition the proceedings shall be the same as are provided for by the said Act, save and except that same may be, if Her Majesty shall be pleased to grant her fiat to that effect, prosecuted in the court in which same shall be so entitled, or in such other court as the Lord Chancellor of Ireland may direct.

3. Provided always, that every petition so entitled shall contain an averment that the subject matter of the said petition, or a material part thereof, arose within that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, and such averment shall be deemed to be a material and necessary statement in the case of the suppliant, and a traverse of such averment shall be deemed to be a sufficient pleading in bar of the suppliant's right to relief.

4. The provisions of "The Petitions of Right Act, 1860/' shall extend to and be applicable to proceedings under this Act, and shall in relation to such proceedings be construed as if the courts of law and equity in Ireland had been named in such Act instead of the courts of law and equity in England, and for such purposes the words "Lord High Chancellor" and " Lord Chancellor " shall be construed to mean and include the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and Lords Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being; the words " Her Majesty's Attorney General " or " the Attorney General " shall be construed to mean Her Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland; the words " Solicitor to the Treasury " shall be construed to mean Crown and Treasury Solicitor for Ireland; and the word " court" shall be construed to mean any one of the superior courts of common law at Dublin in which any such petition is presented, and all judgments and decrees pronounced by any court of law or equity in Ireland under this Act shall have the same force and effect to all intents and purposes as judgments and decrees pronounced under "The Petitions of Right Act, 1860," by any court of law or equity in England: Provided always, that unless within twenty-eight days after Her Majesty's fiat to any petition has been obtained a copy of such petition and fiat shall be left at the office of the Crown and Treasury Solicitor for Ireland, endorsed in manner by the said Petitions of Right Act, 1860, prescribed, no further proceedings shall be taken or had upon such petition.

5. The power of making rules and orders conferred upon the judges of the Court of ^Chancery and common law in

369

Petitions of Right (Ireland). Ch. C9, 70.

England by the fifteenth section of the said Act shall and may, in relation to the proceedings under this Act, be exercised by the judges of the Courts of Chancery and common law in Ireland respectively, in the same manner in all respects and subject to the same provisoes and restrictions as in such section provided and contained.

6. The forms contained in the schedule annexed to the said Fonns pre-Act shall be applicable to proceedings under this Act, with Right

such alterations and additions as may show that such petition Act to be uied. is entitled and such proceedings had in one of Her Majesty's superior courts of common law or equity in Ireland.

CHAPTER 70.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of Revising Barristers and the holding of Revision Courts.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to the appointment of revising barristers and the holding of revision courts:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Revising Barristers Act, 1873."

2. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal of Acts repealed from and after the passing of this Act to the extent m schedule* specified in the third column of the schedule, without prejudice to anything done or suffered before the passing of this Act under the enactments hereby repealed.

3. Her Majesty by Order in Council may vary from time Power to to time, either by way of increase or decrease, the number ^na}" ^oun* of revising barristers to be appointed for any counties, cities, number of reboroughs, or places in pursuance of section twenty-eight of \ng banris-the Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1843, and the tere* number fixed by such Order shall be substituted for the number fixed by the said section, or by any previous Order in Council made under this or any other Act.

' 4. Every banister appointed to revise the lists for a parliamentary borough containing, according to the last census for the time being, more than ten thousand inhabitants, shall hold at least one evening sitting of his court in such borough.

Evening sittings of revision court.

Ch. 70.

36 & 37 Vict.

Adjournment of court by revising barrister.

Interpretation,

[Extent of Act.]

Revising Barristers.

An evening sitting shall commence not earlier than six nor later than seven o'clock in the evening, and shall be of such duration as, in the opinion of the revising barrister, shall be reasonable.

Special notice or notices of an evening sitting or of evening sittings to be held in a borough shall be published by the town clerk in such manner as the revising barrister may direct.

5. If a revising barrister is prevented by illness from holding a court at any place in a county or borough at the appointed time, he may, by notice in writing addressed to the clerk of the peace of such county, or town clerk of such borough, adjourn such court to some other day named in the notice, and the court shall be adjourned accordingly; and the clerk of the peace or town clerk on the receipt of such notice shall forthwith give public notice of such adjournment, in like manner as he gives notice of the time at which the revising barrister will hold his court.

A formal adjournment of the court of a revising barrister from day to day shall not be necessary, but the revision shall be deemed to be adjourned, and may be continued from day to day until concluded: Provided that no court shall be adjourned under this section to any day later than the thirty-first day of October in any year.

6. In this Act —

The term "The Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1843," means the Act of the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighteen, intituled An Act to amend the law for the registration of " persons entitled to vote and to define certain rights of voting, and to regulate certain proceedings in the election of members to serve in Parliament for England and Wales

The terms " parliamentary borough and " borough " mean a city or borough as defined by the Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1843:

The other terms used in this Act have the same meaning as in the Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1843, and the enactments amending the same.

7. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 122.- An Act to enable Her Majesty in Council to make alterations in the circuits of the Judges. Section four.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 84. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of Revising Barristers. Section three.

Salmon Fishery.

Ch. 71.

371

CHAPTER 71.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Salmon Fisheries in England and Wales.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the laws relating to salmon fisheries in England and Wales:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I. — Preliminary. Definitions.

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Salmon Short title of Fishery Act, 1873/' and this Act and " The Salmon Fishery Act *

Acts, 1861 and 1865," may be cited together as " The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873."

2. This Act, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, Construction shall be read as one with "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 of Act and 1865."

3. This Act shall not come into operation until the first day Commence-of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, ment of Act* which date is herein-after referred to as the commencement of this Act.

4. In the construction of this Act and of "The Salmon Definition of Fishery Acts, 1861 and 1865," unless there is something interms-the subject or context repugnant to such construction, the words and expressions herein-after mentioned shall have respectively the meanings herein-after assigned to them; (that is to say,)

"Annual dose season" and "weekly close season" shall "Annualclose mean the annual close season and the weekly close " ^ge season for all kinds of salmon fishing except by rod season:"0 and line respectively applicable to and in force in the fishery district or place in which any offence charged shall be committed, and all penalties, forfeitures, pro- ,

ceedings, powers, and things described in the seventeenth, twentieth, twenty-first, and twenty-second sections of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, as applicable to the periods therein specified, or intended to be specified, as the annual and weekly close seasons, shall be deemed to apply to the annual or weekly dose seasons, as these may have been or shall be lawfully varied from time to time in each fishery district respectively:

"Close season for rods" shall mean and include the annual " Close sowon season during which at any particular place it is 0rforrod8:"

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

u Eishing weir: "

" Fixed engine: "

" Grating: "

" Inspector:"

u Occupier:"

" Otter lath or jack:"

11 Owner:"

44 Returning officer:"

" Rod and line:"

" Secretary of State:"

shall be unlawful at that place under the provisions of "The Sdlmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873/' to fish for, kill, take, or destroy, or attempt to kill, take, or destroy, any salmon with a single rod and line:

The definition of the words "fishing weir," in the fourth section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, is hereby repealed, and the words fishing weir shall mean any erection, structure, or obstruction fixed to the soil either temporarily or permanently across, or partly across, a river or branch of a river, and which is used for the exclusive purpose of catching or facilitating the catching of fish:

" Fixed engine " shall include, in addition to the nets, fixed implements, engines, and devices respectively mentioned in " The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 and 1865," any net placed or suspended in any inland or tidal waters unattended by the owner or any person duly authorised by the owner to use the same for catching salmon, and all engines, devices, machines, or contrivances, whether floating or otherwise, for placing or suspending such nets or maintaining them in working order or making them stationary:

"Grating" shall mean and include any device approved by the Secretary of State for preventing the passage of fish through any channel: u Inspectors" shall mean the inspectors of salmon fisheries appointed under the provisions of the thirty-first section of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861 "Occupier" shall include any person for the time being in actual possession of the fisheries and premises in respect of which that word is used, whether such person is owner or not;

" Otter lath or jack v shall mean and include any small boat or vessel, board, or stick, used for the purpose of running out baits, artificial or otherwise, across any portion of any lake or river, and whether used with a hand line or as auxiliary to a rod and line, or in any other way:

"Owner" shall mean and include any person receiving the rents of the property in respect of which that word is used from the occupier, or who would receive the same if such property were let to a tenant:

"Returning officer" shall mean the chairman of any board of conservators, or any person appointed by writing under his hand to conduct the elections of boards of conservators in the manner herein-after prescribed:

"Rod and line" shall mean single rod and line:

"Secretary of State" shall mean one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

Salmon Fishery.

Ch. 71.

373

"Strokehall or snatch" shall mean and include any instrument or device, whether used with a rod and line or otherwise, for the purpose of foul hooking any fish.

" Strokehall or snatch."

Part II. — Fishery Districts.

5. A board of conservators of any fishery district may, Power of Secre-after giving three calendar months notice in writing to any ^ter^istrictet0 other board or boards of conservators affected by such alteration, or, in case there is no board, to the justices of the

peace of any county in quarter sessions assembled, the whole or any part of which shall be affected by such alteration, apply to the Secretary of State to enlarge, reduce, or alter the limits of such district, or to combine two or more districts or parts of districts; and, after such notice has been previously advertised for two successive weeks in one or more local newspapers published or circulating within the district or districts affected by such alteration, the Secretary of State may thereupon by his certificate enlarge, reduce, or alter such district, either by uniting it with any other district or districts, or combining it with any other part or parts of a district or districts, or by severing any part from such district and forming it into a separate district, or uniting it with any other district, or by adding to such district any place not yet included in ' any district; and the certificate of the Secretary of State embodying all such alterations shall be granted in accordance with the provisions of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865/' and shall transfer and apportion any existing contracts, debts, mortgages, liabilities, and assets among such altered boards.

But no alteration of any district shall affect the power of any existing board or boards until the new districts are fully constituted.

6. When the effect of any such alteration is to include in a Combined district either an additional portion of any county previously included or a portion of a county not previously included, the justices of such county in quarter sessions assembled shall add

such number of members to the existing board of the district as the Secretary of State shall appoint; and where the effect of such alteration is to exclude altogether from the district any county, the whole of the members of the board appointed by such county shall cease to hold their offices at such board.

When the effect of such alteration is to partially exclude from the district any county, the number of members representing that county shall be reduced to such number as the Secretary of State shall appoint, and in case the effect of such alteration is to create the part severed from any district into a new district, or to unite the parts severed from different districts into a new district, then and in either of such cases the provisions of "The Salmon fishery Act, 1865," shall apply as if

Ch. 71.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 87 Vict.

Notices to be published.

Copy of certificate of formation of districts to be evidence.

a new district had been created under the provisions of the fifth section of that Act

7. A notice of any alteration made in any district or in the constitution of any board of conservators in pursuance of the provisions herein-before contained shall be advertised once in some daily morning London newspaper and at least once a week for four consecutive weeks in some newspaper or newspapers published or circulated within the district or districts affected by such alteration. The production of a copy of a newspaper containing any such advertisement shall be evidence of such advertisement having been given at the time such newspaper bears date.

8. A copy of the certificate or certificates of the Secretary of State deposited with the clerk of the peace of any county in relation to the formation, enlargement, combination, reduction, or alteration of a fishery district granted in pursuance of the fifth section of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865," or of this Act, certified or purporting to be certified as a true copy by the clerk of the peace of such county, shall be evidence that all the requisitions contained in " The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865," or in this Act, relating to the formation, enlargement, combination, reduction, or alteration of any fishery district have been complied with, and that such district has been duly formed, enlarged, combined, reduced, or altered with the limits and in the manner specified in such certificate or certificates.

9. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State, on the application of the justices for any county comprised, or partly comprised, in any fishery district, in quarter sessions assembled, one month's previous notice of such application having been given to the board of conservators affected by such alteration, to alter the number of conservators to be appointed at quarter sessions by the justices for all or any counties or county comprised, or partly comprised, in such district:

Provided always, that no such alteration shall be made, unless one month's previous notice has been given of the intention of the Secretary of State to make such alteration, in some newspaper or newspapers circulating within the district; and previous to the expiration of such notice it shall be lawful for any person to represent to the Secretary of State any objection which he may have to such alteration, and the Secretary of State shall, after making such inquiry into such objection as he may think fit, either make such alteration, or not, as he may see fit, and shall cause his final determination to be published in the same newspaper or newspapers in which his intention to make such alteration was originally published.

10. In any fishery district, where any members of a board

notice of aend conservators are appointed by the justices in quarter sessions

pointment. of a single county, or of one or more counties, a* notice of the

Power to Secretary of State to alter the number of conservators appointed by quarter sessions.

Clerk of the peace to send

Salmon Fishery.

Ch. 71.

375

appointment of the members of such board appointed by such county, or by each of such counties, with the name and address of each member, shall be sent to the clerk or other officer of the board of conservators by the clerk of the peace of such county, or of each of such counties, within fourteen days from the date of such appointment; and any clerk of the peace refusing or neglecting to send such notice shall for every such refusal or neglect be liable to a penalty of not exceeding two pounds.

1L Where any person is convicted of an offence under the Minute of con-Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873, or under any byelaw of

made in pursuance of this Act, the clerk of the justices oefore conservators, whom such person is convicted shall forward a certificate of such conviction to the clerk of the board of conservators for the fishery district within which such conviction took place within one calendar month from the date of such conviction, and such certificate shall be receivable in evidence in all legal proceedings, and any clerk to any justices neglecting or refusing to forward such certificate to the clerk of the board of conservators, shall for every such refusal or neglect be liable to a penalty of not exceeding two pounds.

12. For the purposes of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to Appointment 1873, the Commissioners of Supply in Scotland shall have all forT^riv^0" the privileges and duties of the justices in quarter sessions in Esk. England for the election of boards of conservators for the river

Esk.

Part III. — Restrictions as to certain Modes and Times

OF TAKING AND SELLING FlSH.

13. The provisions of the thirty-second section of the ?f

" Malicious Injuries to Property Act," so far as they relate to ^ct"5

poisoning any water with intent to kill or destroy fish, shall be extended and apply to salmon rivers, as if the words " or " in any salmon river " were inserted in the said section in lieu of the words " private rights of fishery " after the words " noxious material in any such pond or water."

14. Any person who shall shoot or work any seine or draft No draft net to

net for salmon in a river across the whole width or more than n

three fourths of the width thereof, within one hundred yards another until from the nearest point in the line of shot of any other seine latter is or draft net worked in like manner, and already shot or being ed* worked in such river before such last-mentioned net is fully

drawn in and landed, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

15. No person, between the first day of January and the No eel baskets, twenty-fourth day of June inclusive, shall hang, fix, or use

in any salmon river any baskets, nets, traps, or devices for

Ii 2

January and 24th day of June.

Interference with salmon in close seasons.

No fishing within 50 yards above or 100 yards below a weir or mill races except with rod and line.

catching eels or the fry of eels, or place in any inland water any device whatsoever to catch or obstruct any fish descending the stream; or shall at any time place upon the apron of any weir any basket, trap, or device for taking fish, except wheels or leaps for taking lampems between the first day of August and the first day of March; and any person acting in contravention of this section shall incur a penalty not exceeding two pounds for every day during which he suffers such engines to be fixed or used as aforesaid. But nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the use of eel baskets not exceeding in any part ten inches in diameter constructed so as to be fished with bait, and not used at any dam or weir.

16. No person shall, during the annual or weekly dose season, in any year, place any obstruction, use any contrivance, or do any act, for the purpose of deterring salmon from passing up a river; and any person acting in contravention of this section shall be liable to a penalty of not exceeding five pounds: Provided always, that nothing in this section shall apply to any kind of fishing for fish other than salmon legally practised in any river.

17. No person shall catch or kill, or attempt to catch or kill, except with rod and line, or scare or disturb, or attempt to scare or disturb, any salmon within fifty yards above or one hundred yards below any weir, dam, or artificial obstruction which hinders or retards the passage of salmon, or in any waters under or appurtenant to any mill, or in the head race or tail race of any mill, or in any waste race or pool communicating with such mill race, or in any artificial channel connected with such weir or obstruction; and no person shall fish with rod and line in such a manner, or such a place, near such weir or obstruction, as to wilfully scare or hinder salmon from passing through any fish pass, or over any part of such weir or obstruction usually available to salmon for the purposes of a passage. Any person acting in contravention of this section shall incur a penalty not exceeding five pounds for each offence, and a further penalty not exceeding one pound for every salmon so caught, and shall forfeit all boxes, baskets, nets, rods, implements, or devices used or placed for catching the same; provided that nothing in this section shall be deemed to apply to any legal fishing mill dam not having a crib, box, or cruive, or to any fishing box, coop, apparatus, net, or mode of fishing in connexion with and forming part of such weir or obstruction for purposes of fishing: Provided that where a fish pass approved by the Home Office, in pursuance of the twelfth section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, has been or shall be attached to such weir, dam, or artificial obstruction, this section shall not be enforced in respect of such weir or artificial obstruction until compensation has been made by the conservators of the district to the persons

Salmon Fishery.

Ch. 71.

377

entitled to fish in such waters for such right of fishery, such compensation to be settled in case of dispute in manner in which disputed compensation as to lands is directed to be settled under the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts.

18. The following sections of "The Salmon Fishery Act, Amendments of 1861/' and " The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865/' shall be re- ^aimon^ spectively amended in the following manner; (that is to say,) island 1865.'* (1.) The eighth section of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861," shall be construed as if the words " otter lath or jack,

" wire, or snare" were inserted after the word " any," and as if the words " or killing " were inserted after the word " catching n in the second sub-section, and as if the words "or kill" were inserted after the words " to catch 99 in the third sub-section:

(2.) The eleventh section of "The Salmon Fishery Act,

1861/99 shall be construed as if the words "or for the purpose of facilitating the catching of salmon, or " detaining or obstructing the free passage of," were inserted after the words " used for catching (3.) The fourteenth section of "The Salmon Fishery Act,

1861," shall be construed as if the words "kill or " injure or attempt to take " were inserted after the words " wilfully take " in the first sub-section of the first part thereof, and the words " in respect " of each fish taken, sold, or exposed for sale, or in " his possession" in the second sub-section of the second part thereof were omitted, and the words " for each such offence, and a further penalty of one " pound in respect of each fish taken, sold, or exposed " for sale, or in his possession " were inserted in lieu thereof:

(4.) The fifty-sixth section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1865, shall be construed as if the Words " or less than " one month" were inserted after the words " six " months

(5.) The fifty-seventh section of the Salmon Fishery Act,

1865, shall be read as if the words "1861 and 1865 99 were omitted, and the words "1861 to 1873, and " under any byelaw made under the authority of " this Act" were inserted in lieu thereof; but it shall not be imperative on any justices under the provisions of such section to inflict a greater penalty than fifty shillings for a second offence, or than five pounds for a third offence under the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873:

(6.) The sixtieth section of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865," shall be construed as if the words "or young of " salmon" were inserted throughout after the words " unclean or unseasonable salmon s *

Ii 3

378

Ch. 71.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

Penalties on selling fish during close time.

Penalty on selling trout char during close time.

(7.) The sixty-fourth section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1865, shall be read as if the word " October" were substituted for the word " November," and as if the word trout included the word char:

(8.) The provisions of the fourteenth section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, and the thirty-eighth section of this Act shall be read as if the word salmon included the words trout and char.

19. No person shall buy, sell, or expose for sale, or have in his possession for sale, any salmon or part of any salmon between the third day of September and the first day of February following, both inclusive. And any person acting in contravention of this section shall forfeit any salmon or part of any salmon so bought, sold, or exposed for sale, or in his possession for sale, and shall incur a penalty not exceeding two pounds for every such salmon or part of any salmon. But nothing herein contained shall apply to any person buying, selling, or exposing for sale, or having in his possession for sale, any salmon which has been cured, salted, pickled, or dried beyond the limits of the United Kingdom, or if within the limits of the United Kingdom between the first day of February and the third day of November in any year, or any clean fresh salmon caught within the limits of this Act, provided its capture by any net, instrument, or device other than a rod and line, was lawful at the time and in the place where it was caught, or to any clean fresh salmon caught at any time beyond the limits of this Act, provided its capture by any net, instrument, or device other than a rod and line, if within the United Kingdom, was lawful at the time and in the place where it was caught; but the burden of proving that any clean fresh salmon so bought, sold, exposed for sale, or in the possession of any person for sale was captured abroad or lawfully captured within the United Kingdom, shall lie on the person selling or exposing for sale, or having in his possession for sale any such salmon; and the burden of proving that any cured, salted, pickled, or dried salmon was cured, salted, pickled, or dried elsewhere than in the United Kingdom, or if within the United Kingdom, then between the first day of February and the third day of November in any year, shall lie upon the person in whose possession for sale such salmon is found.

20. No person shall buy, sell, or expose for sale, or have in his possession for sale, any trout or char between the second day of October and the first day of February following, both inclusive; and any person acting in contravention of this section shall forfeit any trout or char so bought, sold, or exposed for sale, or in his possession for sale, and shall incur a penalty not exceeding one pound for every such .trout or char.

Salmon Fishery *

Ch. 71.

379

Part IY. — Licenses.

21. The following rules shall apply to the issuing of licenses:

(1.) Licenses for fishing weirs, fishing mill dams, putts, putchers, fixed nets, and other fixed instruments or devices, and for moveable nets and other moveable instruments or devices, and also for rods and lines for catching salmon within a fishery district, shall be granted on payment of such sums not exceeding the sums mentioned in the third schedule hereto as the board of conservators of the district, with the sanction of the Secretary of State, may from time to time determine:

(2.) Licenses shall only be available within the fishery district for which they are granted. Licenses granted for public or common fisheries shall be available only for such fisheries. Licenses granted for private fisheries shall not be available in public or common fisheries, except licenses for the use of a rod and line:

(3.) Licenses for fishing weirs, fishing mill dams, putts, putchers, fixed nets, and other fixed instruments or devices for catching salmon, shall be available only for the use of the persons to whom they are granted, and for the employment of such instruments and devices as are named and described therein:

(4.) Licenses for moveable nets or other moveable instruments or devices for catching salmon shall be used only by the person to whom they are granted, or his agents or servants, and in respect of the instrument for which they are granted, and no person shall be deemed to be an agent or servant of a licensee for the purposes of this section unless his name is endorsed on the license, either by the licensee or his authorised agent, or by the clerk or other persons authorised by the conservators, and the conservators shall make arrangements for facilitating the endorsement of the names of agents or servants of licensees by their clerk or other persons authorised as aforesaid. A fee of sixpence shall be payable to such clerk or other person authorised as aforesaid in respect of the endorsement of the name of any agent or servant on a license, in pursuance of this section, by any person requiring the same, if made by the clerk or other person authorised by the conservators, or by the licensee in case of the endorsement being made by him or his authorised agent. A licensee shall not be entitled to have endorsed on his license the names of agents or servants exceeding

Provisions as to licenses.

380

Ch. 71.

Salmon i ishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

twice the number of persons required to work at one time the net, instrument, or device in respect of which the license is granted. Any licensee may from time to time remove or cause to be removed the name of any agent or servant from his license, and, if he so desire, may substitute or cause to be substituted the name of another agent or servant, on payment of a like fee for the name of each person so substituted; but no endorsement made by the licensee or his authorised agent shall be valid unless a copy thereof shall, within twenty-four hours from the date thereof, which date shall be inserted on the license at the time of making such endorsement as aforesaid, be sent by post to such clerk or other person authorised as aforesaid, accompanied with such fee or fees as are payable under tins section in respect of such endorsement, and no person shall be deemed to be an authorised agent of the licensee for the purposes of this sub-section unless his name and address and notice of his appointment as an authorised agent shall have been sent by post to the clerk or other person authorised by the conservators previously to any endorsement being made by such authorised agent: Provided always, that if a licensee at any time during a fishing season, either works or assists in working a moveable net or other moveable instrument or device himself, the number of names which he shall be entitled to have endorsed on the license for such moveable net or other moveable instrument or device shall be one less than twice the number of persons required at one time to work such moveable net, instrument, or device. Any licensee or authorised agent of a licensee who fraudulently endorses on the license more names than he is entitled to have endorsed thereon, or who endorses thereon any date other than the actual date of the making of such endorsement, shall be liable on conviction thereof to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds:

(5.) A license for the use of a rod and line shall be used only by the person to whom it is granted, and shall in no case be transferable.

Penalty on 22. In all fishery districts in which licenses are payable witu>ut8alm°n un(^er the provisions of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865," or license. this Act, any person fishing for, taking, killing, or attempting

to take or kill, salmon by any means whatsoever other than a properly licensed fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, instrument, net, ol* device for catching or facilitating the catching of salmon, or assisting any such person in so doing,

1873.

Salmon Fishery.

Ch. 71.

381

shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and a further penalty of not exceeding one pound in respect of each salmon so caught: Provided that this section shall not prevent the use of a gaff or landing net as auxiliary to any holder of a rod license angling with a rod and line, and that nothing herein contained shall affect the provisions of the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth sections of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865."

23. The conservators of a district may expend any moneys Application of in their hands in any manner, not being illegal, they may think most conducive to the improvement of the salmon conservators, fisheries within their district.

24. In every fishery district the maximum duty payable in Scale of respect of any license for the use of any rod and line, fishing licenses, weir, fishing mill dam, putt, putcher, net, and other instrument or device for taking salmon shall not exceed the sums mentioned in the third schedule hereto.

25. The board of conservators may, with the consent and Board Why varjr approval of the Secretary of State, from time to time vary

the license duties leviable within their district, and vary the val of%e

license duties leviable on similar instruments in different parts Secretary of

of the district, specifying in the licenses the portions of the State *

rivers in which the said licensed instruments may be used, so,

however, that the license duties so varied shall not exceed the

sum mentioned in the third schedule hereto: Provided that

in the event of any variation in the said scale of license duties

being agreed upon, the board shall cause notice thereof to be given by advertisement in one or more local newspapers not

less than once in each week for four consecutive weeks before

the commencement of the next fishing season; and if from

any mistake or error or any other cause such variation shall not have been duly made and published, the scale of licenses

in force during the preceding year shall be deemed to be in

force for all purposes whatsoever, and shall so continue until

it shall be duly altered or varied under the provisions of this Act.

Part V. — Constitution of Boards of Conservators.

(i.) Ex-ojjicio Members.

26. In addition to the elected members of any board of Ex-officio mcm-conservators for any fishery district, every person shall be an bers of board of ex-officio member of such board who possesses either of the conservators* qualifications herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

(1.) Is the owner or occupier of a fishery or fisheries in such fishery district, which is or are assessed to the rate for the relief of the poor on a gross estimated rental of thirty pounds a year; provided that in no case shall both the owner and occupier be entitled to act at the same time as ex-officio members in respect of

882

Ch. 71.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

Provision for persons under disability.

Ex-officio members to sign a declaration.

Additional members of boards of conservators.

the same fishery or fisheries; and if there be more than one such owner or occupier of the same fishery or fisheries, then any one of such owners or occupiers:

(2.) Is the owner of lands in such fishery district of an annual value of not less than one hundred pounds, having a frontage of not less than one mile to any salmon river (in ascertaining such distance the frontage on both sides of the river to be counted), having the right to fish in the part of the river adjoining such frontage, and having paid license duty for fishing for salmon within such district during the last preceding fishing season,

27. In all cases where the owner of any fisheries or lands possessing either of the aforesaid qualifications for4 ex-officio members of the said board of conservators shall be a minor, idiot, lunatic, feme covert, or under any legal disability, or shall be a corporation, company, or fishery association, one of the guardians or trustees of such minor, the committee of the estate of such idiot or lunatic, the husband of such feme covert, one of the members of such corporation, company, or fishery association, or the attorney or agent of such guardian, trustee, committee, husband, corporation, company, or fishery association (respectively) shall be entitled to act as an ex-officio member of the board of conservators of the district within which such fisheries or lands are situate.

28. Any person claiming to be entitled to act as an ex-officio member of any board of conservators for any fishery district shall, previously to taking his seat at any such board, or taking any part in the proceedings thereof, or acting in any way as a member of such board, sign a declaration in such form as the board shall prescribe, setting forth the nature of the qualification in respect of which he claims to be entitled to act; and any person wilfully making any false declaration or acting before having made such declaration, having been required to do so, shall be liable to a penalty of not exceeding five pounds; and every ex-officio member having signed such declaration as aforesaid shall be entitled to act as a member of the board so long only as he continues to hold such qualification, and in case of any alteration being made in any fishery district, in pursuance of the provisions contained in Part II. of this Act, he shall be entitled to act only in that district where his qualification exists.

(ii.) Representative Members.

29. In addition to the members of any board of conservators appointed under the provisions of" The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865/' in all fishery districts in any part of which there

Ch. 71.

383

Salmon Fishery.

are any public or common rights of fishing, and where such rights are exercised by fishermen duly licensed to fish for salmon (otherwise than with rod and line), all persons who have taken out licenses to fish in such public or common waters or both (other than licenses for the use of a rod and line), during the last preceding fishing season, shall be entitled to elect such number of additional members to represent them at the board of conservators for such district as are hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

If the aggregate amount of license duty paid for fishing in public or common waters or both (other than licenses for the use of a rod and line) does not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, one member:

And if the aggregate amount of license duty exceed that sum, one additional member for every additional fifty pounds or part of fifty pounds.

30. The election of such additional members shall be held Rules as to in accordance with the following provisions; (that is to say,) ^mbers of (1.) The board of conservators shall hold a meeting after mem the commencement of the annual close season in each year; at such meeting the clerk of the board shall produce a statement of the license duty paid in the district during that year, and the board shall thereupon ascertain and declare the amount of license duty paid in respect of licenses for fishing otherwise than with rod and line in public or common waters or both, and the number of representative members for the ensuing year:

(2.) The first meeting of the new board of conservators shall be held annually upon such day after the day fixed for the election of such additional members in each year as the chairman of the board for the preceding year shall appoint:

(3.) Within a reasonable time before the first meeting of any board of conservators in every year, the returning officer shall sign and publish a notice specifying the number of members to be elected and shall send a copy of such notice by post, with a nomination paper, in the form contained in the first schedule hereto, to each person qualified to vote under the last preceding section, and who shall be either resident within, or the owner of land within, or within ten miles of the boundary of the fishery district in respect of which such license was issued:

(4.) The notice shall specify the last day on which the i nomination papers are to be sent to the returning officer:

(5.) Any person entitled to vote may fill up such nomination paper with his own name, or with the name or names of any other person or persons (not ex-

384

Ch. 71.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

ceeding the number of persons to be elected), and send such nomination paper by post to the returning officer on or before such specified day. If the number of persons nominated shall be the same or less than the number of persons to be elected, such persons shall be deemed to be duly elected for one year, or until the next annual election, and shall be certified as elected by the returning officer under his hand: (6.) If the number nominated exceed the number to be elected, the returning officer shall send by post a voting paper in the form contained in the second schedule hereto, containing in alphabetical order the names of all persons nominated, to each person entitled to vote, and shall specify a day, not less than five days or more than ten days from the date of sending such voting paper, upon which such voting paper is to be returned to him:

(7.) Every voter shall, in the presence of a witness, write his initials or make his mark against the name or names of the person or persons (not exceeding the number to be elected) for whom he intends to vote, and shall insert the number of votes he intends to give to each person, and shall strike out the name or names of every other person or persons and sign the voting paper with his name and address. In case the voter cannot write, such witness shall attest and write his own initials against the name of every candidate for whom the voter intends to vote, and against the mark of such voter, and shall fill up the number of votes given to each candidate. In every case such witness shall subscribe his own name and address to such voting paper

(8.) Each voter shall be entitled to vote according to the following scale; (that is to say,)

If the license duty paid by him shall exceed one pound and not exceed two pounds, one vote for each member to be elected:

If the license duty shall exceed two pounds but not exceed five pounds, two votes for every such member:

If the license duty shall exceed five pounds and not exceed ten pounds, three votes for every such member:

If the license duty shall exceed ten pounds and not exceed twenty pounds, four votes for every such member:

If the license duty shall exceed twenty pounds, five votes for every such member:

(9.) A voter may give all such votes to any one of the persons nominated, or may distribute them amongst

1873.

Salmon Fishery.

Ch, 71.

385

such of the persons nominated, not exceeding the number to be elected, as he shall think fit:

(10.) The voter shall send the voting paper by post to the returning officer, duly filled up and attested as aforesaid, on or before the day mentioned therein:

. (11.) In case any person entitled to vote shall not have received a voting paper, he shall be entitled, on his personal application to the returning officer, before the day fixed for the return of the voting papers, to receive and fill in a voting paper in manner aforesaid: (12.) The returning officer, within four days after the day fixed for the return to him of the voting papers, shall inquire into the validity of the votes given, and cast up and ascertain the number of valid votes given to each person nominated, and the persons in accordance with the number to be elected who shall have obtained the greatest number of valid votes shall be deemed to be elected, and the returning officer shall certify them to be so under his hand: (13.) The returning officer shall make out a list containing the names of all persons nominated, together with the number of valid votes (in case of a contest) given to each person nominated, and shall sign and certify the same, and shall deliver such list, together with the nomination and voting papers, to the board of conservators at their next meeting; and such list shall be open to the inspection of all license payers without fee or reward:

(14£) The returning officer shall, immediately after ascertaining the persons elected, send by post to each person so elected a notice of his election, and shall publish the names of the persons so elected in such newspaper or newspapers circulating within the district as the board shall direct:

(15.) If upon casting up the votes the returning officer shall find that an equal number of votes has been given for two or more persons, one or more of whom only is or are entitled to be elected, he shall, in the presence of two or more witnesses, determine by lot which of such persons is or are elected, and the person or persons so determined shall be deemed to be for all intents and purposes duly elected member or members of the board as if he or they had obtained a majority of the votes at such election:

(16.) Any casual vacancy occurring by death, resignation, or otherwise, among such additional members of the board of conservators, maybe filled up by the board; but the member chosen to fill such vacancy shall hold his office for such time only as the member vacating would have held the same if no vacancy had occurred.

CH. 71.

36 & 37 Vict.

Returning officer to recover expenses.

Penalty on returning officer for wilful neglect of provisions as to elections.

Penalty for personating voters, &c.

Continuance of old boards, ratification of their proceedings.

Salmon Fishery.

31. The returning officer shall, at the first meeting of the board of conservators after any such election* as aforesaid, lay before the board an account of the expenses incurred by him in conducting such election. And the board of conservators shall thereupon cause the same to be audited, and may disallow any item they consider to be excessive or illegal; and shall forthwith pay the amount found due to the returning officer, and in default of payment the returning officer shall be entitled to recover from the board of conservators in a summary manner whatever shall be found due to him after such accounts have been audited.

32. At any such election, if the returning officer wilfully neglects or refuses to comply with any of the provisions of this Act, he shall be liable for every such offence to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

33. At any such election, if any person or persons wilfully fabricate in whole or in part, or alter, deface, destroy, abstract, or purloin any voting paper, or personate any person entitled to vote, or falsely assume to act in the name or on behalf of any person so entitled to vote or attest the execution of any voting paper, such person or persons shall be liable on conviction thereof to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, or to be imprisoned for any time not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour.

34. Nothing in this Act contained shall be held to invalidate anything done or suffered to be done before the passing thereof, by any board of conservators formed under the powers and authority of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865/' and all the proceedings and acts of such boards shall be as valid and effectual as if this Act had not been passed. And the proceedings of all boards of conservators after the passing of this Act shall accordingly be subject and without prejudice to everything so done or suffered to be done, and to all rights, liabilities, claims, and demands, both present and future, which would if this Act had not been passed be incident to and consequent on any or everything so done or suffered to be done, and the proceedings, and all proceedings of boards of conservators under this Act, shall be deemed a continuation of and form a part of the proceedings of boards of conservators constituted under "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865." And the boards of conservators appointed under this Act shall to all intents and purposes represent and be deemed a continuation of the boards of conservators appointed under the provisions of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865." And no act or proceeding of any board of conservators appointed under the provisions of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865," or of this Act, shall be questioned on account of any vacancy or vacancies in their body, and no defect in the qualification or appointment of any

Salmon Fishery.

Ch. 71.

387

person or persons acting as member or members of any board of conservators shall be deemed to vitiate or affect any proceedings of such board in which he or they may have taken part.

35. Any minute made of proceedings at a meeting of a Evidence of board of conservators, signed by the chairman of such meeting, proceedings at or by the chairman of the next meeting of the board, shall be meetings* receivable in evidence in all legal proceedings without further proof; and until the contrary is proved every meeting of the board in respect of the proceedings of'which minutes have been so made, shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held, and all the members thereof to have been duly qualified.

Part VI. — Powers of Water Bailiffs.

36. Any water bailiff appointed under "The Salmon Fishery Powers of Acts, 1861 to 1873," acting within the limits of his district, water bailiff, may do all or any of the following things; (that is to say,)

(1.) Examine any weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or obstruction, or any artificial watercourse connected with any salmon river; and any person refusing to any water bailiff access to any such weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, obstruction, or watercourse, shall be liable for every such offence to a penalty not exceeding five pounds:

(2.) Stop and search on any salmon river any boat, barge, coracle, or other vessel used in fishing, or which there is reasonable cause to suspect contains any salmon, and seize any fish, instrument of fishing, or other articles forfeited in pursuance of v The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873 and any person refusing to allow any such boat, barge, coracle, or other vessel to be stopped and searched, or resisting or obstructing any water bailiff in any such search, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding fivq pounds:

(3.) Search and examine all nets, baskets, bags, or other instruments used in fishing or in carrying fish by persons whom there is reasonable cause to suspect of having possession of fish illegally caught; seize all fish and other articles forfeited in pursuance of u The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873 and any person refusing to allow any nets, baskets, bags, or other instruments used in fishing or in carrying fish to be searched or examined, or resisting or obstructing any water bailiff in any such search or examination, shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds;

Kk 2

Ch. 71.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

Water bailiff may enter on land.

Persons fishing illegally at night may be apprehended.

Hoards may make byelaws for certain purposes.

(4.) For the enforcement of the provisions of "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873," every water bailiff shall be deemed to be a constable, and to have all the same powers and privileges, and be subject to the same liabilities as a constable duly appointed now has or is subject to in his constablewick, by virtue of the common law of the realm or of any statute:

(5.) The production by a water bailiff of the instrument of his appointment, executed in the manner prescribed in "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865," shall be a sufficient warrant for any water bailiff exercising the authorities given to him under "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873."

37. Any water bailiff may under a special order in writing from the board of conservators, signed by the chairman for the time being of such board, for this purpose at all reasonable times enter, remain upon, and traverse any lands, not being a dwelling-house or the curtilage thereof, adjoining or near to any salmon river within the fishery district of such board, for the purpose of preventing any breach of the provisions of "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873;" and no water bailiff entering, remaining upon, or traversing any land in pursuance of such order shall be deemed a trespasser. Provided always, that this section shall not apply to decoys or lands used exclusively for the preservation of wild fowl, and that no such order shall remain in force for more than two months from the date thereof. But nothing herein contained shall affect any other powers of search conferred by "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873."

38. If any person, between the expiration of the first hour after sunset on any day and the beginning of the last hour before sunrise of the following morning, illegally takes or kills salmon, or is found on or near any salmon river with intent illegally to take or kill salmon, or having in his possession for the capture of salmon any instrument prohibited by the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873, it shall be lawful for any water bailiff, together with any assistants, to seize and apprehend any such offender without warrant, and to deliver him, as soon as may be, into the custody of a peace officer, in order to his being conveyed before two justices of the peace for the purpose of being convicted in the penalty assigned for his offence.

Part VII. — Byelaws.

39. Subject to the provisions herein-after contained for the confirmation and publication of byelaws, a board of conservators may make byelaws for the better execution of "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873," and for the better protection.

1873. Salmon Fishery. Ch. 71.

preservation, and improvement of the salmon fisheries within their district, and alter the same from time to time for all or any of the following purposes; (that is to say,)

(1.) To alter the commencement and termination of the annual close season as to the whole or part of the district, so that such close season, when so altered, shall not be less than one hundred and fifty-four days, for all modes of salmon fishing, except with rod and line, and shall not commence later than the first of November in each year, and as regards fishing with rod and line, so that such close season shall not be less than ninety-two days, and shall not commence later than the first of December in each year:

(2.) To alter the commencement and termination of the weekly close season as to the whole or part of a district, so that such season shall not commence before six o'clock on Friday afternoon, and not terminate earlier than midnight on the Sunday following, nor continue later than twelve o'clock on the following Monday at noon, such weekly close time in no case to exceed forty-eight hours:

(3.) To determine the length, size, and description of nets, and the manner of using the same (not being fixed engines) for taking salmon: Provided that no byelaw made under the authority of this section shall limit the length of a hang net, or limit the length of a draft net so as to be less than two hundred yards: (4.) To determine the minimum size of the mesh of nets for catching salmon that shall be lawfully used within the district, so that such mesh shall not be less than one and a half inch from knot to knot, and so that no person shall be compelled to use a mesh larger than two and a half inches, measured when wet:

(5.) To determine the form of license and the manner in which licenses shall be issued, provided that different forms be used for licenses for fishing in public or common and in private fisheries:

(6.) To Vary the rate of license duty in different parts of the district, in respect of the length or size of the net used, so that such duty shall not exceed the sum mentioned in the third schedule hereto:

(7.) To determine what marks, labels, or numbers shall be attached to licensed nets, or painted upon or affixed to boats, coracles, or other vessels used in fishing: (8.) To prohibit the use of nets within a certain distance of the mouth of any river, and of the point of confluence of rivers in any part of the district (not being a several fishery), and to erect and fix posts, buoys, and landmarks to indicate such distances respectively: Kk 3

389

Ch. 71.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

Byelaws may apply to all or part only of a district, and to whole or parts of a year.

(9.) To determine the time during which it shall be lawful to use a gaff in connexion with a rod and line:

(10.) To determine when gratings shall be placed during certain times of the year across the head and tail race of mills and across any artificial channel, so, however, as not to diminish the supply of water to any mill, nor to interfere with the passage of vessels or otherwise injure any inland navigation or lock, but so that the provisions of the thirteenth section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, shall not be affected: (11.) To regulate during the annual and weekly close seasons the use within any river of nets for fish other than salmon, when such use at such times is

S* idicial to the salmon fisheries: Provided that ing in this sub-section contained shall authorise anything to be done which shall affect any part of any river in which part there is a several right of fishery, or any river or part of any river where the breadth at low water is greater than six miles:

(12.) To prohibit the use in any inland water of any net, except a landing net or a net for taking eels, between the expiration of the first hour after sunset and the last hour before sunrise:

And the said board may, by any such byelaw, impose a penalty not exceeding the sum of five pounds for each offence against such byelaw; such penalties shall be recovered and applied in manner herein-after provided: Provided always, that such byelaw, having been reduced to writing and sealed with the common seal of the board, shall be confirmed and published in manner herein-after provided, and shall be so framed as to allow the justices before whom any penalty imposed thereby shall be sought to be recovered to order the whole or part only of such penalty to be paid: Provided also, that no byelaw shall be made unless notice of an intention to propose the same shall have been given in the notice convening the meeting of the conservators at which it is intended to propose such byelaw, which notice shall be issued one fortnight at least before the date of such meeting.

40. A board of conservators may make any byelaw to apply to the whole or to any part or parts of their district, and to the whole or any part or parts of the year, and may from time to time by any new byelaw revoke, vary, or alter, either in whole or in part, or as to its application to the whole or to any part or parts of the district, any byelaw previously made, and may from time to time vary any byelaw made in respect of the whole or any part or parts of the district, and may from time to time except or exclude from the operation of all or any of the byelaws any part or parts of the district, or extend the operation of any byelaw made for

391

Ch. 71.

any part or parts of the district to the whole or other parts of the district.

41. No byelaw made by such board of conservators shall come into operation until the same be confirmed by one of Her Majesty's Secretaries of State, who may direct an inquiry into the same at such time and place, and before such persons, and after giving such notices as he shall think fit; and with or without such inquiry he may allow or disallow the said byelaws as he shall think fit: Provided that if at any time before the confirmation of any byelaw for any purpose mentioned in sub-sections one, two, three, four, or eight of section thirty-nine, any owner or occupier of any fishery or any licensee who would be affected by such byelaw shall, by notice in writing to the Secretary of State, object thereto, and shall give such security for the payment of any costs attending the inquiry and the notice herein-after mentioned as the Secretary of State may require, the Secretary of State shall either disallow such byelaw or cause a public inquiry to be held in some convenient place by such person or persons as he may appoint, when all persons interested may have the opportunity of being heard; and after such inquiry the Secretary of State shall either disallow such byelaw or give one month's notice of his intention to allow the same by advertisement in some newspaper or newspapers circulating in the district affected thereby.

42. For one month at least before any application for confirmation of any byelaws, notice of the intention of the said board to apply for such confirmation shall be given once in each week by advertisement in one or more newspapers circulating in the district, and a copy of the proposed byelaws shall be kept at the office of the board, or some place to be appointed by the chairman for that purpose, and all persons may at all reasonable times inspect such copy without fee or reward, and the said board shall furnish every person who shall apply for the same with a copy thereof, or of any part thereof, on payment of one penny.

43. The said byelaws when confirmed shall be printed, and the secretary or clerk to the said board shall deliver a printed copy thereof to every person who shall pay license duty without charge, and a copy thereof shall be placed and renewed from time to time, on boards, or put up in some conspicuous place or places within the district, and shall be open to inspection without fee or reward; and in case the said secretary or clerk shall wilfully refuse to deliver or to allow the same to be inspected as aforesaid, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

44. Any byelaw made, confirmed, and published according to the provisions of this Act, shall be binding and be observed

Byelaws not to come into operation until confirmed by the Secretary of State.

Byelaws to be open to inspection before application to confirm them.

Byelaws when confirmed to be printed and published.

Byelaws when confirmed and published to be

392

binding on all persons.

Qyelaws proved by copy having seal of board and publication in newspapers.

Penalty on all persons, rebuilding weirs and making new weirs without fish passes, and raising or altering weirs so as to increase obstruction to passage of salmon.

Ch. 71. Salmon Fishery. 36 & 37 Vict.

by all parties, and shall be sufficient to justify all persons acting under the same.

45. The production of a written or printed copy of any byelaw purporting to have been confirmed, authenticated by the common seal of the board, shall be conclusive evidence of the existence and due making of such byelaw in all legal proceedings, and £he production of a copy of any newspaper or newspapers containing the notice of the making of any such byelaw shall be taken and received in all legal proceedings as evidence that all things required by this Act for the making and publication of the byelaw therein advertised have been duly done, performed, and published.

Part VIII. — Weirs and Fish Passes.

46. Every person who in any salmon river, since the sixth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, has created, caused, or increased, or who hereafter shall create, cause, or increase any obstruction to the passage of salmon, or who rebuilds or reinstates a weir or dam which from any cause shall have been destroyed or taken down to the extent of one half of the length of such weir, dam, or obstruction, shall make a fish pass for salmon of such form and dimensions as the Secretary of State shall approve, as part of the structure thereof, if none already exists, and every person who omits or fails to make such fish pass in such weir, or who newly builds a weir without providing such fish pass, or who raises or alters any existing weir in whole or part, so as to cause increased obstruction to the passage of salmon, or who makes or continues any obstruction whatsoever to the passage of salmon without lawful authority, shall incur a penalty of not exceeding twenty pounds for every such offence, and a further penalty of not exceeding two pounds for every day during which such offence is continued, commencing from the date of the first conviction; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State to cause to be done any work by this section required to be done by such person, and to recover the expenses of doing the same in a summary manner from such person, or from the owner or occupier of such obstruction who shall neglect to do the same. But this section shall not authorise anything to be done that may injuriously affect any navigable river, canal, or inland navigation, public waterworks, dock or docks, the supply of water to which is obtained from any navigable river, canal, or inland navigation, under the provisions of any Act of Parliament, nor shall anything in this section or in the twenty-fifth section of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861," prevent any person from removing a fish pass for the purpose of repairing or altering such obstruction, so that within a reasonable time he restore such fish pass in as

Salmon Fishery.

Ch. .71.

393

effectual a state as it was before he removed the same; and for the purpose of this section the owner or occupier of any such obstruction for the time being shall be deemed to be the person who created or caused or increased such obstruction in manner aforesaid.

47. In case any member of the board of conservators of Member of the district is the owner of any weir, dam, fishing mill dam, board may or obstruction, nothing in "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 pen°saiion?m" to 1873," shall prevent the board paying to such member

any compensation in respect of the same, provided that such member does not vote in respect of the payment of any such compensation to himself.

48. Any person wilfully altering or injuring any fish pass, Penalty on or doing any act whereby fish are obstructed or liable to be ^Jnudr^ a°d^h obstructed in using such fish pass, or whereby such fish pass pass inefficient, is rendered less efficient, or altering the bed or banks of the

river so as to render any fish pass less efficient, or using any contrivance or doing any act whereby fish are in anywise liable to be scared, hindered, or prevented from passing, through such fish pass shall for every such offence incur a penalty of not exceeding five pounds, and a further penalty of not exceeding one pound for every day during which any such alteration, obstruction, or contrivance is continued from the date of a second conviction for such offence, in addition to any expense which may be incurred in restoring such fish pass to its former state of efficiency.

49. Where any board of conservators shall be of opinion, Board, if dehaving regard to the prejudicial effect upon the salmon fisheries "ronoJ^uir" of their district, caused by any weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing sontyTweir or mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction which hinders obstruction for the passage of fish, that it would be beneficial to such fisheries ^ovaTma of if such weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, petition Secre-or artificial obstruction should be removed, in whole or in part, tary of State, but the owner thereof shall be unwilling or unable to treat, or

they cannot agree to the terms of purchase thereof, and such board shall be desirous of obtaining authority to acquire compulsorily the property of such weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction, and premises, for the purposes of such removal, such board may, after giving one month's notice of their intention to the owner thereof present a petition to the Secretary of State praying that such board may, with reference to such weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction, and the premises used in connexion therewith, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and such prayer shall be supported by such evidence as the Secretary of State may require.

394

Ch.- 71.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

Provision as fish passes.

Upon the receipt of such petition, and upon due proof of notice being given to the owner and occupier of such weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction, the Secretary of State, after satisfying himself that the board are provided with funds for the purchase of such weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction, and the premises connected therewith, shall take such petition into consideration, and may either dismiss the same or direct an inquiry in the district in which such weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, or artificial obstruction is situated, or otherwise inquire into the propriety of assenting to the prayer of such petition.

After the completion of such inquiry, the Secretary of State may, by provisional order, empower the said board to put in force with reference to the said weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction, and premises referred to in such order, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, with such conditions and modifications as he may think fit, and the board shall serve a copy of any order so made upon the owner and occupier of the said weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction and premises. No provisional order so made shall be of any validity until the same has been confirmed by Act of Parliament, and the Act confirming such order shall be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament, and the said board shall be thereupon deemed and taken to be the promoters of an undertaking to remove the said weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction, in whole or part, so as to enable salmon to pass more freely, and the residue of the premises so purchased, when separated from such weir, dam, fishing weir, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction, shall be deemed to be superfluous lands within the meaning of the said Acts, and may be dealt with accordingly: Provided that this section shall not extend to any weir constructed under any Act of Parliament for the purpose of improving the navigation of any river, or of supplying any town with water. For the purposes of this section the word owner shall mean any person or corporation who under the provisions of this clause and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts would be enabled to sell and convey any such weir, dam, fishing mill dam, fixed engine, or artificial obstruction.

50. When any proprietor of a fishery or board of con-

servators is or are, from the circumstances of the case, unable to attach a fish pass to any weir, dam, fishing mill dam, or obstruction under the provisions of the twenty-third section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, such proprietor or board of conservators may, after giving such notice as is prescribed in

Salmon Fishery.

Ch. 71.

395

the last preceding section, present a petition tq the Secretary of State praying to be allowed to purchase so much of the bank adjoining the same as may be necessary for such fish pass, and the provisions contained in the last preceding section with reference to the proceedings upon a petition for the purchase of any weir or obstruction for the purpose of removal shall apply to a petition presented under the provisions of this section.

51. In any case where the special commissioners for English Provision as to fisheries have decided that any fishing mill dam, box, crib, or we'" cruive is illegal only by reason of its not having a fish pass with fiXpassee. attached thereto as required by law, if the owner thereof

enters into an undertaking to erect and maintain at his own expense a fish pass in accordance with the provisions of the twelfth section of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861," before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, it shall be lawful for such person to use, from and after the erection of such fish pass, the said fishing mill dam, box, crib, or cruive for taking salmon, any provision in " The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865," to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided nevertheless, that in the event of the owner of such fishing mill dam, box, crib, or cruive not making such fish pass within the time above mentioned, his right of fishing or using such fishing mill dam, box, crib, or cruive for the purpose of taking fish shall henceforth cease, and be for ever forfeited and lost, and the board of conservators for the district in which such fishing mill dam, box, crib, or cruive is situated shall [thereupon give notice to such owner to remove all or any cages, cribs, traps, boxes, cruives, or other contrivances for catching salmon within six calendar months after the service of such notice; and in the event of his non-compliance with such notice, the board aforesaid shall have power to remove the same and all other obstructions to the free passage of the fish.

52. In all cases where any fish pass has been already Secretary of constructed in any weir, dam, or fishing mill dam, and has State ma7 ?P" received the approval of the Secretary of State, such fish pass fishVpa^.1Dg shall be deemed to be a fish pass within the meaning of " The

Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873," notwithstanding such fish pass was not constructed in the manner and by the parties specified in " The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873."

And it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State to approve and certify any fish pass that now is or hereafter shall be constructed, if he is of opinion that such fish pass is efficient in all respects and for all purposes, as if the same had been constructed under the provisions of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861," with the written consent and approbation of the Secretary of State.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

Amendment of sections 23, 24, and 26 of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861."

Compensation to be paid on erecting fish passes or gratings.

Provision as to Severn Navigation weirs.

53. The following sections of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861," shall be respectively amended in the following manner; (that is to say,)

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth sections thereof shall be read as if the words " or a board of conservators " were inserted after the words " proprietor of a fishery " or " proprietor " throughout such sections respectively:

The twenty-sixth section thereof shall be construed as if the words "where a fish pass is attached to any dam in " pursuance of this Act" were omitted, and the words " any dam " were substituted for the words " the dam," and the words "on Sundays and" were inserted after the words " kept shut," and the words " if any or over the dam " were inserted after the words " fish pass"

54. In all cases in which it is alleged that a board of conservators, in executing the powers and authorities of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873, have caused any damage to or injuriously affected any land or other hereditaments by reason of the making or maintaining of any fish pass, grating, or other work, if the compensation claimed in respect of such alleged damage shall not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, the same shall be settled by two justices of the peace, but if the compensation shall exceed the sum of fifty pounds the same shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Common Law Procedure Act, 1854: Provided always, that no compensation shall be recovered under this section unless proceedings for the recovery of the same are instituted within two years from the date of the erection of such fish pass, grating, or other work.

55. Whereas it is expedient that the dams or weirs which have been constructed by the Severn Commissioners under the provisions of "The Severn Navigation Acts, 1842 and 1853," should be placed under the same general law as is applicable to dams or weirs under "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873Be it therefore enacted, that sections one hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred and fifty-nine, and one hundred and sixty of "The Severn Navigation Act, 1842," and so much of section three of "The Severn Navigation Act, 1853," as extends their operation to the Tewkesbury Weir therein mentioned; be hereby repealed, and that each of the dams or weirs constructed by the Severn Commissioners under the provisions of "The Severn Navigation Acts, 1842 and 1853," respectively, or either of them, shall be deemed a dam or weir within the meaning of "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873," and the provisions of the said Acts shall apply thereto, and that every fish pass now existing in the said dams or weirs or either of them, or which may be constructed therein under the provisions of this Act, shall be deemed a fish pass within the meaning of "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to

1873. Salmon Fishery. Ch. 71. 397

1873," and shall be maintained in an efficient state by the said Severn Commissioners.

56. Any inspector, or any person or persons duly appointed Power to enter in writing by a board of conservators, may at all times

enter upon 'any lands to inspect any weir, dam, fishing weir, &c. ' fishing mill dam, fixed engine, obstruction, mill race, or watercourse, and any person either refusing to admit or obstructing them or any of them in entering any such place or places shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty of not exceeding five pounds.

57. In addition to the license duties authorised to be levied Board may

in a fishery district, the board of conservators may from time dutyforlpemp!-to time, with the sanction of the Secretary of State, for the nent improve-purpose of defraying the charges of any improvements made ments. or about to be made for the purpose of facilitating the passage of salmon, levy additional license duties throughout the district, not exceeding in any one year twenty-five per cent, of the sum paid by each person respectively, and the said additional duty shall be payable at the same time as and in addition to the ordinary license duty, and shall for all the purposes of the Salmon Fishery Acts be deemed part of the ordinary license duty, and no license granted after the passing of this Act without payment of such additional duty, if any, as well as the license duty applicable thereto, shall be valid: Provided that notice shall be given by the board, by advertisement in one or more local newspapers, one calendar month before the commencement of each fishing season, of the amount of such additional duty to be paid in addition to the ordinary license duties in force in each district. And the estimate on which such additional duty is founded shall be kept by the clerk or other officer of the board, and be open to the inspection of all previous license payers, riparian owners, and persons entitled to vote within the district, at reasonable times and places to be appointed by the board before the commencement of each fishing season.

Part IX. — Gratings to prevent Fish entering Watercourses.

58. Any board of conservators after due notice to the Gratings in owner or occupier of any mill or other premises, at the ex- watercourses, pense of such board during such period as may be prescribed

in each year, may order to be placed in any watercourse, mill race, cut, leat, or other channel for conveying water for any purpose from any river frequented by salmon at or near the point of divergence from and return to such river, or either of them, or in any. other suitable place, a grating of such form and dimensions as they shall determine: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect the liability [Aro. 34. Price 2d.] L 1

398

Ch. 71.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

Power to widen channels.

Board may place gratings at mouths of streams.

Owner to preserve gratings.

Recovery of penalties.

of any person to place and maintain a grating or gratings across any artificial channel under the provisions of the thirteenth section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, nor shall authorise any grating to be placed so as to obstruct any channel used for navigation or in any way to interfere with the effective working of any mill.

59. In all cases of construction of gratings under the powers of this Act, the Secretary of State may, in such cases as he shall deem expedient, cause any watercourse, mill race, cut, leat, or other channel to be widened at the expense of such board, so far as necessary to compensate for the diminution of any flow of water caused by the erection of any grating, or shall take some other means to prevent the flow of water being prejudicially diminished or otherwise injured.

00. A board of conservators, with the consent of the Secretary of State, may adopt such means as he shall approve for preventing the ingress of salmon into streams in which they or their spawning beds are, from the nature of the channel, liable to be destroyed, but so that no water rights used or enjoyed for the purposes of manufacture, or agricultural purposes, or drainage or navigation, shall be prejudicially interfered with thereby.

61. The owner or occupier of the lands adjoining any grating erected under the authority of this Act, and the owner or occupier of the lands to which such watercourse, mill race, cut, leat, or other channel leads, shall take all reasonable means to preserve the said gratings from injury, and to prevent the same from being removed, and in case any owner, occupier, or other person shall injure such gratings, or remove any part of them, during the period prescribed for any such grating to be kept up by any byelaw made under the authority of this Act, or open them improperly, or knowingly permit them to be injured or removed or improperly opened, he shall for every such injury, removal, or improper opening, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds.

Part X. — Legal Procedure.

02. All penalties imposed by Ci The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873/' or by any byelaw made in pursuance of this Act, and all sums of money, costs, and expenses by the said Acts or either of them directed to be recovered in a summary manner, may be recovered within six months after the commission of the offence before two justices, in manner directed by an Act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of the " duties of Justices of the Peace out of sessions within England

1873. Salmon Fishery. Cm 71. 399

" and Wales, with respect to summary conviction and orders," or of any Act amending the same. And all moneys received and penalties recovered under the said Acts or any of them on the complaint of a board of conservators, or of any officer of or a person authorised by a board of conservators, shall be paid to the board of conservators for the district, to be applied by them for the purposes of "The Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873 " (unless the court for some special reason otherwise order).

63. The clerk, secretary, or other officer where there is no Returns, clerk, of every board of conservators shall prepare and forward

to the Home Office, before such date as the Secretary of State shall from time to time appoint, an annual return in such form and made up to such date as the Secretary of State shall from time to time appoint. Such return shall contain such information as the said Secretary of State shall from time to time require; and any such person refusing or neglecting to make such return shall be liable to a penalty of not exceeding one pound for every such refusal or neglect.

64. The provisions of the "Documentary Evidence Act, Proof of le-1868," shall apply to a scale of licenses approved by the Secre- of scale tary of State, in pursuance of the said " Salmon Fishery Act, 0 lcenses* 1865," or this Act, in the same manner as if such scale so approved as aforesaid were an order or regulation issued by

such Secretary of State, and the production of a copy of such scale of licenses, purporting to be certified to be a correct copy of such scale, by any person empowered to certify the same in pursuance of the " Documentary Evidence Act," shall be evidence that such scale has been approved of, and that all the steps required by " The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865," or this Act, relating to the formation and approval of such scale have been taken.

65. The eighteenth, nineteenth, and thirty-fifth sections of Repeal of Acts, the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, and the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-fourth, twenty-sixth, and thirtieth sections, the first

and second sub-sections of the thirty-fourth section, and the first schedule of the Salmon Fishery fAct, 1865, are hereby repealed, except so far as relates to anything done or in the course of being completed under the same respectively.

LI 2

400

Ch. 71.

Salmon Fishery.

36 & 37 Vict.

SCHEDULES,

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form of Nomination Paper.

__________Fishery District.

I the undersigned__________of __________

do hereby nominate [A.B. of__________in the county of

__________Esquire, C.D. of__________in the county

of__________fisherman] for election as additional members of

the board of conservators of the __________Fishery

District under the provisions of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1873."

(Signed) __________

To __________

Returning officer for such election.

Dated this __________day of __________187__

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Voting Paper. __________Fishery District.

Number of Voting Paper. Name and Address of Voter. Number of Votes.

Directions to the Voter.

The voter must write his initials against the name of every person for whom he votes, and insert the number of votes he intends to give to each candidate voted for, and must sign this paper in the presence of, and it must be attested by, a witness.

If the voter cannot write he must affix his mark, but such mark must be attested by a witness, and such witness must write the initials

1873. Salmon Fishery. Ch. 71. 401

of the voter against the name of every person for whom the voter intends to vote, and the number of votes given to each such person.

Initials of Witness. Initials of the Voter against the Names of the Persons for whom he intends to vote. Names of the Persons nominated. Residence of the Persons nominated. Quality or calling of the Persons nominated. Number of Votes given to each Candidate voted for.

I vote for the persons in the above list against whose name my initials are placed in the proportion above mentioned.

(Signed)__________

Mark of__________

Dated the__________day of__________ 187_.

Name and address of witness.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

License Duties.

For each and every — £ $. d.

Weir, hang, baulk, garth, goryd, box, crib, or cruive 12 0 0

Draft or hang net, not exceeding 200 yards in

length measured along the head-rope when wet 5 0 0

Ditto, exceeding 200 yards, for every additional

40 yards or part thereof - 1 0 0

Coracle net - - - 250

Putt - -036

Outrigger or leader to putts and putchers, not exceeding 100 yards in length - - 2 0 0

Ditto, exceeding 100 yards, for every additional

20 yards or part thereof - 1 0 0

Cross line - - -2 10 0

Single rod and line - 1 10 0

For putchers or butts, if not exceeding 50 in number - 1 10 6

For every additional 50 or part thereof - - 1 10 6

For any instrument or device not named above, such sum as may be determined by the board of conservators, with the sanction of the Secretary of State.

LI 3

L.

402

Ch. 72.

Defence Acte Amendment 36 & 37 Vict.

CHAPTER 72.

An Act for the Amendment of the Defence Acts, 1842 and 1860.

[6th August 1873.]

WHEREAS the power vested in Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department of selling lands purchased by him under the Defence Acts, 1842 and 1860, or one of such Acts, might be exercised beneficially to the public service if certain of such lands could be sold with a condition thereto attached to the effect that they should . for ever be kept free from buildings and other obstructions:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Tower of the 1. Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Stete fo7war Department may, from time to time as he may deem it expedient, to sell lands, sell any lands vested in him or under his control as such subject to con- Secretary of State as aforesaid, subject to the condition that do^motT' suc^ lan(k are for ever thereafter to be kept free from buildings structions, and and other obstructions.

to purchase the Where any lands are sold subject to such condition as lands to such Ct aforesaid, the following consequences shall ensue: condition. Such condition as aforesaid shall be deemed to attach for

ever to any lands so sold, and no building or other structure, other than barns, hovels, or other like structures of wood, shall at any time be made or erected on any lands subject to such condition as aforesaid:

The said Secretary of State may at all times, by himself, his officers, agents, servants, and workmen, or any of them, and without payment of any compensation whatever, enter upon any lands subject to such condition as aforesaid, and pull down any present or future buildings or structures (other than as aforesaid) thereon, and cut down or grub up all or any of the trees thereon, and remove or alter all or any of the banks, fences, hedges, and ditches thereon, and make underground or other drains therein, and generally level and clear the said lands, and do all such acts for levelling and clearing the same as may be deemed necessary or proper by the said Secretary of State, but in such manner, nevertheless, that evidence of the boundaries of the lands held by different owners may be preserved:

It shall not be lawful for any person to alter the level of the said lands, or do any act which may prejudicially affect any work done on the said lands under the authority of the said Secretary of State:

The said Secretary of State may at any time, if he think it expedient so to do, suspend the operation of, or extinguish any

403

1873. Defence Acts Amendment Ch. 72, 73.

such condition as aforesaid when attached to land in pursuance of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Defence Short title of Acts Amendment Act, 1873/' and shall be construed as having Act# incorporated therewith the Defence Acts, 1842 and 1860, so far as they are applicable.

CHAPTER 73.

An Act to amend so much of section four of the Public Health Act, 1872, as relates to the Cambridge Commissioners.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS by the Public Health Act, 1872, it wasen- 35 & 36 Vict " acted that the Cambridge Commissioners, described in c*79' 4* section thirty-one of the Public Health Act, 1848, should not exercise any fresh powers of rating or borrowing conferred upon them by the said Public Health Act, 1872, until the expiration of one year after the passing thereof, unless with the assent of the university, first specified in writing under the hand of the vice-chancellor, and with the assent of the town council of Cambridge:

And whereas the relations between the said university of Cambridge and the said town council of Cambridge and the said Cambridge Commissioners are still under discussion, and terms of settlement have been proposed for consideration:

And whereas the powers of rating and the rating within the said university and borough are proposed to be varied:

And whereas in order to afford time for settling the questions affecting such rating it is advisable to postpone for a further limited period the exercise of the powers of rating and borrowing conferred by the said Public Health Act, 1872:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said Cambridge Commissioners shall not exercise Limiting power any fresh powers of rating or borrowing conferred upon them comr^sToners by the Public Health Acts until the expiration of one year as to rating or from the passing hereof, unless with the assent of the said borrowing, university, first specified in writing under the hand of the vice-chancellor, and with the assent of the town council of Cambridge.

404

Ch. 74.

Constabulary Force (Ireland). 36 & 37 Vict.

CHAPTER 74.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Irish Constabulary.

[5th August 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Power to Lord L Notwithstanding the limitations contained iD the enact-iUrev^*° mente specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, it shall be MUarieii for con- lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to fix and appoint such revised tabuiary force, annual salaries for certain of the members of the Royal Irish Constabulary Force as to him may seem proper, not exceeding the several sums herein-after specified, to be paid in such manner and subject to such regulations and provisions as he may direct, to the several persons herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

1. To the three assistant inspectors-general, one being styled commandant of the depfit, and to the surgeon of the force, an addition to their respective salaries of one hundred pounds per annum each:

2. To the inspector of constabulary for the town of Belfast, an addition to his salary of one hundred and fifty pounds:

3. To each county inspector of the first class, an annual salary not exceeding three hundred and fifty pounds:

4. To each county inspector of the second class, an annual salary not exceeding three hundred pounds:

5. To each sub-inspector of the first class, an annual salary not exceeding two hundred and twenty-five pounds:

6. To each sub-inspector of the second class, an annual salary not exceeding one hundred and sixty-five pounds:

7. To the head constable major, an annual salary not exceeding one hundred and four pounds:

8. To each head constable of the first class, an annual salary not exceeding ninety-one pounds:

9. To twelve head constables of the first class, of long service or superior merit, but ineligible for further promotion, an addition to their respective salaries of ten pounds per annum each:

10. To each head constable of the second class, an annual salary not exceeding eighty-three pounds four shillings:

11. To twelve head constables of the second class, of long service or superior merit, but ineligible for further promotion, an addition of ten pounds per annum:

12. To each constable, an annual salary not exceeding seventy-two pounds sixteen shillings:

1873. Constabulary Force (Ireland). Ch. 74. 405

13. To sixty constables, of long service or superior merit, but

ineligible for promotion, an addition of four pounds per annum $ach:

14. To each acting constable, an annual salary not exceeding

sixty-seven pounds twelve shillings:

15. To each sub-constable of twenty years service and up-

wards, an annual salary of sixty-two pounds eight shillings:

16. To each sub-constable of fourteen years and under twenty

years service, an annual salary of fifty-nine pounds sixteen shillings:

17. To each sub-constable of eight years and under fourteen

years service, an annual salary of fifty-seven pounds four shillings:

18. To each sub-constable of four years and under eight years

service, an annual salary not exceeding fifty-four pounds twelve shillings:

19. To each sub-constable of six months and under four

years service, an annual salary not exceeding fifty-two pounds:

20. To each sub-constable of less than six months service, a

salary at a rate not exceeding thirty-nine pounds per annum.

Such increased salaries to take effect from and after the first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and to continue to be paid until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and to be in addition to the good service pay at present authorised, viz., to five county inspectors, fifty pounds per annum each; to six subinspectors of the first class, thirty pounds per annum each; and to twenty-three sub-inspectors, whether of the second or third class, twelve pounds per annum each; such increased salaries to be payable to such persons only as had not ceased to be members of the constabulary force before the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

2. The term "Lord Lieutenant" in this Act shall mean the Definition of

Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of " Lord Liei*-T^lor^ 6 tenant."

SCHEDULE.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 13. s. 29. I 29 & 30 Vict. c. 103. s. 2.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 22. s. 5. | 33 & 34 Vict. c. 83. s. 12.

406

Expiring Laws Continuance. 36 & 37 Vict.

Ch. 75.

[Short title.]

Continuance of Acts in schedule.

CHAPTER 75.

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act are, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, limited to expire at the times specified in respect thereof in column four of the said schedule:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance in this Act mentioned of such Acts, and of the enactments amending the same:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1873.

2. The Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, shall, to the extent in column two of the said schedule mentioned, be continued until the times respectively specified in column five of the said schedule, and any enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner.

SCHEDULE.

1. 2. 3. 4. 5.

Original Acts. How far continued. Amending Acts. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. Continued until

(1) 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. - The whole Act 3 & 4 Vict. 13th August 1873, and end 13th August 1874,

Linen, Hempen, Cot- so far as it is c. 91. of then next session. and end of then

ton, and other Manu- not repealed. 5 & 6 Vict (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) next session.

factures (Ireland). c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict.

c. 60.

o (2)

2 & 8 Vict. c. 74. The whole Act 11 & 12 Vict. 7 th of July 1872, and end 7th July 1874, and

Societies, Unlawful c. 89. of then next session. end of then next

(Ireland). (34 & 35 Vict. c. 95.) session.

. w

3 & 4 Vict c. 89. The whole Act - 1st October 1873, and end 1st October 1874

Poor Rates, Stock in of then next session. and end of then

Trade Exemption. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) next session.

Ch. 75.

407

1. 2. 3. 4. 5.

Original Acts. How far continued. Amending Acts. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. Continued until

00 4 & 5 Vict. c. 80. Survey of Great Britain. (5) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. Copyhold Inclosure and Tithe Commissioners. («) 4 & 5 Vict c. 59. Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. The whole Act 33 & 34 Vict. C. 13. 31st December 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 31st December 1874, and end of then next session.

So much as relates to the appointment of and the period for holding office by Commissioners and other officers. 14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. 25 & 26 Vict C. 73. 1st of August 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 86 Vict c. 88.) 1st August 1874, and end of then next session.

The whole Act 1st October 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 1 st 'October 1874, and end of then next session.

5 & 6 Vict(e?i28. Lunatic Asylums (Ireland). The whole Act 34 & 35 Vict. C. 22. 1st August 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 1st August 1874, and end of then next session.

(8) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 82. -Landed Property Improvement (Ireland). (9) 10 & 11 Vict c. 98. -Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to powers of commissioners. 12 & 18 Vict. c. 59. 13 & 14 Vict c. 31. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. 29 & 30 Vict C. 40. 1st September 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 1st September 1874, and end of then next session.

As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. 1st August 18 73, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 1st August 1874, and end of then next session.

(10) 11 & 12 Vict c. 82. -County Cess (Ireland). The whole Act 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7. 1st August 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 1st August 1874, and end of then next session.

OO 11 & 12 Vict c. 107. -Sheep and Cattle Diseases. (12) 14 & 15 Vict c. 104. -Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management T e whole Act as to Ireland. 16 & 17 Vict c. 62. 29 & 30 Vict C. 4. 83 & 34 Vict c. 36. 2Oth August 1878, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 20th August 1874, and end of then next session.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 17 & 18 Vict c. 116. 22 & 23 Vict c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict c. 124. 31 & 82 Vict C. 114. S.10. 1st January 1874, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 1st October 1874, and end of then next session.

1. 2. 3. 4. 5.

Original Acts. How far continued. Amending Acts. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. Continued until

(13) 17 & 16 Vict. c. 102. -Corrupt Practices Prevention. (14) 19 & 20 Vict c. 36. Preservation of the Peace (Ireland). The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 87. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. 31 & 32 Vict c. 125. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7. 28 & 29 Vict C. 118. 8th June 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 1st July 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 8th June 1874, and end of then next session. 1st July 1874, and end of then next session.

(15) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland). (16) 24 & 25 Vict c. 109. -Salmon Fishery (England) Act. The whole Act - 15 th September 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict C. 88.) 15th September 1874, and end of then next session.

As to appointment of inspectors, s.31. - 1st October 1873, and end of then next session. (85 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 1st October 1874, and end of then next session.

(17) 25 & 26 Vict c. 97. -Salmon Fisheries (Scotland). As to the powers of commissioners, &c. 26 & 27 Vict. c. 50. 27 & 28 Vict c. 118. 1st October 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 1st October 1874, and end of then next session.

(18) 26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. -Promissory Notes. (19) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 9. Malt for Animals. (20) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. -Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland). The whole Act - 28th July 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 28th July 1874, and end of then next session.

The whole Act - 28th April 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 28th August 1874. and end of then next session.

The whole Act 13th May 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 13th May 1874. and end of then next session.

(21) 27 & 2S Vict c. 92. -Public Schools. (22) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension. The whole Act - 1st August 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 1st August 1874. and end of then next session.

The whole Act ' ' ' 1st October 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 1st October 1874. and end of then next session.

(23) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 66. -Charging of Malt Duty by Weight. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 64. 29th June 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 29th June 1874. and end of then next session.

(24) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. -Locomotives on Roads. The whole Act 1 - 1st September 1873, and end of then next session, j (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 1 st September 1874, and end of then next session.

Ch. 75.

409

1. Original Acts, 2. How for continued. 3. Amending Acts. 4. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. 5. Continued until

(25) 29 & 30 Vict c. 52. Prosecution Expenses. The whole Act . 23d July 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict. c. 88.) 23d July 1874, and end of then next session.

(26) 80 & 81 Vict c. 36. Chester Courts. (27) 30 & 31 Vict c. 126. -Railway Companies (Scotland). Sections one, two, and three. As to protection of rolling stock, 8. 4. 15th July 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 86 Vict c. 88.) 1st September 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 86 Vict c. 88.) 15th July 1874, and end of then next session. lst Septemberl874.

(28) 80 & 31 Vict c. 127. -Railway Companies. (29) 30 & 31 Vict c. 141. -Master and Servant As to protection of rolling stock, 8. 4. The whole Act - 1st September 1873, and end of then next session. (85 & 86 Vict. c. 88.) 20th August 1878, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 1st Sept ember 1874. 20th August 1874, and end of then next session.

(30) 31 & 32 Vict c. 32. -Endowed Schools. (81) 81 & 32 Vict c. 76. Militia Pay. The whole Act - 1st August 1878, and end of then next session. (85 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 1st August 1874, and end of then next session.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 32 & 83 Vict. c. 66. 31st July 1878 inclusive (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 31st July 1874 inclusive.

(32) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. -Election Petitions and Corrupt Practices. The whole Act - 31st July 1873, and end of then next session. (85 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 31st July 1874, and end of then session.

(S3) 32 & 38 Vict. c. 21. -Election Commissioners Expenses. The whole Act 84 & 35 Vict. c. 61. 24th June 1873, and end of then next session. (35 & 86 Vict c. 88.) 24th June 1874, and end of then next session.

(34) 34 & 35 Vict c. 87. -Sunday Observance Prosecutions. The whole Act - 1st September 1878, and end of then next session. (35 & 36 Vict c. 88.) 1st September 1874, and end of then next session.

(35) 34 & 35 Vict c. 105. -Petroleum. The whole Act - 1st October 1878, and end of then next session. 1st October 1874, and end of then next session.

410

Ch. 76.

Railway Regulations. 36 & 37 Vict.

Definition of Railway Regulation Acts.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55.

CHAPTER 76.

An Act to make further Provision for the Regulation of Railways.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further provision with respect to the regulation of railways:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Acts herein-after mentioned may be cited for all - purposes by the short titles following; that is to say.

The Act of the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-seven, and intituled An Act for Regulating Railways," by the short title of "The Railway Regulation Act, 1840 The Act of the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-five, and intituled An Act for the better regulation of railways " and for the conveyance of troops," by the short title of "The Railway Regulation Act, 1842 This Act by the short title of The Railway Regulation Act (Returns of Signal Arrangements, Working, &c.), 1873:"

This Act shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, be construed as one with the above-mentioned Acts, and the said Acts, together with this Act, may be cited for all purposes as uThe Railway Regulation Acts, 1840, 1842, 1873."

Definition of Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

2. The expression "Summary Jurisdiction Acts" means — In England, the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the " performance of the duties of justices of the peace out " of sessions within England and Wales with respect " to summary convictions and orders," and any Act passed or to be passed amending the same:

In Scotland, The Summary Procedure Act, 1864, and any Act passed or to be passed amending the same:

In Ireland, The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and in Dublin the Acts regulating the powers of justices of the peace, or of the police of Dublin metropolis, and any Act passed or to be passed amending the said Acts or any of them.

Definition of 3. The Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Board of Trade. Council appointed for Trade and Foreign Plantations are in this Act referred to as " the Board of Trade."

Railway Regulations.

Ch. 76.

411

4. Every railway company shall, on or before the fifteenth Returns to be day of February in every year, make a full and true return Board of^-ade to the Board of Trade of the matters and in the forms specified by railway

in the first and second schedules annexed to this Act, and companies, the notes annexed to such schedules shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they were enactments contained in the body thereof.

If any railway company makes default in making any return required by this Act, it shall incur a penalty not exceeding five pounds for every day during which such default continues, such penalty to be recovered in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, upon the complaint of any officer of the Board of Trade: Provided that the Board of Trade may in any case dispense with such return or any part thereof where they deem the same inapplicable.

5. Every coroner in England and Ireland within seven Returns by days after holding an inquest on the body of any person who coroners* is proved to have been killed on a railway, or to have died

in consequence of injuries received on a railway, and in Scotland every procurator fiscal within the like time and in like cases, shall make to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in such form as he may require, a return of the death and the cause thereof.

6. Where any inspecting officer of the Board of Trade has Amendment of reported to that Board, in pursuance of the sixth section of

the Railway Regulation Act, 1842, that the opening of any lation Act, railway or portion of a railway would in his opinion be 1842. attended with danger to the public using the same by reason of the incompleteness of the works or permanent way, or the insufficiency of the establishment for working such railway, together with the grounds of such opinion, and the Board of Trade have postponed the opening of such railway or portion of a railway in pursuance of such section for the period of one calendar month, it shall be lawful for the said Board, if it thinks fit, unless in the meantime it is stated by the Company to whom such railway belongs that all requisitions made by such inspecting officer upon his inspection of such railway or portion of a milway as being necessary for the safety of the public have been complied with, to direct the postponement of the opening of such railway or portion of a railway for a further period not exceeding one month without going to the expense of directing a further inspection to be made by the officer, and so on from time to time until the requisitions made by such officer have been complied with, or the said Board is otherwise satisfied that such railway or portion of a railway can be opened with safety to the public.

Ch. 76.

Railway Regulations.

36 & 37 Vict.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Name of Railway. Number of cases in which any Passenger Line is connected with or crossed on the level by: — Number of cases in which the usual requirements of the Inspecting Officers of the Board of Trade have or have not been complied with in the following respects: Remarks.

Any other Passenger Line. Any Goods Line. Any Siding. Any crossover Road. Concentration of Signal and Point Levers. Interlocking of Signal and Point Levers. Addition of Safety Points in case of Goods Lines and Sidings.

Have Have not Have Have not Have Have not

I Main Line. I a b 0 d e / 0 h ft I

1 r S3

NOTES. — a and b. — A single or double junction, or a single or double crossing on the level, to be considered as one case. On single lines of Railway each connection with a portion of double line at loops, terminal stations, or junctions to be stated.

c. — Each individual instance of a siding joining a passenger line, whether at a station or

elsewhere, not included in a or 6, and each instance of connection between such siding and such passenger line, to be enumerated.

d. — Each crossover road, not included under c, connecting any two lines, to be considered

one case.

e & f — These numbers to represent the proportion of connections or crossings enumerated under a, A, c, d, the levers for working signals or points in connection with which have or have not been concentrated. g & h. — These numbers to represent the proportions of connections or crossings enumerated under a, b, c, d, the levers for working signals and points in connection with which have or have not been interlocked. k & /. — All cases in which safety points have or have not bedn applied to goods lines or goods sidings joining passenger lines, and enumerated under b and c, to be here stated.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

o

o

c§

FT

Railway

Com-

pany.

k

3

eo

Total Length of the Company's Railway openjbr

paSSZ%S*e-

other Railways open for panm^ger traffic

which are worked by them.

Consisting of two or more lines of rails.

Consisting of a single line of rails only.

m. ch.

Portions of the Company's Railways, or of other Railways worked by them.

(Where the system is not continuous, enter separately one under the other, under the head applicable, each main line or portion of main line or branch line so worked).

Worked by Telegraph.

On the Absolute Block System.

m. oh.

IFrom to

Dis-

tance

of

Double

Line.

Distance

of

Single Line worked by the Absolute Block System in addition to the Train Staff System.

m. ch.

oh.

On the Permissive Block System.

From to

Distance

of

Double

Line.

Worked by the Electric Telegraph, but not on either of the Aforegoing systems.

m. ch. From to

Dis-

tance

of

Double

Line.

Distance

of

Single Line worked by the Electric Telegraph in addition to the Train Staff System.

m. ch.

ch.

Single Lines of Railway (not included in the foregoing columns), (1.) Worked under the system in which only one engine in steam or two or more engines oouplod together are allowed to be upon the single line or portions thereof at one and the same time; or (2.) Worked under the Train Porter system: or (3.) Worked under the Train Staff system.

System as above

>18-

tanoe.

From to

Train

Porter

System.

fa.)

Dis-

tance.

m. ch.

Train

8taff

System.

tance.

m. ch.

m. ch.

Remarks.

Hi

m. ch.

1873. Railway Regulations. Ch. 76. 413

Ch. 77. Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. 36 & 37 Vict.

Power to the Crown to accept services through Admiralty.

Power to the Admiralty to form a permanent Btaff.

Quitting of corps by petty officers of permanent staff.

CHAPTER 77.

An Act to provide for the establishment of a Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force.

[5th August 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Organization of Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer

Force.

Acceptance of Service.

L It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, through the Admiralty, to accept the services of any persons desiring to be formed under this Act into a Royal naval artillery volunteer corps, and offering their services to Her Majesty through the Admiralty.

On such acceptance the proposed corps shall be deemed lawfully formed under this Act.

Permanent Staff.

2. The Admiralty may from time to time constitute for any naval artillery volunteer corps a permanent staff, consisting of a naval officer, and of so many seamen instructors as may seem fit, or of such an officer, or of such seamen instructors, alone.

For the purposes of this Act, but subject to any other provisions made by regulations of the Admiralty under this Act, all such officers shall be deemed officers of the respective corps, and all such seamen instructors shall be deemed to belong to the respective corps, on the permanent Btaff* whereof they serve, and shall be deemed respectively officers and petty officers of the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff; but nothing in this Act shall be taken to exempt any officer or petty officer of the permanent staff of a naval artillery volunteer corps from being subject (if it be so directed by regulations of the Admiralty) to the orders of the officers of the corps, according to such regulations, and subject thereto according to their rank and the laws and usages of Her Majesty's navy.

3. Any petty officer of the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff who enters into any engagement which in the opinion of the Admiralty is inconsistent with his duties as

1873.

415

Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. Ch. 77%

such petty officer, shall be deemed to have quitted the corps; and any petty officer of the said permanent staff who quits a corps shall deliver up in good order, fair wear and tear only excepted, all arms, clothing, and appointments issued to him as a petty officer of such permanent staff; and the Admiralty may, if it seem fit, cause him to be put under stoppages of any money payable to him by or through the Admiralty until he has repaid the value of any such arms, clothing, or appointments not so delivered up.

Officers and Volunteers.

4. The officers of a naval artillery volunteer corps shall be Officers com* commissioned by the Admiralty, and such commission shall missioned by not be deemed vacated by the revocation, expiration, or dis- m ty* continuance of the letters patent by which the Admiralty

issuing the same were appointed.

5. Officers of the naval artillery volunteer force shall have Rank of the same rank with respect to officers of the Royal navy as officers* officers of the Royal naval reserve, and shall rank with officers

of the Royal naval reserve as the youngest of their respective ranks.

Officers of the naval artillery volunteer force, when not on As to command actual service, shall not be entitled to exercise any command o^e^over over any officers or men of the Royal navy or marines, or other forces. Royal naval volunteers, and when on actual service shall not be entitled to exercise any such command otherwise than as may be from time to time provided by regulation.

6. The acceptance of a commission in the naval artillery ^B^°^e^)ers

volunteer force by a member of the Commons House of Par- Commons^c-

liament shall not render his seat vacant cepting commissions.

7. Any volunteer may, except when on actual service, quit power for

his corps on complying with the following conditions; volunteer to namely, — Qait hi^?rps

(l.)T giving to the commanding officer of his corps fourteen herein-stated, days notice in writing of his intention to quit the corps;

(2.) delivering up in good order, fair wear and tear only excepted, all arms, clothing, and appointments, being public property or property of his corps, issued to him; and

(3.) paying all money due or becoming due by him, under the rules of his corps, either before or at the time or by reason of his quitting it: and thereupon he shall be struck out of the muster roll of the corps by the commanding officer.

If any volunteer gives such notice, and the commanding officer refuses to strike him out of the muster roll, and the

Cbl77. Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. 36 & 37 Vict.

volunteer considers himself aggrieved thereby, the volunteer may appeal to some court of summary jurisdiction for the place in which the head quarters of the corps are situate (not constituted of members of the corps), who shall hear and determine the appeal, and may, for the purposes thereof, administer oaths and examine any person as a witness; and if it appears to such court that the arms, clothing, and appointments issued to the volunteer, being public property or property of his corps, have been delivered up in good order (fair wear and tear only excepted), or that he has paid or is ready to pay sufficient compensation for any damage that such articles may have sustained, and that all money due or becoming due by him under the rules of his corps, either before or at the time of or by reason of his quitting it, has been paid, such court may order the commanding officer forthwith to strike such volunteer out of the muster roll of his corps, and their determination shall be binding on all persons.

As to discharge of volunteer taking service in militia or army.

8. If any volunteer enrols himself in the Royal navy or marines, or in the Royal naval volunteers, or as a volunteer or substitute in the militia, or is attested to serve on the permanent staff-thereof, or enlists in Her Majesty's army, he shall be deemed discharged from the naval artillery volunteer force, and the commanding officer of his corps shall strike him out of the muster roll thereof.

He shall, nevertheless, be liable to deliver up in good order, fair wear and tear only excepted, all arms, clothing, and appointments, being public property or property of his corps, issued to him, and to pay all money due or becoming due by him, under the rules of his corps, either before or at the time of or by reason of his discharge. If such arms, clothing, and appointments are not so delivered up by him, or such money is not paid by him, then, without prejudice to any proceeding or remedy against him under this Act, he may, under an order of the Admiralty, or one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as the case may be, if it seem fit, be put under stoppages out of any bounty or pay receivable by him, or both, until the value of such arms, clothing, or appointments not so delivered up, or such money (as the case may be), is fully paid.

General Command.

Volunteers to 9. Whenever any volunteers are on actual service, or are mand^fiSral undergoing drill, exercise, training, or inspection, or are officers, voluntarily doing any duty, they and their officers shall, subject to regulations under this Act, be under the command of the officers and petty officers of the Royal navy, so, nevertheless, that the volunteers shall, when the circumstances of the service admit, be led by their own officers and petty officers under such command.

Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. Ch. 77.

417

Inspection.

10. An annual inspection of every naval artillery volunteer Annual corps shall be held by some officer appointed by the Admiralty. ^P^011-

jEfficiency.

1L The Admiralty may from time to time, by regulations, Requisites of declare what is requisite to entitle a volunteer to be deemed be

an efficient volunteer, by defining for that purpose the extent Admiralty, of attendance at drill to be given by the volunteer, and the course of instruction to be gone through by him, and the degree of proficiency in drill and instruction to be attained by him and his corps, such proficiency to be judged of by the inspecting officer at the annual inspection of the corps, or otherwise, as from time to time provided by regulation.

Disbanding of Corps.

12. The Admiralty may disband or discontinue the services Power to the of any naval artillery volunteer corps, or any part thereof, whenever it seems to them expedient to do so.

Administrative Orga/nization.

13. Where two or more separate naval artillery volunteer Power to Ad-corps are formed by the authority of the Admiralty into a "iralty to ap-united body for naval or administrative purposes, herein-after {££ staffon* called a brigade, the Admiralty may from time to time conformation of stitute for such brigade a permanent staff, consisting of an bngade* officer, and of so many seamen instructors as may seem fit, or

of such an officer, or of such seamen instructors, alone.

For the purposes of this Act, but subject to any other provisions made by regulations of the Admiralty under this Act, all such officers shall be deemed officers of the respective brigades, and all such seamen instructors shall be deemed to belong to the respective brigades, on the permanent staff whereof they serve, but not to be officers of or to belong to any of the separate corps formed into those brigades, and shall be deemed respectively officers and petty officers of the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff; but nothing in this Act shall be taken to exempt any officer or petty officer of the permanent staff of such a brigade from being subject (if it be so directed by regulations of the Admiralty) to the orders of the officers of the brigade and of the separate corps formed into the same, according to such regulations, and subject thereto, according to their rank, and the laws and usages of the Royal navy.

The officers of every such brigade shall be commissioned by the Admiralty, and such commission shall not be deemed vacated by the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance of

418

Ch. 77. Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. 36 & 37 Vict.

the letters patent by which the Admiralty issuing the same were appointed *

Notwithstanding the formation of any such brigade, the separate corps formed into the same shall be severally deemed naval artillery volunteer corps for all the purposes of this Act.

Courts of Inquiry.

Court of in- 14. The Admiralty may at any time assemble a court of quiry to report inquiry to inquire into any matter relative to any naval raityCor the*" artillery volunteer corps or brigade, or to any officer or vo-commanding lunteer or any officer or petty officer of the permanent staff

officer. belonging thereto, and to record the facts and circumstances

ascertained on such inquiry, and, if required, to report on the same, for the information and assistance of the Admiralty;

such court, where the inquiry is with reference to an officer, to be composed of officers either of the Royal navy or of the

naval artillery volunteer force, or partly of officers of the

Royal navy, and partly of officers of the naval artillery volunteer force, and in oijier cases to be composed either of such officers as aforesaid, and of volunteers belonging to the corps or brigade, or of such officers, or of such volunteers.

The commanding officer of a naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade may at any time assemble a court of inquiry, composed either of officers and volunteers belonging to the corps or brigade, or of such officers, or of such volunteers, to inquire into any matter relative to the corps or brigade, or to any volunteer or petty officer of the permanent staff belonging thereto, and to record the facts and circumstances ascertained on such inquiry, and, if required, to report on the same, for the information and assistance of the commanding officer; but nothing herein shall authorise any inquiry with reference to an officer otherwise than by a court assembled by direction of the Admiralty, and composed exclusively of such officers as above provided in this section in the case of courts assembled by the Admiralty.

Regulations.

Power to Admiralty to make regulations for government of naval artillery volunteer force.

15. The Admiralty may from time to time make regulations respecting anything in this Act directed or authorised to* be done or provided by regulation, and also such regulations as may seem fit (not being inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Act) respecting —

the appointment, promotion, and rank of officers; and the assembling and proceedings of courts of inquiry to inquire into and report on any matter connected with the government or discipline of a naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade; and for the full execution of this Act, and the general government and discipline of the naval artillery volunteer force, and

419

may alter or repeal any such regulations; and may call for such returns as may from time to time seem requisite.

PART II.

Actual Service.

16. In case of actual or apprehended invasion of any part In case of in-of the United Kingdom, (the occasion being first communicated vasion, power to both Houses of Parliament if Parliament is sitting, or tocaUoat^ declared in Council and notified by proclamation if Parliament volunteers for is not sitting,) Her Majesty may direct the Admiralty to call actaal 8Crvice-out the naval artillery volunteer corps, or any of them, for

actual service.

Every officer and volunteer and every officer and petty officer of the permanent staff belonging to every corps so ealled out shall be bound to assemble at such place and embark on board such ships, and perform such service on board ship, or partly on board ship and partly on land, as may be directed by the Admiralty, but the Admiralty shall employ such officer (other than an officer of the permanent staff) and a volunteer only (unless he otherwise consent) in ships engaged in the defence of the coasts of the United Kingdom, Channel Islands, and Isle of Man, and on service in the seas adjacent.

Every such officer, volunteer, and petty officer from the time of his corps being so called out shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed on actual service. If any such officer, volunteer, or petty officer, not incapacitated by infirmity for service, refuses or neglects to so assemble or embark, he shall be deemed a deserter.

17. Whenever a naval artillery volunteer corps is called out Allowances to for actual service, the following provisions shall take effect volunteer corps

(1.) There shall be issued, in manner provided by regu- 80 cal1 out' lation, the sum of two guineas for the use of every officer and volunteer and officer and petty officer of the permanent staff belonging to and assembling with the corps (except such of them as do not desire to receive the benefit thereof) and each such sum, or so much thereof as the commanding officer of the corps thinks fit, shall be laid out under the direction of the commanding officer, in providing necessaries for each such officer, volunteer, and petty officer; and within one month after receipt thereof, an account shall be settled with each such officer, volunteer, and petty officer, respecting the application thereof, and any unapplied residue thereof shall be paid to him:

(2.) Such officers, volunteers, and petty officers shall be entitled to receive pay and to be victualled, and to allot a share of pay to their wives and families in

Ch. 77. Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. 36 <fe 37 Vict.

like manner as the officers, petty officers, and seamen of Her Majesty's navy respectively:

(3.) On the release of the corps from actual service there shall be paid in manner provided by regulation, one guinea to every such officer, volunteer, and petty officer present with the corps at the time of such release (except such of them as do not desire to receive the same) in addition to his pay.

As to release of 18. After a naval artillery volunteer corps has been called actuai^sen ice ou^or actual service, the corps shall be deemed released from actual service only by an order in writing sent from the Admiralty to the senior officer under whose command the corps is serving, to be delivered by such senior officer to the commanding officer of the corps; which order the Admiralty shall issue upon and as soon as may be after a proclamation of Her Majesty declaring the occasion to have passed, and not sooner or otherwise.

Before a naval artillery volunteer corps is released from actual service the corps shall be returned to the place in which its head quarters were situate at the time that it was called out.

Provision for 19. An officer of the naval artillery volunteer force disabled men^sabied on ac^ua^> ^roce shall be entitled to half pay, according to and for widows his rank; and the widow of such an officer killed on actual of officers service shall be entitled to the like pension for life as the kuied. widow of an officer of Her Majesty's navy.

A volunteer, or petty officer of the volunteer permanent staff disabled on actual service, shall, according to his rank, be entitled to the like pension and other benefits, if any, as a petty officer or seaman of Her Majesty's navy,

PART III. Discipline.

Officers and Volunteers.

As to discipline of nayal artillery volunteer force while not on actual service.

20. With respect tp tlje discipline of officers and volunteers and officers and petty officers of the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff while they are not on actual service, or undergoing drill, exercise, training, or inspection together with or voluntarily doing any duty together with Her Majesty's navy or marines, or Her Majesty's regular forces, or any part thereof, the following provisions shall take effect:

(1.) The commanding officer of a naval artillery volunteer corps may, subject to such appeal to the Admiralty as herein-after mentioned, discharge from the corps any volunteer, and strike him out of the muster roll, either for disobedience of orders by him while doing any duty with his corps, or for neglect of duty, o

1873.

Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. Ch. 77.

421

misconduct by him as a member of the corps — or for other sufficient cause — the existence and sufficiency of such causes respectively to be judged of by the commanding officer, or in c$se of appeal by the Admiralty:

(2.) The volunteer so discharged shall, nevertheless, be liable to deliver up in good order (fair wear and tear only excepted) all arms, clothing, and appointments, being public property or property of his corps, issued to him, and to pay all money due or becoming due by him, under the rules of his corps, either before or at the time or by reason of his discharge. Any volunteer who feels aggrieved by such discharge may appeal to the Admiralty within a reasonable time after such discharge, and the Admiralty may cancel or confirm such discharge, or give such other directions with reference thereto as to them may seem just and proper, and such order of the Admiralty shall be binding on all persons:

(3.) If any such officer, volunteer, or petty officer as aforesaid, while

(a.) He is on board any of Her Majesty's ships or on march or duty with the corps or brigade to which he belongs, or any portion thereof, or (6.) He is engaged in any exercise or drill with such corps or brigade, or any portion thereof, or (c.) He is wearing the clothing or accoutrements of such corps or brigade, and is going to or returning from any of Her Majesty's ships or any place of exercise, drill, or assembly of such corps or brigade, or is otherwise on duty, disobeys any lawful order of any officer under whose command he then is, or is guilty of misconduct, the officer then in command of the corps or brigade, or any superior officer under whose command the corps or brigade then is, may order the offender, if an officer, into arrest, and if not an officer, into the custody of any volunteer belonging to the corps or brigade, or of any petty officer of the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff:

Provided that the offender be not kept in such arrest or custody longer than during the time of the corps or brigade, or such portion thereof as aforesaid, then remaining on board any of Her Majesty's ships, or on march, or duty, or continuing engaged in any such exercise or drill as aforesaid, or otherwise on duty, and for the purposes of this provision any such officer or volunteer or petty officer while going to or returning from any of Her Majesty's ships or any place of exercise, drill, or assembly of his corps shall [No. 36. Frice 2d.] N n

be deemed to be on duty so long as he continues to wear the clothing or accoutrements of such corps or brigade:

(4.) Every such arrest shall be forthwith reported to the commanding officer of the corps, or such other officer as may be provided by regulation:

(5.) The Admiralty may, subject to regulations under this Act, remove from the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff any officer or petty officer of such staff for such reasons, and in such manner, and after such inquiry or trial as may be provided by the said regulations.

Actual Service.

As to discipline 21. With respect to the discipline of officers and volun-of naval artil- teers of the naval artillery volunteer force and officers and

Ifirv vnlnntppr *

force when on petty officers of the permanent staff thereof when they are on actual service, actual service, or are undergoing drill, exercise, training, or inspection together with or voluntarily doing any duty together with Her Majesty's navy or marines, or Her Majesty's regular forces, or any part thereof, the following provisions shall take effect; namely, —

The Naval Discipline Act, 1866, and all the laws and customs for the time being in force for the government of Her Majesty's ships and the crews thereof when on actual service, shall extend to and apply to and in the case of all officers and volunteers of the naval artillery volunteer force and officers and petty officers of the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff, and those officers, volunteers, and petty officers shall be subject to the said Act, laws, and customs, and shall also be entitled to the benefits thereof, in all respects as the officers and seamen of Her Majesty's navy for the time being are, and as if the naval artillery volunteer force, including the permanent staff, belonged to and formed part of Her Majesty's navy, subject only to this variation, that a court-martial for the trial of an officer of the naval artillery volunteer force or volunteer or officer or petty officer of the permanent staff thereof shall be composed, partly at least, of officers of the naval artillery volunteer force.

PART IV.

Rules and Property of Corps.

Power for corps to make

22. The officers and volunteers belonging to a naval artillery volunteer corps may from time to time make rules for the tteappwwdmanagement of the property, finances, and civil affairs of the the Admiralty, corps, and may alter or repeal any such rules; but any such rules shall not have effect unless and until the commanding officer of the corps thinks fit to transmit the same to the Admiralty for their approval, and such approval is notified by

423

the Admiralty to the commanding officer of the corps, to be by him forthwith communicated to the corps; whereupon the rules so approved shall be binding on all persons.

A copy of the rules in print or writing, or partly in print and partly in writing, certified under the hand of the commanding officer as a true copy of the rules whereof such approval has been notified as aforesaid, shall be conclusive evidence of the rules of the corps.

23. All moneys subscribed by or to or for the use of a naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade, and all effects belonging to any such corps or brigade, or lawfully used by it, not being the property of any individual officer or volunteer or officer or petty officer of the permanent staff belonging to the corps or brigade, and the exclusive right to sue for and recover current subscriptions, arrears of subscriptions, and other money due to the corps or brigade, and all lands acquired by the corps or brigade, shall vest in the commanding officer of the corps or brigade for the time being, and his successors in office, with power for him and his successors to sue, to make contracts and conveyances, and to do all other lawful things relating thereto; and any civil or criminal proceeding taken by virtue of the present section by the commanding officer of a corps or brigade shall not be discontinued or abated by his death, resignation, or removal from office, but may be carried on by and in the name of his successor in office.

24. The commanding officer of a naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade, receiving any arms, ammunition, or other stores supplied at the public expense or by subscription, shall, subject to the approval of the Admiralty, appoint a proper storehouse for the depositing and safe keeping of such arms, ammunition, or stores.

25. If any person belonging or having belonged to a naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade neglects or refuses to pay any money subscribed or undertaken to be paid by him towards any of the funds or expenses of such corps or brigade, or due under the rules of such corps, and actually payable by him, or to pay any fine incurred by him under the rules of such corps, such money or fine shall (without prejudice to any other remedy) be recoverable from him, with costs, at any time within twelve months after the same becomes due and payable, as a penalty under this Act is recoverable, and when recovered shall be applied as part of the general fund of the corps or brigade.

Provided that the person ordered by the court of summary jurisdiction before whom such money or fine is recoverable to pay such money or fine shall not be imprisoned for default in payment thereof, or of any costs incurred in respect thereof, unless the court on making the order for imprisonment is

Nn 2

Vesting of property of corps in commanding officer ex officio.

Appointment of storehouses for arms.

Recovery of subscriptions or fines.

424

Ch. 77. Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. 36 & 37 Vict.

Wrongful sale, non-delivery, See. of public or corps property.

Wrongful buying of arms, &c. from volunteers.

Remedy for non-delivery of arms, &c. on demand.

satisfied that such person has or has had since the date of the order for payment the means to pay such money or fine and refuses or neglects or has refused or neglected to pay the same.

26. If any person designedly makes away with, sells, pawns, wrongfully destroys, wrongfully damages, or negligently loses any thing issued to him as a volunteer or petty officer of the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff, or wrongfully refuses or wrongfully neglects to deliver up, on demand, any thing issued to him as a volunteer or such petty officer, the value thereof shall be recoverable from him, with costs, as a penalty under this Act is recoverable; and he shall also, for every such offence of designedly making away with, selling, pawning, or wrongfully destroying as aforesaid, be liable, on the prosecution of the commanding officer of the corps or brigade issuing the thing made away with, sold, pawned, or destroyed, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

27. If any person knowingly buys or takes in exchange or pawn from any volunteer or petty officer of the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff, or any person acting on his behalf, or solicits or entices any such volunteer or petty officer to sell or pawn, or knowingly assists or acts for any such volunteer or petty officer in selling or pawning, or has in his possession or keeping, without satisfactorily accounting for, any arms, clothing, or appointments, being public property or property of any naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade, or any public stores or ammunition issued for the use of any such corps or brigade, he shall be liable for the first offence to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and for a second and every subsequent offence to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds or less than five pounds, with or without imprisonment for any term not exceeding six months, with or without hard labour.

On the prosecution of any person for any subsequent offence under this section, a copy of the conviction, certified by the proper officer of the court among the records of which the conviction is filed, or proved to be a true copy, shall be sufficient evidence to prove a conviction for the former offence, and such conviction shall be presumed not to have been quashed on appeal until the contrary is shown.

28. Where any person neglects or refuses, on demand made as herein-after mentioned, to deliver up any property (whether arms, clothing, appointments, ammunition, or public stores,) which is public property, or the property of a naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade, and has been issued to such person or is in his possession or keeping as an officer or volunteer, or an officer or petty officer of the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff, any court of summary jurisdiction may, upon reasonable ground being shown for a suspicion that the property is to be found on any premises, issue a warrant

425

empowering the person therein named to enter upon such premises and search for the property, and the person so empowered may enter and search accordingly, and shall seize such property, if found, and remove 'the same with all convenient speed to such place as may be directed by the Admiralty, person, or officer who made the demand.

Notwithstanding any such seizure and removal, the same penalty may be enforced against any person, and the value of any such property may be recovered from the person neglecting or refining as aforesaid, in the same manner as if such seizure and removal had not been made.

A demand may be made for the purposes of this section by the following persons; namely,

(1.) In any case by the Admiralty or any person authorised in writing by them:

(2.) In the case of a volunteer and petty officer of the permanent staff and an officer of inferior rank to the person making the demand, by the commanding officer or officer of the permanent staff of the naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade to which such property belongs, or to which such volunteer or officer belongs.

The demand may be made by the delivery of a written notice to the person upon whom the demand is made, or by leaving the same at his usual or last known place of abode, or if no such abode is known, by affixing the same at the orderly room or other room where the business is carried on of the corps or brigade to which he belongs or belonged, or at the place where notices relating to such corps or brigade are usually affixed.

29. If any person wilfully commits any damage to any butt or target belonging to or lawfully used by any naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade, or, without the leave of the commanding officer of the corps or brigade, searches for bullets in or otherwise disturbs the soil forming such butt or target, he shall for every such offence be liable, on the prosecution of the commanding officer, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

PART V.

Acquisition of Land for Ranges.

30. The provisions of part five of The Volunteer Act, 1863, intituled " Acquisition of Land for Ranges," as extended by section seventeen of The Regulation of the Forces Act, 1871, shall apply in like manner as if the said part and section were herein enacted, with the substitution of the Admiralty for one of Her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, and of naval artillery volunteer corps for volunteer corps.

Nn 3

As to wilful injury to butts or targets.

Power of naval artillery volunteer corps to acquire land for necessary purposes.

PART VI.

Exemptions.

Service in 31. Every officer of the naval artillery volunteer force, and

militia. every efficient volunteer, and every officer and petty officer of

the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff, shall be exempt from liability to serve personally or to provide a substitute in the militia of England or of Scotland.

In the case of a volunteer, such exemption shall cease on his ceasing to be enrolled in the corps in connexion with which he becomes entitled to be deemed efficient, unless he quits such corps on account of his changing his place of residence, in which case the exemption shall revive if within ten days after quitting such corps he is enrolled in another naval artillery volunteer corps.

The certificate of the commanding officer of a naval artillery volunteer corps (in the form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, with such variations as circumstances may require) certifying that the person named therein is a volunteer enrolled in that corps, and is exempt as aforesaid, shall be conclusive evidence thereof.

Penalty for 32. If any commanding officer of a naval artillery volunteer giving false corps or brigade knowingly gives any false certificate under

certificate. this Act, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty

not exceeding two hundred pounds, to be recovered in England by action in a superior court of law at Westminster, in Scotland by proceedings in the Court of Session, and in the Isle of Man by proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction, and to be applied to the use of Her Majesty.

Volunteers not 33. Notwithstanding anything in the rules of any friendly f° or benefit society, a person shall not lose any interest in the

benefitsocieties. society by reason of his enrolment or service in a naval artillery volunteer corps, or his engagement or service on the naval artillery volunteer permanent staff; and any dispute arising between such society and person by reason of such enrolment, engagement, or service shall be deemed a dispute directed by the rules of the society to be decided by justices of the peace, according to the Acts for the time being in force relative to friendly or benefit societies.

Dues and tolls. 34. Officers and volunteers of the naval artillery volunteer force, and officers and petty officers of the permanent staff belonging thereto, being on march or duty, or going to or returning from the ship or place appointed for, and on the day for drill, exercise, inspection, review, or other public duty, and being in uniform, and any horses, carts, waggons, carriages, vessels, barges, or boats conveying or returning from having conveyed only such officers, volunteers, or petty officers, so being on march or duty, or going, or returning as

1873. Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force.; Ch. 77.

427

aforesaid, or conveying, or returning from conveying only baggage or military stores of any naval artillery volunteer force, shall be entitled to the same exemption from dues, duties, or tolls leviable at any pier, wharf, quay, landing-place, or bridge to which any officer or seaman of Her Majesty's navy, or any horse, cart, waggon, or carriage conveying such officer or seaman, or conveying Her Majesty's naval stores, may respectively by law be entitled.

If any person demands or takes any duty or toll in contravention of the present section, or if any person makes any false representation respecting himself or any other person, or any animal, vessel, or thing, with intent to obtain for himself or otherwise, or fraudulently obtains for himself or otherwise, any exemption under the present section, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

i

PART VII.

Miscellaneous.

35. Any pecuniary penalty under this Act the mode of Summary recovery of which is not otherwise expressly provided for by recovery of this Act, and any money or fine by this Act made recoverable as a penalty under this Act is recoverable may be recovered as follows; namely, —

In England may be recovered in manner directed by The Summary Jurisdiction Acts; and

In Scotland may be recovered before the sheriff, and may be recovered under the provisions of The Summary Procedure Act, 1864, and all jurisdictions, powers, and authorities necessary for that purpose are hereby conferred on sheriffs; and

In the Isle of Man may be recovered in such courts, and in such manner as any Act having the force of law therein may from time to time provide, or if there is no such Act which applies, then in and before a court of summary jurisdiction, and in the manner in which the like offences, penalties, and payments may be prosecuted and recovered by the laws of the Isle of Man, or as near thereto as circumstances admit.

Provided that the court of summary jurisdiction in England, when hearing and determining an information or complaint, shall be constituted either of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions sitting at a place appointed for holding petty sessions, or of some magistrate or officer sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice, and for the time being empowered by law to do alone any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace.

All proceedings and matters under this Act which are to be taken or done before or in respect of which jurisdiction is

E'ven to a court of summary jurisdiction, shall be deemed to)matters on which that court has authority by law to make an order, in pursuance of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

General pro- 36. In any summary proceeding for the purposes of this visions as to a x__

summary

proceedings. (1.) The description of any offence under this Act in the words of such Act, or as near thereto as may be shall be sufficient in law:

(2.) Any exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualification, whether it does or not accompany the description of the offence in this Act, may be proved, by the defendant, but need not be specified or negatived in the information or complaint, and if so specified or negatived, no proof in relation to the matters so specified or negatived shall be required on the part of the informant or complainant:

(3.) A previous conviction need not be set out or specified in any information or complaint

Appeal against 37. Where the sum adjudged to be paid on a summary conviction. conviction or adjudication, inclusive of any costs, exceeds five pounds, or the imprisonment awarded exceeds one month, and the person who is convicted, or against whom the adjudication is made, feel aggrieved by such conviction or adjudication, he may appeal therefrom.

Regulations as 38. In England the conditions and regulations following

En^and1 apply 811 appeal under this Act:

g (1.) The appeal shall be made to the next court of general

or quarter sessions for the county or place in which the cause of appeal has arisen, holden not less than twenty-one days after the decision of the court from which the appeal is made:

(2.) The appellant shall, within ten days after the cause of appeal has arisen, give notice to the other party and to the court of summary jurisdiction of his intention to appeal, and of the ground thereof:

(3.) The appellant shall, within three days after such notice, enter into a recognizance before a justice of the peace, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned personally to try such appeal, and to abide the judgment of the court thereon, and to pay such costs as may be awarded by the court, or (if such appeal is against a decision whereby only a sum of money is adjudged to be paid) give such other security, by deposit of money with the clerk of the court of summary jurisdiction or otherwise, as the justice may allow:

(4.) The appellant, after entering into such recognizance or giving such other security as aforesaid, shall forthwith give notice in writing thereof to the other party:

1873. Royal Newtl Artillery Vohmteer Force. Ch. 77. 429

(5.) The clerk of the court of summary jurisdiction shall, seven days at least before the sessions, transmit to the clerk of the peace the recognizance duly signed by the justice, or, if such other security as aforesaid is taken, a certificate thereof signed by such justice or clerk:

(6.) Where the appellant is in custody the justice may, if he think fit, on the appellant entering into such recognizance or giving such other security as aforesaid, release him from custody:

(7.) The court of appeal may adjourn the appeal, and upon the hearing thereof may confirm, reverse, or modify the decision of the court of summary jurisdiction, or remit the matter to the court of summary jurisdiction with the opinion of the court of appeal thereon, or make such other order in the matter as the court thinks just:

(8.) The court of appeal may also make such order as to costs to be paid by either party as the court thinks just:

(9.) Whenever a decision is reversed by the court of appeal the clerk of the peace shall indorse on the conviction, order, or other adjudication a memorandum that the same has been so reversed, and whenever any copy or certificate of such conviction, order, or other adjudication is made, a copy of such memorandum shall be added thereto, and shall be sufficient evidence that the conviction, order, or other adjudication has been reversed in every case where such copy or certificate would be sufficient evidence of such conviction, order, or other adjudication:

(10.) Every notice in writing required by this section to be given by an appellant may be signed by him or by his attorney on his behalf; and every such notice and every recognizance and certificate mentioned in this section may be transmitted by the post in the ordinary way.

39. In Scotland, a person authorised to appeal under this Regulations as

Act from a court of summary jurisdiction may appeal therefrom in

to the next circuit court of justiciary, or, where there are no bco " ' circuit courts, to the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh,

in the manner prescribed by such of the provisions of the Act of the twentieth year of the reign of King George the Second, chapter forty-three, and any Act amending the same, as relate to appeals in matters criminal, and by and under the rules, limitations, conditions, and restrictions contained in the said provisions.

40. No order or conviction made in any matter arising Exclusion of under this Act, either originally or on appeal, shall be quashed certiorari.

430

Application of certain penalties.

Appearance of commanding officer by officer of permanent staff^ &c.

Definitions.

" Summary Jurisdiction Acts."

" Court of

summary

jurisdiction.* '

Ch. 77. Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force. 36 & 37 Vict.

for want of form, and no order or conviction made by a court of summary jurisdiction against which a person is authorised by this Act to appeal shall be removed by certiorari or otherwise, either at the instance of the Crown or of any private party into any superior court. Moreover, no warrant of commitment shall be held void by reason of any defect therein, provided that there is a valid conviction to maintain such warrant, and it is alleged in the warrant that the person named therein has been convicted.

41. Any pecuniary penalty recovered summarily under this Act on the prosecution of the commanding officer of a naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade shall (notwithstanding anything in any Act relating to municipal corporations or to the metropolitan police district or in any other Act) be paid to the commanding officer, and be applied as part of the general fund of the corps or brigade.

42. The commanding officer of any naval artillery volunteer corps or brigade may appear in any county court or before any court of summary jurisdiction by any officer or petty officer of the permanent staff of such corps or brigade, or by any officer or member of the corps or brigade authorised in writing under the hand of such commanding officer.

43. In this Act —

The term "Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any two of them:

The term "commanding officer of a corps" means the officer, petty officer, or other member of the corps (exclusive of the permanent staff thereof) who holds the highest rank in such corps:

The term "volunteer" means a petty officer or gunner belonging to a naval artillery volunteer corps, exclusive of the permanent staff thereof:

The term "person" includes (where the case requires) a body of persons, corporate or unincorporate:

The term "Summary Jurisdiction Acts" means, as to England, the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled "An Act to facilitate the performance " of the duties of justices of the peace out of sessions " within England and Wales with respect to summary " convictions and orders," and any Acts amending the same, and as to Scotland the Summary Procedure Act, 1864:

The term "sheriff " includes in Scotland sheriff substitute:

The term "court of summary jurisdiction 99 means, —

In England, any justice or justices of the peace, metropolitan police magistrate, stipendiary or other magistrate, or officer, by whatever name called, to whom juris-

431

diction is given by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any Acts therein referred to;

In Scotland, any sheriff;

In the Isle of Man, the court, justices, or magistrates who exercise jurisdiction in the like cases to those in which the Summary Jurisdiction Acts are applicable:

The term "appointments " includes accoutrements and equipments of every kind other than clothing.

44. All the provisions of this Act relating to a brigade shall apply to any united body formed of two or more separate naval artillery volunteer corps for naval or administrative purposes by the authority of the Admiralty, whether the corps so united are formed into a brigade or any other body.

45. This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

46. This Act maybe cited as the Naval Artillery Volunteer Act, 1873.

SCHEDULE.

Certificate for Exemption from Militia.

I, A.B.y commanding officer of the naval artillery

volunteer corps, hereby certify that C.D. is a volunteer enrolled in that corps, and is by virtue of The Naval Artillery Volunteer Act, 1873, exempt from liability to serve personally or to provide a substitute in the militia of [England^ or as the case may be'].

Given under my hand at this day of one thousand eight hundred and [sixty-four].

A.B.,

[Lieutenant- Commanding.]

CHAPTER 78.

An Act to amend the Sanitary Act, 1866, so far as the same relates to the Nuisance Authorities of Ports in Ireland.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS by section thirty of the Sanitary Act, 1866, it was amongst other things enacted, that for the purposes of the said Act any ship, vessel, or boat that is in a place not within the district of a nuisance authority shall be deemed to be within the district of such nuisance authority as may be prescribed by the Privy Council, but no sufficient provision was made for the payment in certain cases of the expenses to be thereby incurred by the nuisance authority so prescribed: And whereas by the Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872, the powers conferred by said section thirty of the Sanitary Act, 1866, upon the Privy Council were transferred to the Local Government Board for Ireland:

Application of Act to united corps.

[Short title.]

[Extent of Act.]

432 Ch. 78. Sanitary Act (1866) Amendment (/.). 36 & 37 Vict.

And whereas it is expedient to amend the said section so far as it relates to Ireland, and to provide for the payment of such expenses in manner by this Act prescribed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Sanitary Act, 1866, Ireland, Amendment Act, 1873."

Extent of Act. 2. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

Construction of 3. The Sanitary Act, 1866, so far as the same relates to

Act- Ireland, and this Act shall be construed together as one Act.

Interpretation. 4. In this Act the following expressions shall have the meanings respectively assigned to them; that is to say,

The expression "port" shall mean a port as established for the purposes of the laws relating to the customs of the United Kingdom:

The expression "port nuisance authority" shall mean any nuisance authority prescribed by the Local Government Board for Ireland, under the provisions of section thirty of the Sanitary Act as amended by the Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872:

The expression "riparian nuisance district" shall mean any nuisance district (including the district of the port nuisance authority) any part of which abuts on any river or coast forming part of a port.

Amendment of 5# Any expenses incurred by a port nuisance authority in

theUSanftaryf carrying into effect the thirtieth section of the Sanitary Act,

Act, 1866. 1866, shall, in case the Local Government Board for Ireland shall so direct, be defrayed out of a common fund to be contributed by the riparian nuisance districts in such proportions as the said Local Government Board thinks just and shall order.

For the purpose of obtaining payment from the other contributary riparian nuisance authorities of the sum to be contributed by them the port nuisance authority shall issue its precept to each such authority, requiring it within a time limited by the precept to pay the amount therein mentioned to the port nuisance authority, or to such person as the port nuisance authority may direct.

Any contribution payable by a riparian nuisance authority to a port nuisance authority shall be a debt due from it, and may be recovered accordingly, such contribution being deemed expenses of such nuisance authority incurred by them in carrying into effect the said provisions of the Sanitary Act, 1866.

Ch. 79.

43:?

Consolidated Fund (Appropria).

CHAPTER 79.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[5th August 1873.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Orcmt out of Consolidated Fund.

L The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Issue of time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the 26; 47f United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply Audited Fund" towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, the sum of twenty-six million four hundred and seventy thousand seven hundred and sixteen pounds.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may borrow Power for the from time to time on the credit of the said sum of twenty-six to

million four hundred and seventy thousand seven hundred and rrow* sixteen pounds, any sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts men- Appropriation tioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said ^r*^"1"5ted Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted «ervice«. to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said Schedule, in the aggregate to the sum of forty-seven million seven hundred and eighty-eight thousand and sixty-two pounds nine- 0 o

434 Ch. 79. Consolidated Fond (Appropriation). 36 & 37 Vict.

teen shillings and ninepence, are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A) for the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

Treasoiy may, 4# jf a necessity arise for incurring expenditure'not provided of exigracy^8 ^or sums appropriated to naval and military services by authorise ex- this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service ^ridedfrr *° Pos^Pone until provision can be made for it by Parliament

provided that ni the usual course, each of the departments entrusted with the the aggregate control over the said services shall forthwith make application, grants for the in writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury anJfor^he68 for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out army services of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected respectively be by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same de-

t\at pYpppnpfL o x. jl

partment, and in such application the department shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

Sanction for 5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the ex^LTfor Powers vested in them by the Act of the session held in the 1871-72 un- or thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of Her present provided for. Majesty, chapter eighty-nine, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, to be in part temporarily defrayed out of the balances unexpended in respect of the sums appro-

1873. Consolidated Ftmd (Appropriation). Ch. 79.

priated to certain other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. Expenditure for certain navy services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed to the extent of two hundred and twelve thousand five hundred and ninety-six pounds two shillings and eightpence out of the unexpended balances of certain other votes for navy services:

2d. Expenditure for certain army services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed to the extent of two hundred and twenty-three thousand four hundred and ninety-six pounds twelve shillings and threepence, out of the unexpended balances of certain other votes for army services, and out of sums realized in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is enacted, that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Appropriation Act, 1873."

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

£ 8. d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - 47, 788, 062 19 9

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Part 1. Deficiencies, 1870-71 - £ s. d. 235, 889 19 9

2. Supplementary, 1872-73 - 217, 457 -

1873-74: —, 3. Navy - 453, 346 19 9 9, 899, 725 -

4. Army - - 14, 416, 100 -

5. Army Purchase Commission - - 841, 900 -

6. Civil Services, Class I. -, 7. Ditto, Class II. £ 1, 394, 002 2, 003, 383

8. Ditto, Class III. 4, 345, 060

9. Ditto, Class IV. 2, 468, 942

10. Ditto, Class V. 672, 091

11. Ditto, Class VI. 527, 674

12. Ditto, Class VII. 52, 997

Total Civil Services, 13. Revenue departments, &c. 11, 464, 149 - -7, 369, 941 -

14. Advances for Greenwich Hospital and School 142, 901 -

15. Alabama Claims - 3, 200,000 -

0 o 2 £ 47, 788, 062 19 S

Short

Act.

436

Sched. (A.) SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the years ending £ s. d. £ s. d *

31st March 1872 and 1873;

Under Act 36 Vict. cap. 3. 453, 346 19 9

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1874; viz.

Under Act 36 Vict. cap. 3. - 8, 864,000 -

Under Act 36 Vict. cap. 26. - 12,000,000 - -Under this Act - - 26, 470, 716 -

— ---- 47, 334, 716 -

Total - - .£47, 788, 062 19 9

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Deficiencies.

Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the several grants herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1872; viz.: —

Sched. (B.) Part 1.

Deficiencies.

Class I.

Class II.-<

Civil Services, viz.: —

' 'Furniture of public offices -Industrial Museum, Edinburgh British Museum buildings -Portland Harbour -British Embassy Houses, Paris and Madrid St. Paul's Cathedral; National Thanksgiving Foreign Office -Charity Commission -Poor Law Commission, England Office of Works and Public Buildings ^Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Irelan< '"Court of Chancery, England County Courts

Class III j

I Uourt or Probate, Ireland

Registry of Judgments, Ireland

County Prisons, Ireland

Class IV. — Universities, &c. in Scotland

Class VII. — Temporary Commissions

£ s. d. 67 12 -220 16 2 541 6 3 2 12 8 1, 106 18 -378 1 6 81 9 11 69 10 10 408 19 4 1, 038 14 4 100 19 2 — 16, 172 17 8 2 8 1 123 19 10 18 16 10 1, 537 7 9 121 0 3 4, 340 19 3

26, 338 11 8

Revenue Departments, viz.: —

Post Office - £37, 775 10 -

Post Office Telegraph Service - £171, 775 18 1

---- 209, 551 8 1

.£235, 889 19 9

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Ch. 73.

437

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2. Supplementary.

SCTIED. (B.) Part 2.

Supplementary

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1873; via.: —

Navy, viz.

Miscellaneous — reward to Captain Scott, R.N., for his gunnery inventions Army Purchase Commission

Civil Services, viz.: —

' 'Harbours, See. under the Board of Trade -

Class I. Metropolitan Police Courts

New Palace at Westminster, acquisition of lands

Class II.

f Police, CLASS III.

Printing and Stationery - >lice, counties and boroughs (Great Britain)

Class V.

i Miscellaneous legal charges, England

{Grants in aid of expenditure in Certain colonies -Tonnage bounties. See, and Liberated African Department f Mediterranean Extension Tele-Class VII. graph Company

L Repayments to civil contingencies

9, 620

3, 260

1, 250

51, 666

14.000 730

20.000

6,000

1, 395

18, 536

£ 6,000

j£85,000

126, 457

-C217, 457

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3. Sched. (B.)

Part 3.

NAVY. Navy.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.

No.

1. For wages, &c. to 60,000 seamen and marines -

2. For victuals and clothing for seamen and marines

3. For the expense of the Admiralty Office

4. For the expense of the coast guard service, the royal

naval coast volunteers, the royal naval reserve, and seamen and marine pensioners reserve

5. For the expense of the several scientific departments of

the navy ...

6. For the expense of the dockyards and naval yards at

home and abroad -

7. For the expense of the victualling yards at home and

abroad -

Oo 3

Sums not exceeding

2, 629, 884

1, 035, 719

174, 983

167, 575 98, 654 1, 115, 080 I 70, 935

SCHED. (B.) Past 8.

Navy.

No.

8. For the expense of the medical establishments at home

and abroad - - # -

9. For the expense of the royal marine divisions -

{10. For naval stores for the building, repair, and outfitting the fleet and coast guard ..... 10. For steam machinery, and for payments to be made for ships building by contract -11. For new works, buildings, machinery, and repairs in the naval establishments -

12. For medicines, medical stores, &c.

13. For martial law and law charges -14. For the expense of various miscellaneous services 15. For half pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and royal marines -

{16. For military pensions and allowances -

16. For civil pensions and allowances -17. For freignt of ships, for the victualling and conveyance of troops, on account of the army department

Sums not exceeding

62, 214

18, 683

1, 072, 380

609, 366

682, 218

70, 800

16, 080

105, 288

862, 462

643, 216

296, 448

167, 740

Total Navy Services

9, 899, 725

SCHED. (B.) Part 4.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 4.4 ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.: —

No.

1. For the general staff and regimental pay, allowances, and

charges of Her Majesty's land forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India -

2. For divine service -

3. For martial law -

4. For the medical establishments and services

5. For militia pay and allowances -

6. For the yeomanry cavalry -

7. For the volunteer corps -

8. For the army reserve force, including enrolled pensioners -

9. For the control establishment, wages, &c.

10. For provisions, forage, fuel, transport and other services -

11. For clothing establishments, services, and supplies

12. For the supply, manufacture, and repair of warlike and

other stores, for land and sea service, including establishments of manufacturing departments

13. For the superintending establishment of, and the expendi-

ture for, works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad -

14. For military education -

15. For miscellaneous services -

Sums not exceeding

5, 072, 500

46, 800

27,000

247.400

815.400 78, 900

430, 300

123, 200

389,000

1, 980, 700

743, 100

1, 070,000

778,000

133, 900

29, 300

No.

16. For the administration of the army -

17. For rewards for distinguished services -

18. For the pay of general officers -

19. For the full pay of reduced and retired officers and half pay

20. For widows pensions and compassionate allowances

21. For pensions and allowances to wounded officers -

22. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-

pensioners thereof -

23. For the out-pensioners of Chelsea hospital, &c.

24. For superannuation allowances, &c.

25. For the non-effective services of the militia, yeomanry

cavalry, and volunteer corps .....

Total Army Services - £

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

Army Purchase Commission.

For the establishment of, and expenditure to be incurred by, the Army Purchase Commissioners, and for the purchase of the remaining Commissions of gentlemen-at-arms - - £

Sums not SCHED. (B.) Past 4.

exceeding Army.

200, 200

35.400 80,000

527, 900

147, 300

16.400

36, 600 1, 214, 500 172, 100

20, 200

14, 416, 100

SCHED. (B.) Part 5.

841, 900

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several CrviL Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.: —

SCHED. (B.) Part 6. 'Civil Services. Class I.

No.

1. For the maintenance and repair of the royal palaces

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens -

3. For the maintenance and repair of public buildings in Great Britain; for providing the necessary supply of water; for rents of houses for the temporary accommodation of public departments, and charges attendant thereon -

4. For the supply and repair of furniture in the public depart-

ments in Great Britain -

5. For the acquisition of lands for the new palace at Westminster, &c. -

6. For the buildings of the Houses of Parliament

7. For erecting offices in Downing Street for the Secretaries

of State for the Home and Colonial Departments, Local Government Board, &c.

Sums not exceeding

30, 615

100, 727

153, 431

14, 500

8, 500 30, 670 .

58,000

SCHED. (B.)

Part 6.

Civil Services Class I.

"No.

8. For one half of the expense of erecting or improving court

houses or offices for the sheriff courts in Scotland, and the expense of maintaining courts so erected or improved -

9. For works for the enlargement of the National Gallery

10. For a grant in aid of buildings for the University of

Glasgow -

11. For the extension of the Industrial Museum, Edinburgh -

12. For erecting a new building on the site of the wings and

on a portion of the courtyard of Burlington House, for the occupation of various learned bodies

13. For erecting and maintaining certain works and buildings

at the Post Office and Inland Revenue, and for certain other expenses in connection with those departments -

14. For maintenance and repair of British Museum buildings,

rent of premises, supply of furniture, and other charges attendant thereon -

15. For new buildings for county courts, maintenance and

repair of oourts, supply of furniture, fuel, &c., and other charges attendant thereon .....

16. For erecting and maintaining new buildings for the

Department of Science and Art -

17* For the survey of the United Kingdom, revision of the survey of Ireland, maps for Landed Estates Court, Ireland, publication of maps, and for engraving the geological survey -

18. For constructing certain harbours, Sec. under the Board of

Trade -

19. For the expense of constructing Portland Harbour

20. For contribution towards the establishment and main-

tenance of a fire brigade in the metropolis

21. For contributions in aid of local assessments for the relief

of the poor and for other purposes in respect of certain descriptions of government, property, and for salaries and expenses connected with the investigation of claims for rates on government property, or for contributions in lieu of rates -

22. For the Wellington monument -

23. For the erection of a Natural History Museum

24. For new buildings, maintenance and repair of buildings,

and other expenses connected therewith, of the Metropolitan Police Courts -

25. For the purchase of a site, erection of building, and other

expenses for new courts of justice and offices -

26. For works at Anstruther Harbour -

27. For grant in aid of the expenses of Ramsgate Harbour

28. For erection, repairs, and maintenance of the several public

buildings in the department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland -

29. For erecting and maintaining certain lighthouses abroad -

30. For the maintenance and repairs of embassy houses abroad

31. For the British embassy houses, chapel, consular offices, &c.

at Constantinople, China, Japan, and Tehran -

32. For the sites and budding of the British embassy houses at

Vienna and Washington -

Total Civil Services, Class I.

Sums not exceeding

14, 340

42, 420

20,000

9, 200

29, 162

156, 607

5, 547

36, 605

19, 773

129, 210

26, 547

200

10,000

37, 353

4, 651

80,000

26, 010

68, 800

9,000

763

156, 308

23, 560

900

61, 863

28, 740

1, 394, 002

Ch. 79.

441

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class H.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Sbbvices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.: —

Sums not

No. exceeding £

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Lords - - 45, 175

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons - . % - 48, 482

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury 56, 213

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices ..... 92, 830

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs 62, 085

6. For salanes and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies - 31, 582

7. For salanes and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and subordinate departments - 31, 675

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and of the subordinate departments - 9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Lord Privy Seal - 101, 778

2, 779

10. For salaries and Texpenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales ..... 19, 385

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission ..... 20, 921

12. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Copy-hold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission 18, 354

13. For the imprest expenses under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts ..... 8, 650

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General of the Exchequer - 15. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland 43, 676

2, 395

16. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England ... 55, 750

17. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board 407, 803

18. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England - 14, 835

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including expenses of the coinage ---- 52, 350

20. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office 17, 795

21. For charges connected with the Patent Law Amendment Act ..... 28, 456

22. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General in London and Dublin - 23. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England ..... -- 25, 506

22, 881

SCHED. (B.)

Past 7.

Civil Services. Class II.

442

Ch. 79. Co7i8olidcUed Fund (Appropriation). 36 & 37 VICT,

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7. Civil Services. Class II.

No.

Sums not exceeding

24. For salaries and expenses of the establishments under the

Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the West India Islands Relief Commissioners ...

25. For stationery, printing, binding, and printed books for the several public departments in England, Scotland, and Ireland, and some dependencies, and for stationery, printing, binding, and paper, for the two Houses of Parliament, including the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office -

26. For salaries and expenses of the office of Woods, Forests,

and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments .....

27. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

28. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services

29. For salarfcs and expenses of the department of the

Queen's and Lora Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, Sootland, of certain officers in Scotland, and other charges formerly paid from the hereditary revenue .....

30. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland

31. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Re-

gistrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland

32. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in

Scotland .....

4, 564

438, 703

24, 381

42, 072

24,000

6, 247

12, 512

7, 554

5, 945

33. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for

relief of the poor and for publio health in Scotland

34. For salaries of the officers and attendants of the household

of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and other expenses -

35. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief

Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments

36. For salaries and expenses connected with the boundary

survey, Ireland -

37. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland -

38. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Re-

gistrar General of Births, &c., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and emigration statistics and of taking the Census in Ireland -

39. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government

Board, Ireland -

40. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office, and of the keeper of the State Papers in Ireland

41. For salaries and expenses of the office of Public Works in

Ireland -

18, 192

6, 941

29, 215

300

2, 385

27, 696

109, 200

5, 294

26, 826

Total Civil Services, Class II.

- £

2, 003, 383

. j

1878.

Consolidated Fv/nd (Appropriation).

Ch. 79.

443

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8. Sched. cb.)

Past 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III. Civil Services.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.

Sums not exceeding

No.

3,

1. For the salaries of certain of the law officers of the Crown,

and the law charges, salaries, allowances, and incidental expenses, including prosecutions relating to coin, in the department of the solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury -

2. For criminal prosecutions at assizes and quarter sessions

in England, including adjudications under the Criminal Justice and the Juvenile Offenders Acts, sheriffs expenses, salaries to clerks of assize and other officers, and for compensation to clerks of the peace For such salaries and expenses of the Court of Chancery in England as are not charged upon the Consolidated Fund -

4. For such salaries and expenses of the Superior Courts of

Common Law in England as are not charged upon the Consolidated Fund -

5. For Euch salaries and expenses' of the London Bank-

ruptcy Court as are not charged upon the Consolidated Fund -

6. For salaries and expenses of the county courts

7. For salaries and expenses of the courts of Probate and Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England -

For salaries and expenses in the offices of the Registrar and Marshal or the High Court of Admiralty in England - For Binaries and expenses of the Office of Land Registry For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London and Sheerness -

For the salaries and expenses of the metropolitan police, the superannuations of the late horse and foot patrol, and the expenses of the Habitual Criminals Registry

12. For certain expenses connected with the police in counties

and boroughs in England and Wales, and with the police in Scotland -

13. For the superintendence of convict establishments and for the maintenance of convicts in convict establishments in England and the Colonies -

14. For maintenance of prisoners in county and borough

prisons, and of criminal lunatics in private asylums m Great Britain -

15. For the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory

and industrial schools in Great Britain

16. For maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor

Criminal Lunatic Asylum, England -

17. For miscellaneous legal charges in England

18. For salaries and incidental expenses connected with

criminal proceedings in Scotland

8.

9.

10,

11

53, 925

190, 275

172, 278

61, 837

37, 778

437, 984

91, 424

12, 499

5, 350

13, 993

229, 982

335.000 454, 593

108, 820

223.000

30, 492

17, 850

67, 290

444

Sched. (B.)

Part 8. Civil Services. Class III.

No. Soma not exceeding £

19. For salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland and other legal charges 20. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh ... 21. For the joint departments of prisons and judicial statistics in Scotland, and for maintenance of prisoners in the prisons at Perth (including establishments for criminal lunatics), Ayr and Paisley ..... 22. For the expense of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland ..... 57, 754

31, 113

23, 793

78, 231

23. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Court of Chancery in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund ..... 45, 050

24. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - 28, 552

25. For salaries and the incidental expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland 26. For salaries and expenses of the Landed Estates Court in Ireland - 8, 161

12, 931

27. For salaries and expenses of the Court of Probate and of the District Registries in Ireland ... 11, 663

28. For salaries and expenses of the Admiralty Court Registry in Ireland ---- 2, 075

29. For salaries and expenses of the Office for the Registration of Deeds in Ireland ..... 16, 150

30. For salaries and expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments in Ireland 3, 120

31. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioners of Police, of the police courts and of the metropolitan polioe establishment, Dublin - 139, 967

32. For the constabulary force, Ireland - 1, 137, 479

33. For the superintendence and inspection of Government prisons, for the Office of Registrar of habitual criminals, and for the maintenance of convicts in government prisons in Ireland ..... 40, 185

34. For maintenance of prisoners in county and borough prisons, and the expenses of reformatories and industrial schools in Ireland ..... 76, 463

35. For maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland ..... 5, 309

36. For salaries and expenses of the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin ---- 2, 360

37. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses in Ireland 80, 334

Total Civil Services, Class III. - £ 4, 346, 060

. 1873.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Ch. 79.

445

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9* Schet>. (B.)

Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV. Civil Services.

Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.: —

No.

1. For public education in England and Wales -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Science

and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith

3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, in-

cluding the amount required for furniture, fittings, &c.

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, London,

and for purchase of pictures .....

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the formation of

the National Portrait Gallery -

6. For grants in aid of the expenditure of certain learned

societies in Great Britain and Ireland -

7. For salaries and expenses of the University of London

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Endowed Schools

Commission -

9. For public education in Scotland -

10. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Education for

Scotland -

11. For grants to Scottish universities- -

12. For the annuity to the Board of Trustees in Scotland, in

discharge of equivalents under the Treaty of Union, to be applied in maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Antiquarian Museum, Scotland, and for the exhibition of the Torrie Collection, and for other

purposes -

13. For public education under the Commissioners of National

Education in Ireland -

14. For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of

Education in Ireland -

15. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of

Ireland, and for the purchase of pictures

16. For the Royal Irish Academy -

17. For the Queen's University in Ireland -

18. For the Queen's Colleges in Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

1, 299, 603

262, 503

129, 061

7, 545

2,000

12, 450

9, 681

9, 095

155, 413

5, 610

18, 428

2, 100

542, 222

655

2, 380

2, 084

3, 936

4, 176

2, 468, 942

SCHED. (B.) Part 10.

Civil Services. Class V.

Sched. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.)-Part 10. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.: —

No.

1. For the expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions

abroad -

2. For the consular establishments abroad, and for other

expenses chargeable on the consular vote

3. In aia of colonial local revenue and for the salaries and

allowances of governors, &c., and for other expenses in certain colonies -

4. For the charge of the Orange River Territory (Cape of

Good Hope) and the island of St. Helena

5. For expenses of the mixed commissions established under

the treaties with foreign powers for suppressing the traffic in slaves -

6. For tonnage bounties and bounties on slaves, and for

expenses of the Liberated African department -

7. For the Emigration Board and Emigration Officers at the

different ports of this kingdom, and for certain other expenses connected with emigration from this country -

8. On account of the Treasury chest -

Some not exceeding

280, 914

248, 945

99, 736

3, 616

122

28, 429

5, 329

5,000

Total Civil Services, Class V.

672, 091

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For superannuation and retired allowances to persons for-

merly employed in the public service -

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant

service, and to their widows and children, under the Merchant Seamen's Fund Act, and for compensation to the late officers of the trustees of the Merchant Seamen's Fund -

3. For the relief of distressed British seamen abroad -

4. For the support of certain hospitals and infirmaries,

Ireland -

5. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain -

6. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances

in Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

423, 996

40, 288

33,000

18, 850

5, 616

5, 924

527, 674

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES — Class VII.

Schedule <of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and incidental expenses of temporary commissions -

2. For expenses of an Expedition for the purpose of pursuing

a course of physical and biological investigations of the oceanic regions of the globe -

3. For certain miscellaneous expenses ...

4. For repayment of Kensington Station, &c., railway deposit

31, 027

3, 045

13, 165

5, 760

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

52, 997

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1874; viz.: —

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs Department

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue

Department -

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the

expenses of Post Office savings banks, and of government annuities and insurances, and of the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the Post Office packet service (a) -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph

service -

Sums not exceeding

983, 015

1, 678, 236

2, 745, 342

1, 105, 348

858,000

Total Revenue Departments

7, 369, 941

(a) No part of this sum is to be applicable or applied in or towards making any payment in respect of any period subsequent to the 20th day of June 1863 to Mr. Joseph George Churchward, or to any person claiming through or under him, by virtue of a certain contract, bearing date the 26tn day of April 1859, made between the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Admiralty (for and on behalf of Her Majesty) of the first part, and the said Joseph George Churchward of the second part, or in or towards the satisfaction of any claim whatsoever of the said Joseph George Churchward by virtue of that contract, so far as relates to any period subsequent to the 20th day of June 1863.

Pp 2

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12. Civil {Services. Class VU.

SCHED. (B.) Part 13. Revenue Departments.

448

SCHED. (B.) Part 14.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14. Greenwich Hospital and School.

Advances during the year ending 31st March 1874 for defraying £ the expenses of Greenwich Hospital and 'School - - 142, 901

SctiED. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

Past 15.

Alabama Claims.

To pay off and discharge the amounts awarded to the Govern- £ ment of the United States of America under the Treaty of Washington, 1871, in satisfaction of the Alabama claims - 3, 200,000

CHAPTER 80.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and Her Imperial Highness the Grand Duchess Marie Alexandrovna of Russia, and to settle an annuity on Her Imperial Highness.

[5th August 1873.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WT2, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most Gracious Message, that Your Majesty has agreed to a marriage proposed between Your Majesty's second sod, His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh, and Her Imperial Highness the Grand Duchess Marie Alexandrovna, only daughter of His Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that- it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Power to Her 1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in order to provide Majesty to for the establishment of His Royal Highness and Her Imperial umlai annuity Highness, by letters patent under the Great Seal of the United of io, oooo/. for Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto His Affr^L^mest Royal Highness, or to such persons as Her Majesty may Albert, Duke of think fit to name in the said letters patent on trust for His Edinburgh. said Royal Highness, and subject to such conditions as Her Majesty may direct, an annuity of ten thousand pounds for

1873.

Duke of Edinburgh's Annuity.

Ch. 80.

449

his life, such annuity to commence from the day of the marriage of His said Royal Highness with Her said Imperial Highness, to be free from all taxes, assessments, and charges, and to be paid quarterly on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, and to be in addition to the annuity heretofore granted to him by Parliament.

2. The first payment of such portion of the said annuity Payment of

as may have accrued between the date of the said marriage.

and the first of the said quarterly days which happens after p

the said marriage shall be made on such last-mentioned quarterly day, and a proportionate part shall be payable for the period between the last quarterly day of payment and the day of the determination thereof: Provided that in the event of His said Royal Highness succeeding to any sovereignty or principality abroad it shall be lawful for Her Majesty or her successors, with the consent of Parliament, to revoke or reduce the said annuity by warrant under the sign manual

3. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by letters patent £°*erJ° Her under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain graiu^n-and Ireland, to grant unto Her said Imperial Highness, in nuity of 6, oooo/. case of her surviving His said Royal Highness, or to such

persons as Her Majesty may think fit to name in the said fn the event*©? letters patent in trust for Her said Imperial Highness, in the her surviving event of her so surviving, an annuity of six thousand pounds, to commence from the day of the death of His said Royal DukeofEdin-Highness, and to continue from thenceforth during the life of burgh.

Her said Imperial Highness, and to be payable on the quarterly days aforesaid, the first payment to be made on such of the said quarterly days as happens next after the death of His said Royal Highness, of such portion of the said annuity as may have accrued between the date of the said death and the said quarterly day, and a proportionate part thereof to be "payable for the period from the last quarterly day of payment to the day of the determination thereof.

4. The annuities granted in pursuance of this Act shall, if Annuities

Her Majesty think fit so to direct, be personal and inalienable tlm

provisions, and the same shall be charged on and payable out charged on the of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great S^°^lidated Britain and Ireland, or the growing produce thereof, after n paying or reserving sufficient to pay such sums as may have been directed to be paid out of the said fund by former Acts of Parliament, but with preference to all other payments which may hereafter be charged on the said fund.

Pp 3

450

Ch. 81.

Langbaurgh Coroners.

36 & 37 Vict.

[Short title.]

Scheme to be framed for the division of wapentake of Langbaurgh into districts.

CHAPTER 81.

An Act to authorise the division of the Wapentake of Langbaurgh in the county of York into Districts for the purpose of Coroners jurisdiction, and the appointment of additional Coroners for the said Wapentake.

[6th August 1873.]

WHEREAS the wapentake of Langbaurgh in the county of York is a liberty having a separate coroner, and the right of appointing such coroner is vested in the chief bailiff for the time being of the wapentake:

And whereas the said wapentake is a large and populous district, and it is expedient that it be divided into separate districts for the purpose of coroners jurisdiction, that additional coroners be appointed for the wapentake, and that such provision as is herein-after contained be made for the apportionment among the several coroners for the wapentake of the salary and functions of the existing coroner:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Langbaurgh Coroners Act,

1873.

2. The justices of the north riding of the county of York in quarter sessions assembled may, at the Michaelmas quarter sessions to be held next after the passing of this Act, settle a scheme for the division of the wapentake of Langbaurgh into three districts, to be assigned to separate coroners, and for the apportionment among such coroners of the salary received by the existing coroner for the wapentake.

The said justices shall, before settling such scheme, consult the existing chief bailiff and the existing coroner of the wapentake with respect thereto.

The scheme shall set out the boundaries of the proposed districts, and shall give a name to each of such districts, and shall declare for which of the three districts the existing coroner for the wapentake is to act.

The scheme when settled shall be submitted for confirmation to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and he may, after hearing such representations, if any, as the existing chief bailiff and coroner of the wapentake respectively may make with respect to the scheme, confirm the same with or without variations.

The scheme, when and as so confirmed, shall be published in the London Gazette.

Langbaurgh Coroners.

Ch. 81, 82.

451

3. Upon the publication of the scheme, the existing coroner Appointment for the wapentake shall become the coroner for such one of of coroners, the three districts as may be assigned to him by the scheme.

The chief bailiff for the time being of the wapentake shall, as soon as may be after the publication of the scheme, appoint a coroner for each of the other two districts.

Upon the occurrence of any vacancy in the office of coroner for any of the said three districts, the chief bailiff for the time being of the wapentake may appoint a successor to fill such vacancy.

4. Each of the coroners for the said districts shall, for all Jurisdiction ot purposes whatsoever, except as in this Act mentioned, be con- cor°ners-sidered as a coroner for the whole wapentake, and shall have the same jurisdiction, rights, powers, and authorities as if he had been appointed sole coroner for the wapentake.

to reside and act in his own district.

5. Each of the said coroners shall reside within the district Each coroner assigned to him, and shall, except during the illness or incapacity or unavoidable absence of any other coroner for the wapentake, or during a vacancy in the office of any such coroner, hold inquests only in such districts.

When any of the said coroners holds by himself or deputy any inquest in any district save that which has been assigned to him, he shall in his inquisition to be returned on such inquest, certify the cause of his attendance and of his holding such inquest, and such certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the illness or incapacity or unavoidable absence of the coroner in whose stead he attends, or of there being a vacancy in the office of coroner for the district in which such inquest is holden.

6. Each of the said coroners shall, until the next quin- Salaries, quennial revision of his salary, receive such salary as may be assigned to him by the said scheme.

The next quinquennial revision of the salaries of all the coroners for the wapentake shall take place at the expiration of five years from the last revision of the salary of the existing coroner for the wapentake.

7. In this Act the term "existing" means existing at the Definition of

time of the passing of this Act. 44 existing."

CHAPTER 82.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Small Penalties in Ireland.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to small penalties in Ireland: fee it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual

CH. 82, 83.

Penalties (Ireland).

36 & 37 Vict.

[Short title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Definition of 4i Penalty.' *

ftecovery of small penalties,

Saving as to hard labour.

Application of Act.

Not to apply to proceedings by luland Revenue. Extent of Act.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Small Penalties (Ireland) Act, 1873."

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

3. The word " penalty " in this Act shall include any sum of money recoverable in a summary manner.

4. Where upon summary conviction any offender is adjudged to pay a penalty not exceeding five pounds, such offender, in case of nonpayment thereof, may, without any warrant of distress, be committed to prison for any term not exceeding the period specified in the following scale, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid:

The imprisonment For any penalty — not to exceed —

Not exceeding ten shillings - - Seven days.

Exceeding ten shillings and not exceeding one pound - - Fourteen days.

Exceeding one pound but not exceeding two pounds - One month.

Exceeding two pounds but not exceeding five pounds - - Two months.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the power of imposing hard labour in addition to imprisonment in cases where hard labour might, on nonpayment of the penalty, have been so imposed if this Act had not passed.

6. This Act shall apply to penalties, including costs, recoverable in a summary manner in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act; and all provisions of any Act of Parliament authorising, in the case of nonpayment of a penalty not exceeding five pounds, a longer term of imprisonment than is provided by this Act, shall be repealed.

7. This Act shall not apply to any penalties recoverable by or on behalf of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

8. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

CHAPTER 83.

An Act for explaining the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1871, and for enabling a further Sum to he raised for the purposes of the said Acts and of the Pensions Commutation Act, 1872.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS by the Telegraph Act, 1869, and the Telegraph Money Act, 1871, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, in this Act referred to as the Treasury, were autho-

1873. Telegraphs. Ch. 83. 453

rised to raise for the purposes of the said Acts any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole eight million

whereas the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1870, were the purchasing, working, maintaining, and extending telegraphs:

And whereas by the nineteenth section of the Telegraph Act, 1869, after declaring that the amount to be raised should be appropriated by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in such manner, and transferred to such parties as shall be directed by the Postmaster General for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, under such regulations as shall be prescribed by the Treasury, it was further enacted that the gross revenue received by the Postmaster General for the transmission of messages by means of electric telegraphs shall be paid into the Exchequer to the account of the Consolidated Fund, and that the expenses incurred in working, maintaining, and extending telegraphs shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament:

And whereas a portion of the said amount of eight million pounds so raised as aforesaid has been expended upon certain extensions of telegraphs for the purpose of producing a greater uniformity in the working of the telegraphic and postal systems of the United Kingdom, and doubts have been entertained whether such expenditure was lawful, regard being had to the provisions of the nineteenth section of the said Telegraph Act,

1869, relating to the extension of telegraphs:

And whereas an estimated sum of about eight hundred and twelve thousand eight hundred pounds, part of the Post Office revenue which ought to have been paid into the Consolidated Fund, has been improperly expended for the purposes of the said Telegraph Acts, and it is necessary that funds should be provided to make good to the said Fund the sum so improperly diverted from it:

And whereas it is expedient to provide further funds for the purposes of the said Telegraph Acts, and of the Pensions Commutation Act, 1872:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It is hereby declared that the said nineteenth section of Amendment of the Telegraph Act, 1869, in so far as the same relates to the Telegraph Act, expenses incurred in extending telegraphs, does not apply to

any charges in respect of extensions of telegraphs already paid or coming in course of payment previously to the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

2. The Treasury may, in addition to any sum previously Power for authorised to be raised by them, raise for the purpose of of°STrea^nrr making good to the Consolidated Fund the sums so improperly to raise a fur-7

pounds

And

454

ther sum of 1, 250,000l. for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts.

Certain charges not to be defrayed out of moneys raised tinder this Act.

Mode of issuing moneys raised.

Accounts of expenditure.

[Short title.]

Ch. 83. Telegraphs. 36 & 37 Vict.

diverted as aforesaid and for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1870, the Telegraph Moneys Act, 1871, the Pensions Commutation Act, 1872, or any of such Acts, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds sterling, by the creation in manner provided by the Telegraph Act, 1869, of terminable annuities for any period of years not exceeding thirty, of three pounds per centum per annum capital stocks of annuities, or by the issue of exchequer bills or exchequer bonds, or by all or any of the said modes, and the interest upon such securities shall be chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof.

The provisions of the Telegraph Act, 1869, relating to the terminable annuities, three pounds per centum per annum capital stocks of annuities, or exchequer bills, or exchequer bonds, therein named, shall apply to the creation or issue, for the purposes of this Act, of any terminable annuities, any three per cent, capital stocks of annuities, exchequer bills, or exchequer bonds.

3. No part of the moneys raised in pursuance of this Act shall be applied to defray any charges in respect of telegraph extensions coming in course of payment on and after the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

4. All moneys raised in pursuance of this Act shall be placed to the account of the Paymaster General at the Bank of England, and shall be issued from time to time under regulations to be made by the Treasury, and to be laid by them before Parliament; but in applying such moneys to meet the charges sanctioned by this Act regard shall be had to the several heads of expenditure in the schedule hereto, and no greater sum shall be applied to the expenditure under any one of such heads than is apportioned thereto in the said schedule, except with the sanction of the Treasury, to be given upon a certificate of the Postmaster General that the excess so proposed to be expended under any one head is compensated by a deficiency of expenditure under some other head, and that the total sum to be expended under this Act in carrying into effect the provisions thereof will not exceed the said sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds.

5. Accounts of all expenditure defrayed out of moneys raised in pursuance of the said Telegraph Acts, 1869 to 1871, and of this Act, shall be prepared by the Postmaster General in such form as may be approved by the Treasury, and be transmitted to the Comptroller and Auditor General, to be examined by him as if they were appropriation accounts, in manner directed by the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 186G.

6. This Act may .be cited for all purposes as the Telegraph Act, 1873.

455

Telegraphs. Ch. 83, 84.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

Heads of Proposed Expenditure.

1. Sum required to make good amount improperly £

diverted from the Consolidated Fund to 31st

March 1873 812, 800

2. Expenses of telegraph extensions which shall

come in course of payment previous to 1st October 1873 ---- 120,000

3. Cost of undertakings purchased or to be purchased 87, 200

4. Commutation of pensions ... 230,000

£1, 250,000

CHAPTER 84.

An Act to explain the Militia Pay Acts, 1868 and 1869, and to facilitate the sale of property held for Militia purposes.

[5th August 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Militia Pay Acts, 1868 and 1869, shall be construed as if the word " lieutenant " in the said Acts included " sublieutenant."

2. Whereas by the tenth section of "The Military Forces Localisation Act, 1872," it was enacted that the commissioners of lieutenancy of the city of London, the justices of any county, riding, division, or liberty of a county (in this section included under the term county), and the council of any municipal borough, may transfer to the said Secretary of State, for the purposes of this Act, upon such terras, and with or without payment of a pecuniary consideration, as they think expedient, any barracks, storehouses for arms or ammunition, or other buildings or land held in the case of a county for the public uses or purposes of such county, and in the case of a borough, for the public uses or purposes of such borough:

And whereas it is expedient in cases where the said Secretary of State does not require the transfer of any barrack, storehouse, or other building or land as aforesaid, to authorise the sale thereof in like manner as if the public service required the site of such storehouse to be changed: Be it therefore enacted, that upon a certificate' being given by the said Secretary of State that any such barrack, storehouse, or other building or land is not required for the purposes of the said Act, the said commissioners of lieutenancy, justices, or council may sell the

" Sub-lieutenant " included under " lieutenant/ *

Amendment of 35 & 36 Vict. c. 68. s. 10., as to sale of militia storehouses,

&c.

45G

Ch. 84, 85.

Militia Pay Acts Amendment. 36 & 37 Vict.

Stfnrt title.1

[Short title.]

Construction of Act.

Particulars to tie market on British ships.

same; such sale shall in Great Britain be made in like manner as if the same were a place for keeping the stores of the militia and the public service required the site of the same to be changed, and all enactments relating to such sale shall apply accordingly, with this modification, that the purchase-money need not be applied or paid towards the cost of purchasing any ground for the purpose of building, purchasing, rebuilding, enlarging, altering, improving, or fitting up any place, building, or premises for the purposes of the militia; and such sale shall in Ireland be made in like manner as if the same were the sale of an old gaol, and the purchase-money arising from any such sale shall be applied in like manner as if the same were the purchase-money arising from the sale of an old gaol.

The terms in this section shall have the same meaning as they have in section ten of "The Military Forces Localisation Act, 1872."

3. This Act may be cited as the " Militia Pay and Storehouses Act, 1873."

CHAPTER 85.

An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts.

[5th August 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping Act, 1873.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same, and the said Acts and this Act may be cited collectively as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1873.

Registry (Part II. of Merchant Shipping Act, 1854).

3. Every British ship registered after the passing of this Act shall before registry, and every British ship registered before the passing of this Act shall, on or before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, be permanently and conspicuously marked to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade, as follows:

Her name shall be marked on each of her bows, and her name and the name of her port of registry shall be marked on her stem, on a dark ground in white or yellow letters,

1873. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment. Ch. 85.

457

or on a light ground in black letters, such letters to be of a length not less than four inches, and of proportionate breadth:

Her official number and the number denoting her registered tonnage shall be cut in on her main beam:

A scale of feet denoting her draught of water shall be marked on each side of her stem and of her stem post in Roman capital letters or in figures, not less than six inches in length, the lower line of such letters or figures to coincide with the draught line denoted thereby. Such letters or figures shall be marked by being cut in and painted white or yellow on a dark ground, or in such other way as the Board of Trade may from time to time approve.

The Board of Trade may, however, exempt any class of ships from the requirements of this section or any of them.

If the scale of feet showing the ship's draught of water is in any respect inaccurate, so as to be likely to mislead, the owner of the ship shall incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds.

The marks required by this section shall be permanently continued, and no alteration shall be made therein, except in the event of any of the particulars thereby denoted being altered in the manner provided by the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1873.

Any owner or master of a British ship who neglects to cause his ship to be marked as aforesaid, or to keep her so marked, and any person who conceals, removes, alters, defaces, or obliterates, or suffers any person under his control to conceal, remove, alter, deface, or obliterate any of the said marks, except in the event aforesaid, or except for the purpose of escaping capture by an enemy, shall for each offence incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds, and any officer of customs on receipt of a certificate from a surveyor or inspector of the Board of Trade that a ship is insufficiently or inaccurately marked may detain the same until the insufficiency or inaccuracy has been remedied.

Provided that no fishing vessel duly registered, lettered and numbered in pursuance of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, shall be required to have her name and port of registry marked imder this section.

Provided also, that if any registered British ship is not within a port of the United Kingdom at any time before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, she shall be marked as by this section required within one month after her next return to a British port of registry subsequent to that date.

4. The record of the draught of water of any sea-going ship required under section five of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1871, shall, in addition to the particulars thereby required, specify the extent of her clear side in feet and inches.

Particulars to be entered in record of draught of water.

Rules as to names of foreign ships placed on British register.

Restrictions on re-registration of abandoned ships.

Agreements with seamen.

Agreements with fishermen.

Ch. 85. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment 36 & 37 Vict.

The term "dear side" means the height from the water to the upper side of the plank of the deck from which the depth of hold as stated in the register is measured, and the measurement of the clear side is to be taken at the lowest part of the side.

Every master of a sea-going ship shall, upon the request of any person appointed to record the ship's draught of water, permit such person to enter the ship and to make such inspections and take such measurements as may be requisite for the purpose of such record, and any master who fails so to do, or impedes or suffers anyone under his control to impede any person so appointed in the execution of his duty, shall for each offence incur a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

5. Where a foreign ship, not having at any previous time been registered as a British ship, becomes a British ship, no person shall apply to register, and no registrar shall knowingly register such ship, except by the name which she bore as a foreign ship immediately before becoming a British ship, unless with the permission of the Board of Trade granted in manner directed by section six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1871.

Any person who acts or suffers any person under his control to act in contravention of this section shall for each offence incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds.

6. Where a ship has ceased to be registered as a British ship by reason of having been wrecked or abandoned, or for any reason other than capture by the enemy or transfer to a person not qualified to own a British ship, such ship shall not be reregistered until she has, at the expense of the applicant for registration, been surveyed by one of the surveyors appointed by the Board of Trade and certified by him to be seaworthy.

Masters and Seamen (Part III\ of Merchant Shipping Act, 1854).

7. Any agreement with a seaman made under section one hundred and forty-nine of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, may, instead of stating the nature and duration of the intended voyage or engagement as by that section required, state the maximum period of the voyage or engagement, and the places or parts of the world (if any) to which the voyage or engagement is not to extend.

8. The owner or master of any British vessel engaged in fishing off the coast of the United Kingdom may enter into an agreement with any person employed on such vessel that such person shall be remunerated wholly by a share in the profit of the fishing adventure.

Every such agreement shall be in writing or in print, or partly in writing and partly in print, and shall be signed by

Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment Ch. 85.

459

the contracting parties in the presence of a superintendent or deputy superintendent of a mercantile marine office.

The superintendent or deputy superintendent shall, before such agreement is signed, read and (if necessary) explain the same to the contracting parties, and shall attest the signature of the agreement, and certify that it has been read to and agreed to by the contracting parties.

Any such agreement, if made in the manner by this section required, shall be valid and binding on all the contracting parties, notwithstanding anything contained in section one hundred and eighty-two of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

9. If a seaman or apprentice belonging to any ship is detained on a charge of desertion or any kindred offence, and if upon a survey of the ship being made under section seven of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1871, it is proved that she is not in a fit condition to proceed to sea, or that her accommodation is insufficient, the owner or master of the ship shall be liable to pay to such seaman or apprentice such compensation for his detention as the court having cognizance of the proceedings may award.

10. In any case where the business of a mercantile marine office is conducted otherwise than under a local marine board, the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, instead of conducting such business at a custom house or otherwise, establish a mercantile marine office, and for that purpose procure the requisite buildings and property, and from time to time appoint and remove all the requisite superintendents, deputies, clerks, and servants. They may also in the like case make all such provisions and exercise all such powers with respect to the holding of examinations for the purpose of granting certificates of competency as masters, mates, or engineers, to persons desirous of obtaining the same, as might have been made or exercised by a local marine board.

11. Whenever it has been made to appear to Her Majesty that the government of any foreign state is desirous that any of the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1873, relating to the engagement* and discharge of seamen, shall apply to the ships of such state. Her Majesty may by Order in Council declare that such of the said provisions as are in such order specified, shall, subject to the limitations, if any, contained in the order, apply, and thereupon, so long as the order remains in force, such provisions shall apply, subject to the said limitations, to the ships of such state, and to the owners, masters, officers, and crews of such ships, when not within the jurisdiction of such state, in the same manner in all respects as if such ships were British ships.

It shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time by Order in Council to add to, alter, or repeal any order made under this section.

Compensation to seamen for unnecessary detention on charge of desertion.

Power for Board of Trade to establish mercantile marine offices and to hold examinations at certain ports.

Power for Her Majesty, by Order in Council, to apply certain provisions of Merchant Shipping Acts to foreign ships.

Survey of ships suspected of being unsea-urorthy.

Costs of survey.

Safety and Prevention of A cddents (Part IV. of Merchant Shipping Act, 1854).

12. Where the Board of Trade have received a complaint or have reason to believe that any British ship is by reason of the defective condition of her hull, equipments, or machinery, or by reason of overloading or improper loading, unfit to proceed to sea without serious danger to human life, they may, if they think fit, appoint some competent person or persons to survey such ship, and the equipments, machinery, and cargo thereof, and to report thereon to the Board.

Any person so appointed may, for the purposes of such survey, require the unloading or removal of any cargo, ballast, or tackle, and shall have all the powers of an inspector appointed under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

Any person who (having notice of the intention to hold such survey) wilfully does or causes to be done any act by which the person appointed to make such survey is prevented from or obstructed in ascertaining the condition of the ship, her equipments, machinery, and cargo, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, order that any ship be detained for the purpose of being surveyed under this section, and thereupon any officer of customs may detain such ship until her release be ordered either by the Board of Trade or by any court to which an appeal is given under this Act.

Upon the receipt of the report of the person making any such survey, the Board may, if in their opinion the ship cannot proceed to sea without serious danger to human life, make such further order as they may think requisite as to the detention of the ship or as to her release, either absolutely or upon the performance of such conditions with respect to the execution of repairs or alterations, or the unloading or reloading of cargo, as the Board may impose. They may also from time to time vary or add to such order.

A copy of any such order and of the report upon which it was founded, and also of any variation of or addition to such order, shall be delivered as soon as possible to the owner or master of the ship to which it relates.

When a ship has been detained under this section she shall not be released by reason of her British register having been closed.

13. If upon the survey of a ship under this Act she is reported to have been at the time of the survey, having regard to the nature of the service for which she was then intended, unfit to proceed to sea without serious danger to human life, the expenses incurred by the Board of Trade in respect of the survey shall be paid by the owner of the ship to the Board of Trade, and shall, without prejudice to any other remedy, be

1873. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment, Ch. So. 461

recoverable by them in the same manner as salvage is recoverable.

If upon such survey the ship is not reported to haye been unfit to proceed to sea, having regard to the nature of the service for which she was intended, the Board of Trade shall be liable to pay compensation to any person for any loss or damage which he may have sustained by reason of the detention of the ship for the purpose of survey, or otherwise in respect of such survey.

Where a complaint has been made to the Board of Trade that a ship is not fit to proceed to sea, they may, if they think tit, before ordering a survey of the ship, require the complainant to give or provide such security as they may think sufficient for the payment of the costs and expenses which they may incur in respect of the survey of the ship and of the compensation which they may be rendered liable to pay for loss or damage caused by her detention for the purpose of such survey, or otherwise in respect of such survey.

Where a ship has been surveyed under this Act in consequence of a complaint made to the Board of Trade, if upon v such survey being made it appear that such complaint was made without reasonable cause, the expenses incurred by the Board in respect of the survey of the ship and the amount, if any, which the Board may have been rendered liable to pay in respect of any loss or damage caused by her detention shall be recoverable by the Board from such complainant.

All moneys payable by the Board of Trade in respect or by reason of the survey or detention of a ship under this Act shall, subject to the right by this section provided of recovering such moneys from the complainant, be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament.

14. If the owner of any ship surveyed under this Act is Appeal from dis-satisfied with any order of the Board of Trade made upon B^ardofTrade. such survey, he may apply to any of the following courts having jurisdiction in the place where such ship was surveyed, that is so say:—

In England, to any court having Admiralty jurisdiction:

In Ireland, to any court having jurisdiction under the Court of Admiralty (Ireland) Act, 1867:

In Scotland, to the court of the sheriff of the county.

The court may, upon such application, if they think fit, appoint one or more competent persons to survey the ship anew, and any surveyor so appointed shall have all the powers of the person by whom the original survey was made. Such survey anew shall, if so required by the Board of Trade or the shipowner, be made in the presence of any person or persons appointed by them respectively to attend at the survey.

The court to which such application is made may make such order as to the detention or release of the ship, as to the

Qq 3

Ch. 85. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment. 36 & 37 Vict.

Power for Board of Trade to vary requirements as to boats.

Duties of masters in case of collision.

Liability for infringement of regulations in cases of collision.

payment of any costs and damages which may have been occasioned by her detention, as to the payment of the expenses of the original survey, and of the survey anew, and otherwise as to the payment of any costs of and incident to the application, as to the court may seem just.

Where an application is made under this section to a county court, or in Ireland to a local court, the matter of the application shall be deemed to be an Admiralty cause within the meaning of the County Courts Admiralty Jurisdiction Act, 1868, and the Court of Admiralty (Ireland) Act, 1867.

15. In the case of any ship surveyed under the fourth part of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, the Board of Trade may at the request of the owner authorise the reduction of the number and the variation of the dimensions of the boats required for the ship by section two hundred and ninety-two of that Act, and also the substitution of rafts or other appliances for saving life for any such boats, so nevertheless that the boats so reduced or varied and the rafts or other appliances so substituted be sufficient for the persons carried on board the ship.

Section two hundred and ninety-three of the said Act shall extend to any such rafts or appliances in the same manner as if they were boats.

16. In every case of collision between two vessels it shall be the duty of the master or person in charge of each vessel, if and so far as he can do so without danger to his own vessel, crew, and passengers (if any), to stay by the other vessel until he has ascertained that she has no need of further assistance, and to render to the other vessel, her master, crew, and passengers (if any), such assistance as may be practicable and as may be necessary in order to save them from any danger caused by the collision; and also to give to the master or person in charge of the other vessel the name of his own vessel, and of her port of registry, or of the port or place to which she belongs, and also the names of the ports and places from which and to which she is bound.

If he fails so to do, and no reasonable cause for such failure is shown, the collision shall, in the absence of proof to the contrary, be deemed to have been caused by his wrongful act, neglect, or default.

Every master or person in charge of a British vessel who fails, without reasonable cause, to render such assistance or give such information as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and if he is a certificated officer an inquiry into his conduct may be held, and his certificate may be cancelled or suspended.

17. If in any case of collision it is proved to the court before which the case is tried that any of the regulations for preventing collision contained in or made under the Merchant

463

1873. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment. Ch. 85.

Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1873, has been infringed, the ship by which such regulation has been infringed shall be deemed to be in fault, unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the court that the circumstances of the case made departure from the regulation necessary.

18. The signals specified in the first schedule to this Act Signals of

shall be deemed to be signals of distress. distress.

Any master of a vessel who uses or displays, or causes or permits any person under his authority to use or display, any of the said signals, except in the case of a vessel being in distress, shall be liable to pay compensation for any labour undertaken, risk incurred, or loss sustained in consequence of such signal having been supposed to be a signal of distress, and such compensation may, without prejudice to any other remedy, be recovered in the same manner in which salvage is recoverable.

19. If a vessel requires the services of a pilot, the signals Signals for to be used and displayed shall be those specified in the second Pllots-schedule to this Act.

Any master of a vessel who uses or displays, or causes or permits any person under his authority to use or display, any of the said signals for any other purpose than that of summoning a pilot, or uses or causes or permits any person under his authority to use any other signal for a pilot, shall incur a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

20. Her Majesty may from time to time by Order in Power to alter Council repeal or alter the rules as to signals contained in the r?les f8

r o 81SD&18

schedules to this Act, or make new rules in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, and any alterations in or additions to such rules made in manner aforesaid shall be of the same force as the rules in the said schedules.

21. Any shipowner who is desirous of using, for the pur- Private signals, poses of a private code, any rockets, lights, or other similar

signals, may register such signals with the Board of Trade, and the Board shall give public notice of the signals so registered in such manner as they may think requisite for preventing such signals from being mistaken for. signals of distress or signals for pilots.

The Board may refuse to register any signals which in their opinion cannot easily be distinguished from signals of distress or signals for pilots.

When any signal has been so registered the use or display thereof by any person acting under the authority of the shipowner in whose name it is registered shall not subject any person to any of the penalties or liabilities by this Act imposed upon persons using or displaying signals improperly.

22. If the managing owner, or, in the event of there being Notice to be no managing owner, the ship's husband of any British ship given of appre-

Ch. 85. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment 36 & 37 Vict.

bended loss of ship.

Restrictions on carriage of dangerous goods.

Penalty for misdescription of dangerous eoods.

Power to refuse to carry goods

suspected of being dangerous.

Power to throw overboard dangerous goods.

have reason, owing to the nonappearance of such ship, or to any other circumstance, to apprehend that such ship has been wholly lost, he shall, as soon as conveniently may be, send to the Board of Trade notice in writing of such loss and of the probable occasion thereof, stating the name of the ship and her official number (if any), and the port to which she belongs, and if he neglect to ao so within a reasonable time he shall incur a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds.

23. If any person sends or attempts to send by, or not being the master or owner of the vessel carries or attempts to carry in any vessel, British or foreign, any dangerous goods; (that is to say,) aquafortis, vitriol, naphtha, benzine, gunpowder, lucifer matches, nitro-glycerine, petroleum, or any other goods of a dangerous nature, without distinctly marking their nature on the outside of the package containing the same, and giving written notice of the nature of such goods and of the name and address of the sender or carrier thereof to the master or owner of the vessel at or before the time of sending the same to be shipped or taking the same on board the vessel, he shall for every such offence incur a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds: Provided that if such person show that he was merely an agent in the shipment of any such goods as aforesaid, and was not aware and did not suspect and had no reason to suspect that the goods shipped by him were of a dangerous nature, the penalty which he incurs shall not exceed ten pounds.

24. If any person knowingly sends or attemps to send by, or carries or attempts to carry in any vessel, British or foreign, any dangerous goods or goods of a dangerous nature under a false description, or falsely describes the sender or carrier thereof, he shall incur a penalty not exceeding five hundred pounds.

25. The master or owner of any vessel, British or foreign, may refuse to take on board any package or parcel which he suspects to contain goods of a dangerous nature, and may require it to be opened to ascertain the fact.

26. Where any dangerous goods as defined in this Act, or any goods which, in the judgment of the master or owner of the vessel, are of a dangerous nature, have been sent or brought aboard any vessel, British or foreign, without being marked as aforesaid, or without such notice having been given as aforesaid, the master or owner of the vessel may cause such goods to be thrown overboard, together with any package or receptacle in which they are contained; and neither the master nor the owner of the vessel shall, in respect of such throwing overboard, be subject to any liability, civil or criminal, in any court.

Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment Ch. 85.

405

27. Where any dangerous goods have been sent or carried, or attempted to be sent or carried, on board any vessel, British or foreign, without being marked as aforesaid, or without such notice having been given as aforesaid, and where any such goods have been sent or carried, or attempted to be sent or carried, under a false description, or the sender or carrier thereof has been falsely described, it shall be lawful for any court having Admiralty jurisdiction to declare such goods, and any package or receptacle in which they are contained, to be and they shall thereupon be forfeited, and when forfeited shall be disposed of as the court directs.

The court shall have and may exercise the aforesaid powers of forfeiture and disposal notwithstanding that the owner of the goods have not committed any offence under the provisions of this Act relating to dangerous goods, and be not before the court, and have not notice of the proceedings, and notwithstanding that there be no evidence to show to whom the goods belong; nevertheless the court may, in its discretion, require such notice as it may direct to be given to the owner or shipper of the goods before the same are forfeited.

28. The provisions of this Act relating to the carriage of dangerous goods shall be deemed to be in addition to and not in' substitution for or in restraint of any other enactment for the like object, so nevertheless that nothing in the said provisions shall be deemed to authorise that any person be sued or prosecuted twice in the same matter.

Miscellaneous and Repeal.

29. Where, in accordance with the Foreign Jurisdiction Acts, Her Majesty exercises jurisdiction within any port out of Her Majesty's dominions, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order in Council, to declare such port a port of registry (in this Act referred to as a foreign port of registry), and by the same or any subsequent Order in Council to declare the description of persons who are to be the registrars of British ships at such foreign port of registry, and to make regulations with respect to the registry of British ships thereat.

Upon such Order coming into operation it shall have effect as if it were enacted in the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1873, and shall, subject to any exceptions and regulations contained in the Order, apply in the same manner, as near as may be, as if the port mentioned in the Order were an ordinary port of registry.

30. There shall be paid in respect of the several measurements, inspections, and surveys mentioned in the third schedule hereto such fees, not exceeding those specified in that behalf in the said schedule, as the Board of Trade may from time to time determine.

Forfeiture of dangerous goods improperly sent.

Saving as to Dangerous Good9 Acts.

Her Majesty may, by Order in Council, declare certain foreign ports ports of registry-

Fees in respect of surveys, &c.

Ch. 85. Merchant Shipping Act* Amendment. 36 & 37 Vict.

Board of Trade may sue in name of its officers.

Certain sections not to come into force until 1st November 1873.

Repeal of certain sections of the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1862 and 1871; and of certain other sections of Merchant Shipping Acts, 1864, 1862, and 1871.

31. In any legal proceedings under the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1873, the Board of Trade may take proceedings in the name of any of their officers.

32. The following sections of this Act, that is to say, sections sixteen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, shall not come into operation until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

33. Section twenty-nine of the Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, and sections four and ten of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1871, are hereby repealed; and on and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, sections three hundred and twenty-seven and three hundred and twenty-nine of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, sections thirty-three and thirty-eight of the Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, and section nine of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1871, shall be repealed; but this repeal shall not affect —

(1.) Anything duly done before this Act comes into operation;

(2.) Any right acquired or liability accrued before this Act comes into operation;

(3.) Any penalty, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred or to be incurred in respect of any offence committed before this Act comes into operation; or,

(4.) The institution of any legal proceeding or any other remedy for ascertaining, enforcing, or recovering any such liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE I.

Signals of Distress.

In the daytime. — The following signals, numbered 1, 2, and 3, when used or displayed together or separately, shall be deemed to be signals of distress in the daytime:—

1. A gun fired at intervals of about a minute;

2. The International Code signal of distress indicated by N C;

3. The distant signal, consisting of a square flag having either

above or below it a ball, or anything resembling a ball.

At night. — The following signals, numbered 1, 2, and 3, when used or displayed together or separately, shall be deemed to be signals of distress at night: —

1. A gun fired at intervals of about a minute;

2. Flames on the ship (as from a burning tar barrel, oil barrel, &c.);

3. Rockets or shells, of any colour or description, fired one at a

time, at short intervals.

Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment Ch. 85.

467

SCHEDULE IL

Signals to be made by Ships wanting a Pilot.

In the daytime. — The following signals, numbered and 2, when used or displayed together or separately, shall be deemed to be signals for a pilot in the daytime, viz.

1. To be lioisted at the fore, the Jack or other national colour

usually worn by merchant ships, having round it a white border, one fifth of the breadth of the flag; or

2. The International Code pilotage signal indicated by P T.

At night. — The following signals, numbered and 2, when used or displayed together or separately, shall be deemed to be signals for a pilot at night, viz.:—

1. The pyrotechnic light commonly known as a blue light every

fifteen minutes; or

2. A bright white light, flashed or shown at short or frequent

intervals just above the bulwarks, for about a minute at a time.

SCHEDULE III.

Table of Maximum Fees to be paid for the Measurement. Survey, and Inspection of Merchant Ships.

1. For measv/rement of tonnage.

For a ship under 50 tons register tonnage - _ £ 1 s. 0 d. 0

» from 50 to 100 tons 99 - 1 10 0

100 to 200, 99 - 2 0 0

», 200 to 500, 99 - 3 0 0

99, 500 to 800, 99 - 4 0 0

99, 800 to 1, 200, 99 - 5 0 0

99, 1, 200 to 2,000, 99 - 6 0 0

99, 2,000 to 3,000, 99 - 7 0 0

» 3,000 to 4,000, 99 - 8 0 0

99, 4,000 to 5,000, 99 - 9 0 0

99, 5,000 and upwards 99 10 0 0

2. For the inspection of the berthing or sleeping accommodation of the crew.

£ 8. d.

For each visit to the ship - 0 10 0

Provided as follows:

1. The aggregate amount of the fees for any such inspection shall not exceed one pound (£1) whatever be the number of separate visits.

2. When the accommodation is inspected at the same time with the measurement of the tonnage, no separate fee shall be charged for such inspection.

Ch. 85, 86. Merchant Shipping Acts A mendment. 36 & 37 Vict.

4 OS

3. Fw the survey of emigrant ships.

£ s. d.

a. For an ordinary survey of the ship, and of her

equipments, accommodation, stores, light, ventilation, sanitary arrangements, and medical stores 10 0 0

b. For a special survey - - 15 0 0

c. In respect of the medical examination of passengers

and crew, for every hundred persons or fraction

of a hundred persons examined - - 10 0

4. For the inspection of lights and fog signals.

£ s. d.

For each visit made to a ship on the application of the owner, and for each visit made where the lights or fittings are found defective - 0 10 O

Provided that the aggregate amount of fees for any such inspection shall not exceed one pound (£1) whatever be the number of separate visits.

CHAPTER 86.

An Act to amend the Elementary Education Act (1870), and for other purposes connected therewith.

[5th August 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Elementary Education 33 & 34 Vict. Act, 1873; and this Act and the Elementary Education Act, c. 75. 1870 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), may be

cited together as the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873.

Construction 2. This Act shall be construed as one with the principal of Act. Act, and the expression "this Act" in the principal Act shall be construed to include this Act.

Eoopenses of Education.

i9 V?1 of 18 & 3. The Act of the session of the eighteenth and nineteenth

(Denison's 34* yfc&rs of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-four, Act), and «nb- intituled An Act to provide for the education of children other pr^ " in the receipt of outdoor relief," is hereby repealed as from visions. the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four; and in lieu thereof be it enacted as follows:

, 1873.

Elementary Education Act (1870) Amt Ch. 8G. 460

Where relief out of the workhouse is given by the guardians or their order by way of weekly or other continuing allowance to the parent of any child between five and thirteen years of age, or to any such child, it shall be a condition for the continuance of such relief that elementary education in reading, writing, and arithmetic shall (unless either there is some reasonable excuse within the meaning of section seventy-four of the principal Act, or the child has reached such standard of education as may from time to time be fixed for the purpose of this Act, so far as regards any district in which byelaws under section seventy-four of the principal Act are in force by any such byelaw, and in any other district by a minute of the Education Department, or the child is employed in pursuance of a certificate under "The Agricultural Children Act, 1873," and is not attending school,) be provided for such child, and the guardians shall give such further relief (if any) as may be necessary for that purpose.

Any such relief to a parent as above mentioned shall not be granted or refused on condition of the child attending any public elementary school other than such as may be selected by the parent.

The guardians shall not have power under this section to give any relief to a parent in order to enable such parent to pay more than the ordinary fee payable at the school which he selects, or more than one farthing for each attendance at such school, as defined by the minutes of the Education Department for the time being in force with respect to the Government grant.

All relief given by guardians under this section shall be paid out of their common fund, and where given by the guardians of any union in the metropolis as defined by the Metro- 30 & 31 Vict. politan Poor Act, 1867, shall be deemed to be expenses re- c* 6-payable from the Metropolitan Common Poor Fund, within the meaning of section sixty-nine of that Act, and shall be repaid to such guardians accordingly.

4. The Local Government Board shall have the like powers Power of Local with respect to guardians acting under and relief given in pursuance of this Act, as they have with respect to guardians and acting under and relief given in pursuance of the Acts relating dians. to the relief of the poor, and relief given in pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to be relief within the meaning of those Acts.

Elections.

5. The orders and regulations of the Education Department Confirmation of mentioned in the first schedule to this Act, and all orders of ordeT» to the Education Department incorporating the said orders or electlon8' 'c* regulations, so far as they so incorporate them, are hereby confirmed, and shall be deemed to have been duly made, and

Election of school board.

Overseers to allow inspection of rate books and otherwise assist returning officers.

Amendment of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. s. 91. as to corrupt practices at elections.

Questioning of election and resolution.

Amendment oi 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. s. 57. as to loans.

Ch. 86. Elementary Education Act (1870) Amt 36 & 37 Vict.

to have been within the powers contained in the principal Act, and shall continue in force until revoked or altered by any order made under the provisions of the principal Act as amended by this Act.

6. The principal Act shall be construed as if there were substituted for the rules numbered one and three in the first part of the second schedule to the principal Act the rules in the second schedule to this Act, and the references in the principal Act to the second schedule to that Act, or the first part of that schedule, shall be construed to refer to the said schedule or the first part thereof, with the provisions so substituted; but the said substitution shall not affect anything done before the passing of this Act.

7. If any overseer or other officer has in his possession or under his control any rate book or other document which under the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, or any order made thereunder, constitutes the register of persons entitled to vote at an election of a school board, or at the passing of a resolution for an application for a school board, and such overseer or other officer refuses or fails to comply with the directions of any order of the Education Department confirmed by this Act, or made in pursuance of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, with respect to the production, inspection, or copying of such book or document, ^or the assisting any returning officer at any such election or passing of a resolution, such overseer or officer shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for every day during which he so refuses or fails.

8. Every person who under the principal Act is disqualified by a conviction for corrupt practices at any election from exercising any franchise for any term of years shall be also disqualified during the same term of years from being a member of a school board and from holding any municipal office.

9. The election of any member of a school board, and the passing of a resolution for an application for a school board under the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, shall not be questioned except within six months after the declaration of the election of such member or of the passing of such resolution, whether such declaration was made before or after the passing of this Act.

Miscellaneous Amendments of 33 <fc 34 Vict. c. 75.

10. The principal Act and Acts referring thereto shall be construed as if, for section fifty-seven, which is repealed by this Act, there were substituted the following section:

1873.

Elementary Education Act (1870) Amt. Cfl. 86.

471

Where a school board have incurred or require to incur any expense, either —

(a.) in providing or enlarging a schoolhouse; or (6.) in paying off any debt charged on a schoolhouse provided by them, or on any land acquired by them by gift, transfer, purchase, or otherwise for the purposes of this Act; or (c.) in any works of improving or fitting up a school-house which, in the opinion of the Education Department, ought by reason of the permanent character of such works to be spread over a term of years,

they may, with the consent of the Education Department, spread the payment over such number of years not exceeding fifty, as may be sanctioned by the Education Department, and may, with the like consent, for that purpose borrow money on security of the school fund and local rate, and may charge that fund and the local rate with the payment of the principal and interest due in respect of the loan. They may, if they so agree with the mortgagee, pay the amount borrowed with the interest by equal annual instalments not exceeding fifty, and if they do not so agree they shall annually set aside one fiftieth of the sum borrowed as a sinking fund: Provided that no such consent of the Education Department shall be granted unless proof be given to their satisfaction that the additional school accommodation which it is proposed to supply is required in order to provide for the educational wants of the district:

For the purpose of such borrowing the clauses of "The lo&il Vict. Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to the c> 16# mortgages to be executed by the commissioners, shall be incorporated with this Act; and in the construction of those clauses for the purpose of this Act, this Act shall be deemed to be the special Act, and the school board which is borrowing shall be deemed to be the commissioners:

The Public Works Loan Commissioners may, on the recommendation of the Education Department* lend any money required under this section on the security of the school fund and local rate without requiring any further or other security, such loan to be repaid within such number of years not exceeding fifty, as may be recommended by the Education Department, and to bear interest at the rate of three and a half per cent, per annum.

The said substitution shall not affect anything done before the passing of this Act, except that anything done before the passing of this Act which would have been legal if the said substitution had been made shall be legal

Rr 2

Amendment of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. ss. 12, 40.

Union of detached parts of parishes for purposes of Act.

Power of school board to accept gifts for educational purposes.

1L The provisions of section twelve of the principal Act shall extend to authorise the Education Department, if they think fit, to form a united school district, and upon such union to cause a school board to be formed for such united school district, in like manner and under the like circumstances as it authorises them to cause a school board to be formed for any school district, without making the inquiry or publishing the notices required by the principal Act, but after such inquiry, public or other, and such notice as the Education Department think sufficient: Provided that a resolution in favour of union shall be passed in each district separately, and if a school board has been elected in any such district, by the school board.

12, Where any part of a parish is detached from the principal part of a parish, the Education Department may, with the consent of the Local Government Board, by order direct that each such part of the said parish shall, and the same shall accordingly, as from the date of the order or any later date specified in the order, be, for the purposes of the principal Act and this Act, a parish by itself, and section fifty-seven of the principal Act shall apply thereto in like manner as if such part of a parish were the part of a parish situate outside a borough.

The provisions of section fifty-six of the principal Act, with respect to raising a sum from any place which is part of a parish, shall, where necessary, apply to a part of a parish, although under this section it is deemed to be a parish by itself.

13. A school board shall be able and be deemed always to have been able to be constituted trustees for any educational endowment or charity for purposes connected with education, whether such endowment or charity was established before or after the passing of the principal Act, and to have and always to have had power to accept any real or personal property given to them as an educational endowment or upon trust for any purposes connected with education: Provided that —

(1.) Nothing in this section shall enable a school board to be trustees for or accept any educational endowment, charity, or trust, the purposes of which are inconsistent with the principles on which the school board are required by section fourteen of the principal Act to conduct schools provided by them; and,

(2.) Every school connected with such endowment, charity, or trust shall be deemed to be a school provided by the school board, except that nothing in this section shall authorise the school board to expend any money out of the local rate for any purpose other than elementary education; and,

Elementary Education, Act (1870) Amt. Ch. 86.

473

(3.) Nothing in this section shall affect the law of mortmain or the Act of the ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, chapter thirty-six.

14. Where a school board exercises the powers of a prison Amendment of authority'under the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, not less than g9*88g fourteen days, instead of not less than two months, previous applied to notice shall be given of the intention of the school board to school boards, take into consideration the making of the contribution mentioned in section twelve of that Act.

15. For the purpose of the purchase of land otherwise than Amendment of by agreement under section twenty of the principal Act, the 33 34 ^ct* Act confirming an order of the Education Department for

such purchase, together with the principal Act, shall be deemed to be the special Act.

16. The principal Act shall be construed as if there were Valuation list substituted for sub-section ten of section thirty-seven thereof m Metropoliy' the following words:

The school board shall apportion the amount required to be raised to meet the deficiency in the school fund among the different parts of the metropolis mentioned in the third column of the first schedule to this Act, in proportion to the rateable value of such parts, as shown by the valuation lists for the time being in force under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, or any other Act for making valuation lists, or, where there is no such valuation list, in the same proportion and according to the same basis in and according to which the then last rate made by the Metropolitan Board of Works was assessed.

The said substitution shall not affect anything done before the passing of this Act, except that anything done before the passing of this Act which would have been legal if the said substitution had been made shall be legal.

17. The accounts of a school board shall be made up and Making up ami balanced to the twenty-fifth day of March and twenty-ninth ^tgtion of day of September in every year, or, if so directed by regulation under this Act, annually to one of those days in every

year.

The accounts shall be examined by the school board and signed by the chairman within such time, not exceeding two months after the day to which they are made up, as may be fixed by a regulation under this Act.

As soon as practicable after the accounts are so signed they shall be audited.

18. The principal Act shall be construed as if for sub-sec- Amendment of tion nine of section sixty thereof there were substituted the 83 34 Vict *

-, ., J c. 75. s. 60.

following words:

Subject to the provisions of this section, the Local Government Board may from time to time make such regulations Rr 3

Extension of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. 8. 70. to returns.

Notices for purposes of Elementary Education Acts.

Amendment of 33 & 84 Vict. c. 75. Srdsched.

Returns by schools to school boards.

Ch. 86. El^mmtaryEduc<Ui4mAd (1870) Amt. 36 & 37 Vict.

as may be necessary respecting the form of keeping the accounts, the audit thereof, the mode of publishing the time and place of holding the audit, the time within which the accounts are to be examined by the school board and "signed by the chairman, and (with the consent of the Education Department,) the school boards or class of school boards the accounts of which are to be made up only annually, and the day to which they are to be so made up in every year.

The said substitution shall not affect anything done before the passing of this Act, except that anything done before the passing of this Act which would have been legal if the said substitution had been made, shall be legal.

19. Where the Education Department have power under the principal Act to require any local authority to send to them a return, the Education Department, without requiring such local authority to make the return, shall have the same power of appointing a person or persons to make such return as they would have under section seventy of the principal Act if the local authority had been required to make and had failed to make such return.

20. Notices and other matters required by the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, to be published shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be published either by advertisement, and by affixing the same on the doors of churches and chapels, and other public places, or in such other manner as the Education Department may either generally or with respect to any particular district, place, or notice, or class of districts, places, or notices, by order determine, as being in their opinion sufficient for giving information to all persons interested; and all overseers, assistant overseers, and officers of guardians shall comply with the directions of the Education Department with respect to such notices, and any expenses incurred by them in carrying into effect this section may be paid as their expenses under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor.

Every person who wilfully tears down, injures, or defaces any notice affixed in pursuance of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, or any order of the Education Department made thereunder, shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

21. The regulations in the third schedule to this Act shall be substituted for the regulations in the third schedule to the principal Act which are repealed by this Act, but such substitution shall not affect anything done before the passing of this Act.

22. In any school district in which a byelaw under section seventy-four of the principal Act is in force, the school board

475

1873. Elementary Education Act (1870) Amt Ch. 86.

of such district may from time to time supply forms to any public elementary school for the purpose of obtaining reasonable information with respect to the attendance of children residing in their district who attend such school; and the managers of such school, if they fail to cause such forms to be truly filled up and returned in manner required by the school board, or to cause such information to be given as will enable the school board to ascertain whether a child resident -within their district and' attending that school attends the same in manner required by the said byelaw, shall cause to be produced to such member or officer of the school board or other person as may be duly authorised in that behalf by the school board at any reasonable time when required by him, the registers and other books and documents containing information with respect to the attendance of children at such school, and shall permit him to inspect and take copies of and extracts from the same.

If any difference arises between a school board and the managers of a public elementary school as to whether the information required by the said forms is or is not reasonable, such difference shall be referred to the Education Department, whose decision shall be final. %

Legal Proceedings.

23, All offences and penalties under the principal Act or Legal this Act, or any byelaw under the principal Act, which may be proceedings, prosecuted or recovered on summary conviction may be prosecuted and recovered in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

The court of summary jurisdiction, when hearing and determining an information or complaint, shall be constituted either of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions sitting at a place appointed for holding petty sessions, or of some magistrate or officer sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice, and for the time being empowered by law to do alone any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace.

24. With respect to proceedings before a court of summary Regulations as

jurisdiction for offences and penalties under the principal Act, pro-

or this Act, or any byelaw under the principal Act, the following c Dg8' provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The description of the offence in the words of the Act or byelaw, or as near thereto as may be, shall be sufficient in law:

(2.) Any exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualification, whether it does or not accompany the description of the offence in the Act or byelaw, may be proved by the defendant, but need not be specified or negatived

476

in the information, and if so specified or negatived no proof in relation to the matters so specified or negatived shall be required on the part of the informant: (3.) In any proceeding for an offence under a byelaw, the court may, instead of inflicting a penalty, make an order directing that the child shall attend school, and that if he fail so to do, the person on whom such order is made shall pay a penalty not exceeding the penalty to which he is liable for failing to comply with the byelaw:

(4.) Any justice may require by summons any parent or employer of a child, required by a byelaw to attend school, to produce the child before a court of summary jurisdiction, and any person failing, without reasonable excuse to the satisfaction of the court, to comply with such summons shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings:

(5.) A certificate purporting to be under the hand of the principal teacher of a public elementary school, stating that a child is or is not attending such school, or stating the particulars of the attendance of a child at such school, or stating that a child has been certified by one of Her Majesty's inspectors to have reached a particular standard of education, shall be evidence of the facts stated in such certificate:

(6.) Where a child is apparently of the age alleged for the purposes of the proceeding, it shall lie on the defendant to prove that the child is not of such age:

(7.) If a child is attending an elementary school which is not a public elementary school, it shall lie on the defendant to show that the school is efficient, and the court, in considering whether any elementary school is efficient, shall have regard to the age of the child and to the standard of education corresponding to such age prescribed by the minutes of the Education Department for the time being in force with respect to the parliamentary grant:

(8.) Where a school board are, by reason of the default of the managers or proprietor of an elementary school unable to ascertain whether a child who is resident within the district of such school board and attends such school attefids school in conformity with a byelaw made by such school board, it shall lie on the defendant to show that the child has attended school in conformity with the byelaw:

(9.) Any person may appear by any member of his family or any other person authorised by him in this behalf.

Forgery of cer* 25. Every person who forges or counterfeits any certificate tiftcate, and which is by this Act made evidence of any matter, or gives or

Elementary Education Act (1870) Amt. Ch. 86.

477

signs any such certificate which is to his knowledge false in any material particular, or, knowing any such certificate to be forged, counterfeit, or false, makes use thereof, shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour.

Definitions and Repeal.

26. The schedules to this Act shall be of the same force as if they were enacted in the body of this Act.

27. In this Act —

The term "guardians" includes any body of persons performing the functions of guardians within the meaning of the Acts relating to the relief of the poor: The term "union" means any union or incorporation of parishes under any general or local Act, and any single parish having guardians as defined by this Act under any general or local Act:

The term "common fund " means, in the case of a union which comprises only one parish, the fund applicable to the relief of the poor of such parish:

The term "the Summary Jurisdiction Acts" means the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the performance of the " duties of Justices of the Peace out of sessions within " England and Wales with respect to summary convictions and orders," inclusive of any Acts amending the same:

The term "court of summary jurisdiction" means any justice or justices of the peace, metropolitan police magistrate, stipendiary or other magistrate or officer, by whatever name called, to whom jurisdiction is given by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

28. The principal Act is hereby repealed, to the extent specified in the third column of the fourth schedule to this Act.

Provided that —

(1.) Any order or regulation of the Education Department made under any enactment hereby repealed shall continue in force as if it had been made under this Act:

(2.) Any school board elected under any enactment hereby repealed shall continue and be deemed to have been elected under this Act:

(3.) The repeal of any Act or enactment by this Act shall not —

(a.) Affect anything duly done or suffered under any such Act or enactment; or

giving false information.

Schedules part of Act.

Interpretation. " Guardians."

" Union."

u Common fund.' *

" Summary Jurisdiction Acts."

" Court of

summary

jurisdiction."

Repeal and savings.

Ch. 86. Elementary Education Act (1870) Amt. 36 & 37 Vict.

(b.) Affect any right, privilege, obligation, or liability acquired, accrued, or incurred, under any such Act or enactment, or byelaw; or (c.) Affect any penalty, forfeiture, or punishment incurred in respect of any offence committed against any such Act, enactment, or byelaw; or (d.) Affect any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, privilege, obligation, liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid; and any such investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be carried on as if this Act had not passed.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Orders and Regulations of the Education Department relating to Elections of and Applications for School Boards.

7th October 1870.

27th October 1870. 27th October 1870. 21st December 1870.

21st December 1870.

6th January 1871. 15th March 1873.

Order fixing the boundaries of the divisions of the metropolis, with the number of members to be elected by each division, and appointing the returning officer for the first election of the school board for London and his deputies.

Order regulating the first election of the school board for London.

General regulations for the first election of school boards in boroughs.

General regulations for the first election of school boards in parishes not situate within municipal boroughs, or within the Metropolis.

General regulations as to passing resolutions for application for school boards in parishes not situate within municipal boroughs or within the Metropolis.

Regulations for the first election of a school board for the district of the local board of Oxford.

General regulations as to the formation of united school districts.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rules respecting Election of Members of a School Board.

(1.) The election of a school board shall be held at such time and in such manner and in accordance with such regulations as the Education Department may from time to time by order prescribe; and the Education Department may by order appoint or direct the

47»

appointment and make regulations as to the duties, remuneration, and expenses of any officers requisite for the purpose of such election, and do and make regulations respecting all other necessary things preliminary or incidental to such election, and revoke or alter any previous order, whether confirmed by or made in pursuance of this

Provided as follows:

(a.) The candidates at every election shall be nominated in writing:

(A) Any poll shall, so far as circumstances admit, be conducted in like manner in wlfich the poll at a contested municipal election is directed by the Ballot Act, 1872, to be conducted; and, subject to any exceptions or modifications contained in any order of the Education Department made in pursuance of this Act, the Ballot Act, 1872, shall apply in the case 35 & 36 Vict. of the election of a school board in like manner as if the c* 83-provisions thereof were herein enacted with the substitution of " school board election " for ft municipal election

(c.) In a parish which is not situate in the city of London or in a borough, other than the borough of Oxford, the book containing the last rate made for such parish more than one month previously to any date shall be the register of the ratepayers entitled to vote in such parish at that date; and every ratepayer whose name appears in such rate book shall be entitled do vote unless he is disqualified for voting, and no person shall be entitled to vote whose name does not so appear.

(2.) Elections to fill casual vacancies in the Metropolis and elsewhere shall be held only on the day in the year appointed or prescribed for the election of members, unless the Education Department order an election to be held on some other day, in pursuance of the rule numbered sixteen in the first part of the second schedule to the principal Act.

(3.) An order made in pursuance of this schedule shall, save as otherwise provided by such order, apply to all school boards.

The following regulations shall be construed as part of the conditions mentioned in rule one in the third schedule to the principal Act; that is to say,

(A) Not less than one ordinary meeting shall be held in each month, but where the board ordinarily meet more than once in every month, they may, by resolution passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the members present and voting on the question, resolve not to have an ordinary meeting in the months of August and September, or one of such months. One meeting shall be held as soon as possible after every triennial election of members:

(/.) The names of the members present, and in the case of a division the names of those voting upon each question shall be recorded:

Act.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Proceedings of School Board.

480

(gr.) No business involving the appointment or dismissal of a teacher, any new expense, or any payment (except the ordinary periodical payments), or any business which under this Act requires the consent of the Education Department, shall be transacted unless notice in writing of such business has been sent to every member four days at least before the meeting.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Act repealed.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

34 & 36 Vict. c. 75. The Elementary Education Act, The sub-section numbered ten in section thirty-seven; section fifty-seven; section fifty-nine;

1870. 1 I t I i t I i the sub-section numbered nine in section sixty; sections eighty and eighty-nine; section ninety, from " knowingly personate " to "voting in any such election or;" the rules numbered one and three in the first part of the second schedule; so much of the rule numbered six in the third part of the second schedule as relates to fixing a day for a casual election, and the conditions in rule one of the third schedule marked (b.) (/.) and fa.)

CHAPTER 87.

An Act to continue and amend the Endowed Schools Act, 1869.

[5th August 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Construction of J, This Act shall be construed as one with the Endowed telaud short Schools Act, 1869 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), 32 & 33 Vict. and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as c. 56. the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 and 1873, and this Act may

be cited as the Endowed Schools Act, 1873.

481

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Commence-September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, ment of Act* which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of

this Act.

3. Where an endowed school, not being a grammar school Exception of as defined by the Act of the session of the third and fourth

years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy- 32 & 38 Vict. seven, or a department of such a grammar school, is at the c. 56., and ap-commencement of this Act an elementary school within the ^33 meaning of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and the gross Vict. c. 75.s.75. average annual income of the aggregate educational endowments of such school during the three years next before such commencement did not exceed one hundred pounds, in such case after the commencement of this Act nothing in the principal Act shall apply to such school or the endowments thereof and section seventy-five of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, shall apply to such school and the endowments thereof in like manner as if it were a school which, at the commencement of the principal Act, was in receipt of an annual parliamentary grant, and schemes may accordingly be Iramed, submitted, and approved under the said section with reference to such school and endowments.

Provided that nothing in this section shall prevent the Commissioners from making, on the application of the governing body of an endowment of which part only is an educational endowment to which this section applies, a scheme dealing in pursuance of the principal Act, with the part of such endowment applicable or applied to other charitable uses, and in such case the scheme may deal with the endowed school and endowment thereof in like manner as if this section had not been enacted.

The governing body of every school to which this section applies may, if they think fit, charge such fees to the scholars as may from time to time be approved by the Committee of Council on Education, and shall permit the school to be inspected and the scholars therein to be examined by one of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools at such times and in such manner as the Committee of Council on Education may from time to time direct.

The certificate of the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales that a school is or is not a school to which this section applies shall be conclusive evidence of the fact for the purposes of the principal Act and this section.

4. Where any endowment, or any right of holding or any Extension of power of government of or management over any endowment, Endowed

or any power of appointing officers, teachers, exhibitioners, or endowments, others, either in any endowed school or with emoluments out &c. Tested in ' of any endowment, is vested in Her Majesty in right of her in

Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster, the Endowed Schools cf0Wn or e S s

482

Ch. 87. ETvitowedScImfoAd^ 36 & 37 Vict.

Duchy of Lan- Acts, 1869 and 1873, shall extend to such endowment, right, c*8* or power; and the term "governing body " in those Acts

shall be deemed to include Her Majesty:

Provided that —

(1.) Any scheme with respect to such endowment, right, or power shall not be approved by the Committee of Council on Education unless Her Majesty assent to such scheme:

(2.) All notices and documents required to be served on or sent to a governing body for the purposes of the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 and 1873, may be served on or sent to the Lord Chancellor or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, as the case may require:

(3.) With the consent of Her Majesty, a scheme may deal with any such right or power without saving or making due compensation therefor:

(4.) Any assent or consent of Her Majesty required for the purpose of the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869 and 1873, may be signified by Her Majesty's Sign Manual, countersigned by the Lord Chancellor or by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, as the case may require.

Amendment of 5. It shall be the duty of the Commissioners in every 32 33 ^ict* scheme to have the same regard to the educational interests of persons in a particular class in life as they are by section eleven of the principal Act required to have to the educational interests of any particular class of persons.

Amendment of Qm Where under the express terms of the original instru-32 Sf! men^ foundation of any endowed school or educational

to holders of endowment the holder of any particular office is a member of office being the governing body of the school or endowment, nothing in ^wnhig11 section seventeen of the principal Act shall be deemed to

body. prevent the holder for the time being of such office from being

retained as a member of the governing body of such school or endowment.

Extension of 7. A scheme relating to any educational endowment origi-c256 3s3 r91Cas na% given to charitable uses since the passing of the Act of to schools ex- the fitst year of the reign of William and Mary, chapter cepted from the eighteen (commonly called the Toleration Act), if by the toreliSon* ©xPress terms of the original instrument of foundation, or of the statutes or regulations made by the founder, or under his authority in his lifetime, or within fifty years after his death (which terms have been observed down to the commencement of the principal Act), it is required that the majority of the members of the governing body or that the majority of the persons electing the governing body of such endowment, or that the principal teacher employed in the school, or that the

483

1873. Endowed Schools Act (1869) Amendment. Ch. 87.

scholars educated by the endowment, shall be members of a particular church, sect, or denomination, shall be excepted from the provisions of the principal Act mentioned in section nineteen of the principal Act in like manner as a scheme mentioned in that section, and that section shall be construed as if a scheme relating to such an educational endowment as is above in this section mentioned were a scheme relating to an educational endowment mentioned in sub-section two of the said section.

8. Whereas by section twenty-five of the principal Act Amendment of it is enacted as follows: Where an endowment or part of 32 & as Vict. u an endowment originally given to charitable uses less than £newendow? " fifty years before the commencement of this A(A has, by ment mixed

" reason of having been spent on school buildings or teachers , with old build" " residences, or playground or gardens attached to suchmg8,

" buildings or residences, become so mixed with an old en-

dowment given more than fifty years before the passing of tc this Act, that in the opinion of the Commissioners (subject u to appeal to Her Majesty in Council) it cannot conveniently u be separated from such old endowment, then the whole " endowment shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be an endowment originally given to charitable uses more " than fifty years before the commencement of this Act," and it is expedient to amend the said section: Be it therefore enacted, that —

Where it appears to the Commissioners (subject to appeal to Her Majesty in Council) that the endowment originally given less than fifty years before the commencement of the principal Act is in value not less than the old endowment and was given under the belief that the old endowment was attached to some particular church, sect, or denomination, a scheme relating to such endowment shall provide for the giving of religious instruction to the scholars belonging to such church, sect, or denomination.

9. Where two or more schools are jointly interested in an Scheme as to educational endowment, and one of such schools is a school endowments in mentioned in section three of "The Public Schools Act, 1868, "

the Commissioners shall not, without the consent of the special Vict. c. ns. Commissioners for the time being under "The Public Schools are interested. Act, 1868," deal by any scheme with the interest of such last-mentioned school in the endowment, but, with the consent of those Commissioners to the dealing with such interest, may, by a scheme under the principal Act, deal with such interest as well as with all other interests in such endowment

10. A provision inserted in pursuance of section twenty- Explanation of eight of the principal Act in any scheme, whether made before 82 & 33 Vict or after the passing of this Act, shall not be deemed to give 58*8- 2.8*as the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales any power schemes11011 °

Ss 2

484

Ch. 87. UndowedSohoola Act(1869) Amendment.36 & 37 Vict.

Alteration of

religions

instruction.

Amendment of 32 & 38 Vict. c. 56. ss. 34 to 36., as to time for objections to schemes.

Amendment of 32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. s. 37., as to approval of Committee of Conned on Education to schemes.

to alter any portions of such scheme except by a scheme established in pursuance of the Acts for the time being in force relating to such Charity Commissioners, or any of those Acts, and upon the same application, and after the same procedure and notices, and subject to the same right of appeal as a scheme established under those Acts by the Charity Commissioners in the exercise of their ordinary jurisdiction.

11. Where a scheme under the principal Act gives the governing body of any endowed school power to make regulations respecting the religious instruction given at such school, the scheme shall also provide for any alteration in such regulations not taking effect until the expiration of not less than one year after notice of the making of the alteration is given.

12. Whereas by section thirty-four of the principal Act it is provided as follows: " During three months after the " first publication of the draft of a scheme the Commissioners shall receive any objections or suggestions made to " them in writing respecting such scheme, and shall receive " any alternative scheme submitted to them by the governing " body of any endowment to which the scheme of the Commissioners relatesand it is expedient to reduce the said period of three months to two months:

Be it therefore enacted, that —

" Two months" shall be substituted for "three months" in the said section, and all references in the principal Act to the said three months shall be construed to refer to the said two months.

13. The Committee of Council on Education as soon as a scheme is submitted to them shall, before approving the same, cause the scheme to be published and circulated in such manner as they think sufficient for giving information to all persons interested, together with a notice stating that during one month after the first publication of such notice the Committee of Council on Education will receive any objections or suggestions made to them in writing respecting such scheme.

After the expiration of the said month the Committee of Council 'on Education may, if they think fit, approve the scheme or may remit the scheme, with such declaration as the nature of the case seems to them to require, to the Commissioners; and section forty of the principal Act, as to the proceedings where a scheme is remitted with a declaration, shall in such case apply.

The Committee of Council on Education as soon as they approve a scheme shall forthwith cause the scheme so approved to be published and circulated in such manner as they think sufficient for giving information to all persons interested, together with a notice stating that unless within two months

1873. Hridowed Schools Act (1869) AiYwndm&nt. Ch. 87.

485

after the publication of the scheme when approved a petition is presented in pursuance of the principal Act to Her Majesty in Council against the scheme, or such petition as in this section mentioned is presented to the Committee of Council on Education, such scheme may be approved by Her Majesty without being laid before Parliament.

During the said two months a petition praying that the scheme may be laid before Parliament may be presented to the Committee of Council on Education by the governing body of the endowment to which the scheme relates, or by the council of any municipal borough directly affected by the scheme, or by any inhabitant ratepayers (not less than twenty) of any municipal borough or place directly affected by the scheme.

14. Whereas by section thirty-nine of the principal Act it Amendment of is provided that Her Majesty may by Order in Council refer 33^icta*g any petition to Her Majesty in Council for the consideration appeal to and advice of five members at the least of her Privy Council, Queen in of whom two, not including the Lord President, shall be CoxmciL members of the Judicial Committee, and it is expedient to provide that such petition should be heard by persons of legal experience: Be it therefore enacted, that —

Every such petition to Her Majesty in Council in pursuance of section thirty-nine of the principal Act shall be referred to the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council in like manner as if it were an appeal from a court from which an appeal lies to Her Majesty m Council, and the Judicial Committee shall hear and deal with such petitions in like manner as such appeals, and shall have the same power with respect to the costs of parties to the petition and otherwise as they have with respect to any such appeal, and shall make to Her Majesty a report or recommendation thereon (the nature of which shall be stated in open court) in like manner as in the case of any such appeal.

Any power by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, conferred on Her Majesty of directing that appeals which ought to be heard by the Judicial Committee shall be heard by the appellate branch of such Court shall, if Her Majesty in Council thinks fit so to direct, apply to petitions presented in pursuance of the said section thirty-nine in like manner as if they were appeals, and if either an Order in Council relating to other appeals or any separate Order in Council direct that such petitions be referred for hearing to and be heard by the appellate branch of the said Court, the same shall be referred to and heard by that branch of the Court accordingly.

15: If, at the expiration of the time for a petition to Her Laying of

Majesty in Council against any scheme, no such petition has fh*?ne# bforej, Parliament, and

been presented, and no petition praying that the scheme be approval of

Ch. 87. Endowed Schools Act (1869) Amendment. 36 & 37 Vict.

Her Majesty in Council.

Annual report.

Continuance of powers of making schemes.

Graduate of any university of the United Kingdom, if otherwise fit, shall he held qualified where the statutes require the head master to be a graduate of Oxford or Cambridge.

laid before Parliament has been presented in pursuance of this Act to the Committee of Council on Education, it shal] be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to declare her approbation of such scheme without the same being laid before Parliament.

If any such petition has been presented, the scheme shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and shall be so laid forthwith, if Parliament is then sitting, after the expiration of the time for the presentation of a petition to Her Majesty in Council, or (if a petition is presented to Her Majesty in Council against the scheme) after any later date at which the petition is withdrawn, or Her Majesty in Council directs the scheme to be laid before Parliament, and if Parliament be not then sitting, shall be so laid within three weeks after the beginning of the next ensuing session of Parliament; and if such scheme has lain before Parliament for not less than two months during the same session, then unless an address has been presented within such two months by one or other of the Houses of Parliament praying Her Majesty to withhold Her consent from such scheme or any part thereof, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to declare her approbation of such scheme or any part thereof to which such address does not relate.

16. The Commissioners shall make to the Committee of Council on Education in every year a report of their proceedings under the principal Act and this Act, and such report shall be laid before Parliament. Such report shall describe all schemes not laid before Parliament which have been approved by Her Majesty during the year for which such report is made.

17. The power of making and approving a scheme under the principal Act as amended by this Act shall continue as respects unopposed schemes until thirty-first December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and as respects schemes against which a petition shall have been presented to the Committee of Council on Education, as in this Act provided, until the fifteenth August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and no longer.

18. Whenever according to the rules, regulations, statutes, trusts, or constitution of any school, being an endowed school within the meaning of "The Endowed Schools Act, 1869," and with regard to which the said Commissioners are thereby empowered to make a new scheme, the head master or any other master is required to be a graduate of some specified university or universities, a graduate of any university of the United Kingdom having the degree which would be a qualification if it had been granted by one of the said specified universities, shall in future, if otherwise qualified, be eligible as such head master or other master.

487

19. Where a scheme has been laid before Parliament during Application of the present session, but has not at the expiration of such session £fore Par-lain for forty days before Parliament, and no address has been Hament during presented by either House of Parliament praying Her Majesty present session, to withhold her consent from such scheme or any part thereof,

the Committee of Council on Education may, if they think fit, cause to be published and circulated, in such manner as they think sufficient for giving information to all persons interested, a notice stating that unless within two months after the first publication of the notice such petition as is in this section mentioned is presented to the Committee of Council on Education such scheme may be forthwith approved by Her Majesty.

During the said two months a petition praying that the scheme may lie before Parliament during two months as directed by this Act may be presented to the Committee of Council on Education by any governing body, council, or ratepayers, who would, if such scheme were approved by such Committee after the commencement of this Act, be authorised by this Act to present a petition praying that such scheme may be laid before Parliament.

If no such petition is presented within the said two months it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to declare her approbation of such scheme in like manner as if it had lain for forty days before Parliament in accordance with the principal Act.

Any scheme to which this section applies and which is not approved by Her Majesty under this section shall continue to lie before Parliament, and the provisions of this Act shall apply in like manner as if such scheme had been laid before Parliament in pursuance of this Act.

20. The principal Act is hereby repealed as from the com- Repeat mencement of this Act to the extent mentioned in the third column of the schedule to this Act: Provided that this repeal shall not —

(a.) Affect anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; or

(6.) Affect any right, obligation, or liability acquired or incurred under any such enactment; or

(c.) Affect any legal proceeding or remedy in respect of such right, obligation, or liability.

488

[Short title.]

Interpretation.

Ch. 87, 88. Endowed Schools Act (1869) Amendt. 36 & 37 Vict. SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words or other part first or last mentioned or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

32 & 33 Vict. The Endowed Section thirty-seven down to "all persons interested," section thirty-nine from "Her Majesty by Oraer in Council may refer any such " petition/9 down to " information for obtaining a scheme," and section forty-one, except as regards schemes which have lain for forty days before Parliament before the commencement of this Act.

c. 56. Schools Act,

1869.

CHAPTER 88.

0

An Act for consolidating with Amendments the Acts for carrying into effect Treaties for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade, and for other purposes connected with the Slave Trade.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS divers treaties for the more effectual sup pression of the slave trade have been made by or on behalf of Her Majesty and Her Royal predecessors with foreign states, and the Acts mentioned in the second schedule to tins Act have been passed for carrying into effect the said treaties or some of them:

And whereas it is expedient to consolidate the said Acts into one Act, and to make provision for carrying into effect the said treaties, and any treaty which may hereafter be made by or on behalf of Her Majesty with any foreign state for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Slave Trade Act, 1873.

2. In this Act —

The term "the Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

1873.

Slave Trade (Consolidation)*.

Ch. 88.

489

The term "the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral:

The term u vessel" means any vessel used in navigation: The term "British possession" means any plantation, territory, settlement, or place situate within Her Majesty's dominions, and not forming part of the United Kingdom:

The term "governor" includes the officer for the time being administering the government of any colony; and where there is a local governor or lieutenant-governor under a governor-general, means the local governor or lieutenant-governor:

The term "the Slave Trade Act, 1824," means the Act of the session of the fifth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter one hundred and thirteen, intituled An Act to amend and consolidate the laws u relating to the abolition of the slave trade :"

The term "foreign state" includes any foreign nation, people, tribe, sovereign, prince, chief, or headman:

The term "vessel of a foreign state" means a vessel which is justly entitled to claim the protection of the flag of a foreign state, or which would be so entitled if she did not lose such protection by being engaged in the slave trade:

The term "treaty" includes any convention, agreement, engagement, or arrangement:

The term "slave trade" when used in relation to any particular treaty does not include anything declared by such treaty not to be comprised in the term or in such treaty:

The term "Vice-Admiralty Court " does not include any Vice-Admiralty Court which for the time being has under its commission a limited jurisdiction only in matters relating to the slave trade:

The term "British slave court" means the High Court of Admiralty of England, every Vice-Admiralty Court in Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom, and every East African Court for the time being within the meaning of the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873:

The term slave court" means every British slave court, every mixed commission or court established under any existing slave trade treaty, and the court of any foreign state having jurisdiction to try and condemn a vessel engaged in the slave trade:

The term "existing slave trade treaty" means a treaty made^by or on behalf of Her Majesty or Her Royal predecessors with any foreign state for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade and in force at the passing of this Act.

Slave Trade (ConmUdation). 36 & 37 Vict.

Visitation and seizure by cruisers, &c. oi suspected slave ships.

Vessels equipped for traffic in slaves to be deemed engaged in the slave trade.

Seizure of Slave Ships *

3. Where a vessel is, on reasonable grounds, suspected of being engaged in or fitted out for the slave trade, it shall (subject, in the case either of the vessel of a foreign state, or of the commander or officer of a cruiser of a foreign state, to the limitations, restrictions, and regulations, if any, applicable thereto contained in any existing slave trade treaty made with such state) be lawful —

(a.) If the vessel is a British vessel, or is engaged in the slave trade within British jurisdiction, or is not a vessel of a foreign state, for any commander or officer of any of Her Majesty's ships, for any officer bearing Her Majesty's commission in the army or navy, for any officer of Her Majesty's customs in the United Kingdom, Channel Islands, or Isle of Man, for the governor of a British possession, or any person authorised by any such governor, and for any commander or officer of any cruiser of a foreign state authorised in pursuance of any existing slave trade treaty; and

(b.) If the vessel is the vessel of a foreign state, for any commander or officer of any of Her Majesty's ships, when duly authorised in that behalf, in pursuance of any treaty with that state, and for any commander or officer of any cruiser of that foreign state, to visit and seise and detain such vessel, and to seize and detain any person found detained or reasonably suspected of having been detained as a slave, for the purpose of the slave trade, on board any such vessel, and to cany away such vessel and person, together with the master and all persons, goods, and effects on board any such vessel, for the purpose of bringing in such vessel, person, goods, mid effects for adjudication.

All vessels, slaves, persons, goods, and effects which may be forfeited under the enactments with which this Act is to be construed as one, as herein-after mentioned, may be visited, seized, and detained by any commander, officer, governor, or person authorised by this section to seize a British vessel.

4. Where any of the particulars mentioned in the first schedule to this Act are found in the equipment or on board of any vessel visited, seized, or detained in pursuance of this Act, such vessel shall, unless the contrary be proved, be deemed to be fitted out for the purposes of and engaged in the slave trade, and in such case, even though the vessel is restored, no damages shall be awarded against the seizor under this Act in respect of such visitation, seizure, or detention, or otherwise upon such restoration.

Ca. 88.

491

1873. Slave Trade (Ckmsolidation).

Provided that this section shall not extend to the vessel of any foreign state except so far as may be consistent with the treaty made with such state.

Courts.

5. The High Court of Admiralty of England and every Vice-Admiralty Court in Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom shall have jurisdiction to try and condemn or restore any vessel, slave, goods, and effects, alleged to be seized, detained, or forfeited, in pursuance of this Act, and on restoring the same to award such damages in respect of the visitation, seizure, and detention of such vessel, goods, and effects, and of any person on board such vessel, and in respect of any act or thing done in relation to such visitation, seizure, or detention, or in respect of any of such matters, and in any case to make such order as to costs as, subject to the provisions of this Act and of any existing slave trade treaty, the court may think just.

Provided that nothing in this section shall give to any court any jurisdiction inconsistent with any existing slave trade treaty over a vessel which is shown to such court to be the vessel of any foreign state and which has not been engaged within British jurisdiction in the slave trade, but where any vessel of a foreign state is liable to be condemned by a British slave court, such! court shall have the same jurisdiction as if she were a British vessel

Each of the said courts shall have the Bame jurisdiction in regard to any person who has been seized, either at sea or on land, on the ground that he has or is suspected to have been detained as a slave, for the purpose of the slave trade, as the court would have under this section if he had been so detained on, board a vessel that was seized and brought in for adjudication.

6. Where any vessel or slave seized by the commander or officer of the cruiser of any foreign state is brought in for adjudication in a British slave court, all proceedings for the condemnation of such vessel and slave, and the goods and effects on board such vessel, shall be taken in the name of Her Majesty by some person duly authorised in that behalf

Mixed Cowrie.

7. Where any existing slave trade treaty contains provisions for the time being in force for the appointment of any mixed court or commission for deciding cases under such treaty, it shell be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time to appoint such commissioners, judges, arbitrators, secretary, registrar, and other officers as are mentioned in such provisions.

Jurisdiction of courts in regard to slave vessels, slaves, goods, and effects.

Proceedings upon seizure by a foreigner.

Appointment of judges, arbitrators, secretary, &c., to mixed courts and commissions.

Ch. 88.

Regulations a to powers of mixed courts.

Disposal of condemned

vessels.

Disposal of slaves.

Slave Trade (Consolidation).

36 & 37 Vict.

There shall be paid to every commissioner, judge, arbitrator, secretary, registrar, and other officer so appointed, such salary as the Treasury may from time to time direct.

In case of the death, or sickness, or absence either on leave or from any other lawful impediment, of any such commissioner, judge, arbitrator, secretary, registrar, or other officer, whether British or not, the vacancy shall be temporarily filled in manner provided by the treaty.

8. The regulations contained in any existing slave trade treaty for the time being in force with respect to any mixed court or commission, shall have effect as if they were enacted in this Act, and such court or commission shall have all necessary jurisdiction for the purpose of carrying into effect any treaty referring to them, and in particular shall have jurisdiction to try, condemn, and restore British vessels seized in pursuance of such treaty on suspicion of being engaged in the slave trade, and shall, for the purpose of their jurisdiction, have the same power as any Vice-Admiralty Court in Her Majesty's dominions has, and may accordingly take evidence, administer oaths, summon and enforce the attendance of witnesses, and require and enforce the production of documents in like manner as any such court.

Disposal of Vessels cmd Slaves.

8. A vessel seized in pursuance of this Act, when condemned by a slave court, may be taken into Her Majesty's service upon payment of such sum as the Admiralty deem to be a proper price for the same (which sum is in this Act called the appraised value of such vessel), or if not so taken, shall be broken up, and the materials thereof shall be publicly sold in separate parts.

Provided that nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the government of any foreign state, under any treaty, to require such vessel to be broken up, or to take such vessel into its service upon payment of a sum fixed in accordance with such treaty, and any sum paid by the government of a foreign state for a vessel taken into its service after condemnation by a slave court shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be the appraised value of the vessel.

10. Where any slaves are seized in pursuance of this Act, they shall, for the purpose only of seizure, prosecution, and condemnation, be deemed to be property, and shall be condemned as forfeited to the sole use of Her Majesty for the purpose only of divesting all other right or interest therein, and shall not be treated as slaves, but shall be provided for, pending the proceedings for their condemnation, in such manner, and shall on condemnation be disposed of in such

Slave Trade (Consolidation).

Ch. 88.

493

manner, or delivered over to such persons, as the court having cognizance of the case may adjudge, subject to the regulations (if any) which are from time to time made by the Treasury; and the Treasury may from time to time make, alter, and revoke regulations for this purpose so that they be consistent with any provisions in this behalf contained in any existing slave trade treaty.

/ Bounties.

11. Where a vessel (whether British or not) or slave, goods Bounty and or effects, seized in pursuance of this Act by any commander ^orswhen or officer of any of Her Majesty's ships have been condemned British cruisers, by a slave court, there shall be paid to the commander, officers, and crew of such ship the following sums:

(1.) A slave bounty of five pounds for every slave so condemned who is delivered over, or, if the commander of the ship so elect, a tonnage bounty of four pounds for every ton of the tonnage of the vessel condemned:

(2.) That part to which Her Majesty is entitled of the appraised value of the vessel condemned, or, if such vessel was broken up and the materials thereof publicly sold in separate parts, of the net proceeds of such sale after deducting the charges of prosecution;

(3.) Where the condemned vessel

(a.) was brought into port and was broken up in pursuance of the order of the slave court, and the materials thereof publicly sold in separate parts; or (b.) was abandoned or destroyed prior to condemnation, and the slave court by the decree of condemnation declared that, after full consideration by the court of the circumstances of the case, the seizors had satisfied the court that such abandonment or destruction was inevitable, or otherwise under the circumstances proper and justifiable,

a further tonnage bounty at the rate of thirty shillings for every ton of the tonnage of the vessel; and

(4.) The net proceeds to which Her Majesty is entitled (after deducting the charges of prosecution) of any such goods and effects which the slave court ordered to be sold.

Where any slave so condemned is not delivered over in consequence of death, sickness, or other inevitable circumstances, the Treasury may, if they think fit, pay to the seizors of such slave one moiety of the slave bounty which would have been due in respect of such slave if he had been delivered over.

494 Ch. 88. Slave Trade (Consolidation). 86 & 37 Vict.

Bounty and 12. Where any vessel, slave, goods, or effects seized in other payments pursuance of this Act otherwise than by the commander or slavedo^goods officer of one of Her Majesty's ships, or of the cruiser of a not seized by foreign state, have been condemned by a slave court, there cruisers. shall be paid the following sums:

(1.) Two thirds of the appraised value of the vessel or (if the vessel was broken up and the materials thereof publicly sold in separate parts) of the net proceeds of such sale, and two thirds of the net proceeds of such goods and effects (after deducting from such appraised value or net proceeds the charges of prosecution) for the use of Her Majesty, to such persons as the Treasury may from time to time appoint, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund:

(2.) The remaining third part of the said appraised value or net proceeds of the vessel and of the net proceeds of such goods and effects to the person who lawfully seized and prosecuted the ship, goods, and effects respectively to condemnation:

(3.) For every slave so condemned who is delivered over, a slave bounty of five pounds to the person who prosecuted the same to condemnation.

Where any slave so condemned is not delivered over in consequence of death, sickness, or other inevitable circumstances, the Treasury may, if they think fit, pay in respect of such slave one moiety of the slave bounty which would have been due in respect of such slave if he had been delivered over.

Payment of 13. Where any vessel, goods, or effects have been seized in pursuance of this Act by the commander or officer of a when seized by cruiser of any foreign state, and been condemned by a British a foreign slave court, such portion of the appraised value of the vessel, cruiser. or the vessel was broken up and the materials thereof

publicly sold in separate parts) of the net proceeds of such sale, and of the net proceeds of the goods and effects, as is, under any treaty with such state, payable to the seizors, shall be paid to such person as the Treasury may direct, to be disposed of in accordance with such treaty.

Regulations as 14. In order to obtain payment of the bounty, there shall to payment of produced to the Treasury the following evidence, or such oumy* other evidence as the Treasury may deem sufficient; namely, (a.) A copy, duly certified, of the decree of condemnation of the vessel or slave:

(t.) If any tonnage bounty is claimed, a certificate from some person authorised for the time being to act as a registrar of British ships of the dimensions and tonnage of the vessel:

(c.) If a slave bounty is claimed, a certificate from the person appointed to receive the slaves of the number of slaves condemned and delivered over.

1873. Slave Trade (Cfmsolidation). Ch. 88- 495

For the purpose of bounty the tonnage of a vessel shall be calculated and ascertained in the like manner in which, for the time being, the tonnage of a vessel is calculated and ascertained for the purpose of registering the same as a British vessel, or, if the same cannot be satisfactorily ascertained in that manner, shall be ascertained in such manner as the Treasury may consider satisfactory.

15. Where any visitation, seizure, detention, or prosecution Payment by purports to have been made or instituted in pursuance of this Act, the Treasury when required under any treaty shall and and expenses. '

in any other case may, if they think fit, pay the whole or

any part of any costs, expenses, compensation, and damages

which may have been awarded against the person making or

instituting such visitation, seizure, detention, or prosecution,

or any costs and expenses which may have been incurred in

respect of the same, or on account of any person on board

any vessel rso visited, seized, or detained; but nothing in this

section shall exempt the commander or officer of the ship or

other person by whom the visitation, seizure, detention, or

prosecution was made or instituted from his liability to make good any sum so paid when required by the Treasury so to

do, and when any such commander or officer, or other person

serving under the Admiralty, or any person serving under any other department of the Government, is so required to make good any sum, that sum shall, if the Treasury so direct, be

deducted by the Admiralty or other department of the

Government, under whom such person is serving, from any

payment to which such commander, officer, or person is

entitled on account of salary, pay, prizes or bounty.

16. The bounties and all other sums payable by the Payment and

Treasury in pursuance of this Act shall be paid out of b^ti^and^ moneys provided by Parliament for the purpose. other sums.

The provisions of "The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 27 & 28 Vict. 1864," shall apply to all money payable to the commanders, c* 24, officers, and crews of Her Majesty's ships in pursuance of this Act.

Miscellaneous.

17. All persons authorised to make seizures under this Protection of Act shall, in making and prosecuting any such seizure, have rS^to 8dze° the benefit of all the protection granted to persons authorised to make seizures under any Act for the time being in force relating to Her Majesty's customs in the United Kingdom, in like manner as if the enactments granting such protection . were herein enacted, and in terms made applicable thereto.

18. In either of the following cases, namely, Pendency of

(a.) Where any proceeding has been instituted in any slave Srtoproc^-

court for the condemnation or restitution of any ing for recovery T t 2

496 Ch. 88. # Slave Trade (Ccmsolidtdwri). 36 & 37 Vict.

of vessel, vessel, slave, goods, or effects purporting to have been

damages, &c. seized in pursuance of this Act, and is still pending;

or

(6.) Where any vessel, slave, goods, or effects purporting to have been seized in pursuance of this Act, have been condemned or restored, or any other final judgment has been pronounced thereon by any slave court, the pendency of such proceeding, or the condemnation or restitution, or other final judgment thereon, as the case may be, shall be a complete bar to every legal proceeding whatever for the recovery of such vessel, slave, goods, or effects, or of damages for any costs, expenses, loss, or injury sustained by any person by or in consequence of the visitation, seizure, or detention of such vessel, slave, goods, or effects, or of any person on board such vessel, or by or in consequence of any act or thing done in relation to such visitation, seizure, or detention, or in pursuance of this Act or any existing slave trade treaty, and may be pleaded in bar, or given in evidence under the general issue.

Power of High 10. The High Court of Admiralty of England shall have of rF jurisdiction to hear and determine any question arising with land m to g" respeef ho the right of any person to any payment in pursuance bounties, re- of this Act in respect of any condemned vessel, slave, goods, viewing and or effects, and any question of joint capture or seizure which

"g&c. may arise in respect of any vessel, slave, goods, or effects

seized in pursuance of this Act, and also as well to review as to enforce any decree, declaration, or order of any British slave court made in pursuance of this Act.

Review of tax- 20. The registrar of the High Court of Admiralty of Eng-ation by Regis-^d may, on the application of any person aggrieved, or of

trar of Court of n* J ., , x

Admiralty. the Treasury, tax or review the taxation of any costs, charges,

or expenses incurred or alleged to be incurred in any proceeding taken in any British slave court, or in any mixed commission or court in Her Majesty's dominions, and shall for this purpose have the same jurisdiction and powers as he has in the taxation of any costs, charges, or expenses incurred in any proceeding in the High Court of Admiralty.

Appeal by 2L The Treasury may appeal from any decree, order, or

Treasury. declaration which is made by any British slave court in pursuance of this Act, and involves the payment by the Treasury of any bounty, costs, expenses, compensation, damages, or other moneys in like manner as if they were parties to the proceeding in which such decree, order, or declaration was made.

Prosecution for 22. Any person who wilfully gives false evidence in any false evidence, proceeding taken in pursuance of this Act in any slave court shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall be liable to the like penalty as if he had been guilty of perjury, or in a British possession, of the offence, by whatever name called, which if committed in England would be perjury.

1873. Slave Trade (Consolidation). pH. 88. 497

23. The registrar of every British slave court, and if ap- Return* by pointed by Her Majesty, of every other slave court, shall from registrar8* time to time make returns of the cases adjudged in such

court in pursuance of this Act, at such times and in such form and containing such particulars as may be from time to time directed by any rule established with respect to such court under the Vice-Admiralty Courts Act, 1863, or if there is no such rule by Order in Council.

Slave Trade Act, 1824.

24. This Act shall be construed as one with the enactments incorporation of the Slave Trade Act, 1824, and any enactments amending wi^e^alcd the same, so far as they are in force at the time of the passing vG.

of this Act, and are not repealed by this Act; and the expression "this Act," when used in this Act, shall include those enactments.

25. All pecuniary forfeitures and penalties imposed by the Recovery of

said enactments, with which this Act is to be construed as one, ^CT^ Geo 4. may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of ^113. e° '

Record or of Vice-Admiralty in any part of Her Majesty's dominions wherein the offence was committed, or where the

offender may be, in like manner as any penalty or forfeiture incurred in the United Kingdom under any Act for the time being in force relating to Her Majesty's Customs, or (in the case of the High Court of Admiralty or of a Court of Vice-Admiralty) in like manner as any vessel seized in pursuance of this Act. '

Such pecuniary penalties and forfeitures shall, subject to the express provisions of the said enactments, be paid and applied in like manner as the net proceeds of a vessel seized otherwise than by the commander or officer of one of Her Majesty's ships, or of the cruiser of a foreign state.

26. Any offence against this Act or the said enactments jurisdiction of with which this Act is to be construed as one, or otherwise in c°£rt over connexion with the slave trade, shall for all purposes of and £ incidental to the trial and punishment of a person guilty of

such offence, and all proceedings and matters preliminary and incidental to and consequential on such trial and punishment, and for all purposes of and incidental to the jurisdiction of any court, constable, and officer with reference to such offence, be deemed to have been committed either in the place in which the offence was committed, or in the county of Middlesex, or in any place in which the person guilty of the offence may for the time being be, either in Her Majesty's dominions, or in any foreign port or place in which Her Majesty has jurisdiction; and the offence may be described in any indictment or other document relating thereto as having been committed at the place were it was wholly or partly committed, or as having been committed on the high seas or

Ch. 88.

Slave Trade (<Consolidation). 36 & 37 Vict.

out of Hot Majesty's dominions, and the venue or local de-# scription in the margin may be that of the place in which the trial is held.

Where any such offence is commenced at one place and completed at another, the place at which such offence is to be deemed to have been committed shall be either the place where the offence was commenced or the place where the offence was completed.

Where a person being in one place is accessory to or aids or abets in any such offence committed in another place, the place at which such offence is to be deemed to have been committed shall be either the place in which the offence was actually committed or the place where the offender was at the time of his being so accessory, aiding, or abetting.

Where it appears to any court or the judge of any court having jurisdiction to try any such offence that the removal of an offender charged with such offence to some other place in Her Majesty's dominions for trial would be conducive to . the interests of justice, such court or judge may by warrant,

or instrument in the nature of a warrant, direct such removal, and such offender may be removed and tried accordingly; and 17 & is Vict. section two hundred and sixty-eight of the Merchant Shipping c. 104. Act, 1854, shall apply to the removal of an offender under this section in the same manner as if the term "consular officer " in that section included the court or judge making such warrant or instrument.

33 ft^ Vict 27. Offences committed against this Act or the enactments c. 52. to Slave w^h which this Act is to be construed as one or otherwise in Trade offences, connexion with the slave trade, whether committed on the high seas or on land, or partly on the high seas or partly on land, shall be deemed to be inserted in the first schedule to the Extradition Act, 1870, and that Act, and any Act amending the same, shall be construed accordingly.

Application of Act.

Application of 28. This Act shall apply to all cases of vessels, slaves, Act to case* goods, and effects seized and adjudicated upon by any slave cated/ JU 1 court, whether before or after the passing of this Act.

Extension of 29. Where any treaty in relation to the slave trade is made treatiesfatUre^ a^er the passing of this Act, by or on behalf of Her Majesty, with any foreign state, Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that as from such date, not being earlier than the date of the treaty, as may be specified in the order, such treaty shall be deemed, and thereupon (as from the said date, or if no date is specified as from the date of such order) such treaty shall be deemed to be an existing slave trade treaty within the meaning of this Act, and all the provisions of this Act shall apply and be construed accordingly.

Slave Trade (Consolidation).

Ch. 88.

499

Her Majesty may, by the same or any subsequent order referring to the same treaty, render the application of this Act subject to such conditions, exceptions, and qualifications as may be deemed expedient.

Every such order shall recite or embody the terms of the treaty so far as they relate to the slave trade, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within six weeks after it is made, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, within six weeks after the then next meeting of Parliament, and shall also be published in the London Gazette.

A treaty, whether made before or after the passing of this Act, which ceases to be in force shall cease to be an existing slave trade treaty within the meaning of this Act.

Repeal.

3(L The Acts specified in the second schedule to this Act Repeal of Acts are hereby repealed. m ?chedule *

Provided that —

(1.) All bounties and other sums purporting to have been paid in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed before the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been duly paid:

(2.) This repeal shall not affect —

(a.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; or (6.) Any right, privilege, obligation, liability, or forfeiture acquired, accrued, or incurred under any enactment hereby repealed; or (c.) Any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in respect of any such right, privilege, obligation, liability, or forfeiture as aforesaid, or any legal proceeding taken or commenced under any enactment hereby repealed; and any such investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be carried on and all acts consequential thereon done as if it had been commenced under this Act.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Equipments which are prim! facie evidence of a Vessel being engaged in the Slave Trade

First. — Hatches with open gratings, instead of the close hatches which are usual in merchant vessels.

Secondly. — Divisions or bulkheads in the hold or on deck more numerous than are necessary for vessels engaged in lawful trade.

Thirdly. — Spare plank fitted for being laid down as a second or slave deck.

Fourthly. — Shackles, bolts, or handcufis.

500

Ch. 88.

Slave Trade (Consolidation). 36 & 37 Vict.

Fifthly. — A larger quantity of water in casks or in tanks than is requisite for the consumption of the crew of the vessel as a merchant vessel.

Sixthly. — An extraordinary number of water casks or of other vessels for holding liquid, unless the master shall produce a certificate from the custom house at the place from which he cleared outwards, stating that a sufficient security had been given t by the owners of such vessel that such extra quantity of casks or of other vessels should only be used for the reception of palm oil, or for other purposes of lawful commerce.

Seventhly. — A greater quantity of mess tubs or kids than are requisite for the use of the crew of the vessel as a merchant vessel.

Eighthly. — A boiler or other cooking apparatus of an unusual size, and larger or fitted for being or capable of being made larger than requisite for the use of the crew of the vessel as a merchant vessel, or more than one boiler or other cooking apparatus of the ordinary size.

Ninthly. — An extraordinary quantity either of rice or of the flour of Brazil, manioc, or cassada, commonly called farinha, of maize or of Indian corn, or of any other article of food whatever beyond what might probably be requisite for the use of the crew, such rice, flour, maize, Indian corn, or other article of food not being entered on the manifest as part of the cargo for trade.

Tenthly. — A quantity of mats or matting larger than is necessary for the use of the crew of the vessel as a merchant vessel.

Eleventhly. — Any other equipment, article, or thing, which is declared by any existing slave trade treaty to be prim& facie evidence of a vessel being engaged in the slave trade.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts Repealed.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Portions of Acts which have already been specifically repealed are in some instances included in the repeal in this schedule, in order to preclude henceforth the necessity of looking back to previous Acts.

Date of Act. Title. Extent of Repeal.

59 Geo. 3. c. 16. An Act to carry into effect the treaty with the Netherlands relating to the slave trade. An Act to amend and consolidate the laws relating to the abolition of the slave trade. The whole Act.

5 Geo. 4. c. 113. The whole Act, except sections two to eleven, section twelve, down to "taken to be in fall force," sections thirty-nine, forty, and forty-seven.

Date of Act.

Title.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 54. 7 &8 Geo. 4. c. 74.

11 Geo. 4. &

1 Will. 4. c. 55. 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 72.

An Act to carry into effect the treaty with Sweden relative to the slave trade.

An Act to carry into execution a convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Brazil for the regulation and final abolition of the African slave trade.

An Act to reduce the rate of bounties payable upon the seizure of slaves.

An Act for carrying into effect two conventions with the King of the French for suppressing the slave trade.

5&6 Will. 4.C. 60. 5&6 Will.4. c. 61. 6&7 Will. 4. c. 6. 6&7 Will. 4, c. 81.

7 Will. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 62.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 39.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 40. I & 2 Vict. c. 41.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 47.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 83.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 84.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 102.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 73.

An Act for carrying into effect a treaty with the King of the French and the King of Sardinia for suppressing the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty with the King of the French and the King of Denmark for suppressing the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect a treaty made between His Majesty and the Queen Regent of Spain for the abolition of the slave trade.

An Act to authorize His Majesty, until six months after the commencement of the next session of Parliament, to carry into immediate execution, by Orders in Council, any treaties, conventions, or stipulations made with any foreign power or state for the suppression of the slave trade.

An Act to authorize Her Majesty, until six months after the commencement of the next session of Parliament, to carry into immediate execution, by Orders in Council, any treaties, conventions, or stipulations made with any foreign power or state for the suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect a convention of accession of the Hans Towns to two conventions with the King of the French for suppressing the slave trade.

An Act to carry into effect an additional article to a treaty with Sweden relative to the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect an additional article to a treaty with the Netherlands relating to the slave trade.

An Act for the better and more effectually carrying into effect the treaties and conventions made with foreign powers for suppressing the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect a convention of accession of the Duke of Tuscany to two conventions with the King of the French for suppressing the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect a convention of accession of the King of the Two Sicilies to two conventions with the King of the French for suppressing the slave trade.

An Act to revive and continue, until six months after the commencement of the next session of Parliament, and to amend, an Act for authorising Her Majesty to carry into immediate execution, by Orders in Council, any treaties made for the suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for the suppression of the slave trade -

Extent of Repeal.

The whole Act. The whole Act.

The whole Act. The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act. The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Date of Act.

» & 4 Vict. c. 64.

M & 4 Vict. c. 67. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 40. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 41. 5&c 6 Vict. c. 42. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 59.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 91. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 101.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 114.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 14. 6 & 7 Vict. c. 15. 6 & 7 Vict. c. 16. 6 Si 7 Vict. c. 46.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 50.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 51. G Sc 7 Vict. c. 52.

Title.

Extent of Repeal.

An Act to continue until eight months after the commencement of the next session of Parliament an Act for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate execution, by Orders in Council, any treaties for the suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of Venezuela for the suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty between Her Majesty and the Argentine Confederation for the abolition of the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect a convention between Her Majesty and the Republic of Hayti for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for better and more effectually carrying into effect treaties and conventions with foreign states for suppressing the slave trade.

An Act to continue until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and forty-three an Act for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate execution, by Orders in Council, any treaties for the suppression of the slave trade.

An Act to amend an Act of the second and third years of Her Majesty for the suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for extending to the governors and officers of the East India Company the powers given by an Act of the fifth year of King George the Fourth to Her Majesty's governors and officers for the Tnore effectual suppression of the importation of slaves into India Dy sea.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the second and third years of Her present Majesty for the suppression of the slave trade as relates to Portuguese vessels.

An Act for carrying into effect a treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of Bolivia for the abolition of the slave traae.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of Texas for the suppression of the African slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty between Her Majesty and the Oriental Republic of the Uruguay for the abolition of the slave trade.

An Act to continue until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the end of the then session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate execution, by Orders in Council, any treaties for the suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into execution a treaty signed at London for the suppression of the slave trade, so far as the same relates to Great Britain, Austria, Prussia, and Russia.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty between Her Majesty and the Mexican Rqiubtic for the abolition of the traffic in slaves.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of Chile for the abolition of the traffic in slaves.

The whole Act.

The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act.

The whole Act. The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act. The whole Act.

j

Date of Act.

Title.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 53.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 98.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 26.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 116.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 128.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 84.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 16.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 17.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 107.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty between Her Majesty and the Queen of Portugal for the suppression of the traffic in slaves.

An Act for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate execution, by Orders in Council, any treaties for the suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of the Equator for the abolition of the traffic in slaves.

An Act for carrying into effect the agreement between Her Majesty and the Imaum of Muscat for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect engagements between Her Majesty and certain Arabian chiefs in the Persian Gulf for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect the engagement between Her Majesty and Syed Syf bin Hamood, the chief of Sohar, in Arabia, for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade.

An Act for carrying into effect the treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of New Granada for the suppression of the slave trade.

The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853

18 & 19 Vict. c. 85.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 40.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 90.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 34. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 2.

An Act for carrying into effect the engagements between Her Majesty and certain chiefs of the Sherbro country, near Sierra Leone in Africa, for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade. African Slave Trade Treaty Act (No. 1), 1862 - 1

African Slave Trade Treaty Act (No. 2), 1862 African Slave Trade Treaty Act, 1863 The Brazilian Slave Trade Repeal Act, 1869

Extent of Repeal.

The whole Act.

Section three. The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Section one hundred and eighty-nine. The whole Act.

The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 89.

An Act to extend and amend the provisions of the Gras and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870.

[5th August 1873.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, Amendment Act, 1873."

L.

Ch. 89. Gas and Water Worht FacHMiee Act, 36 & 37 Vict. 1870, Amendment.

Interpretation.

Cases to which Act applies.

Undertakers may obtain Provisional Orders from Board of Trade.

Notices and deposit of documents as in schedule.

2. In this Act the several words and expressions to which by "The Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870," meanings are assigned, have the same respective meanings as in the said Act:

The expression "special Act" shall mean and include any Local and Personal Act conferring powers upon any local authority, corporation, commissioners, company, companies, or persons, for the construction and maintenance, or the maintenance and continuance of gasworks, and the manufacture and supply of gas in any district, and any Act amending the same, and shall include any Provisional Order made and confirmed under the authority of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, so far as such Act or Provisional Order is in force:

The expression "undertakers " in relation to a special Act shall mean the local authority, corporation, commissioners, company, companies, or persons acting in execution of such special Act:

The expression "prescribed" shall mean prescribed by the special Act.

3. This Act shall apply where the amendment of any special Act in force in any district is required by the undertakers or, subject as is in this Act herein-after provided, by the local authority of such district in relation to all or any of the matters following:

f 1.) The illuminating power of the gas to be supplied;

(2.) The maximum price of the gas to be supplied;

(3.) The pressure at which the gas is to be supplied; and such matters or any one or more of them, as the case may be, shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be included in the term "amendment of a special Act "

4. Subject to the provisions of this Act, Provisional Orders making an amendment of a special Act, may be obtained on the application of the undertakers, or of the local authority of any district in which the same is in force, made previous to the fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

5. The undertakers or local authority intending to make an application for a Provisional Order in pursuance of this Act shall proceed as follows: —

(1.) During the thirty days immediately preceding their application they shall publish notice of their intention to make such application by advertisement, according to the regulations contained in Part One of the schedule to this Act:

(2.) On or before the fifth day after the last publication of such advertisement they shall deposit the documents described^ in Part Two of the said schedule according to the regulations therein contained.

1873. Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, Ch. 89. 505

1870, Amendment.

6. The Board of Trade shall consider the application, and Power for inquire as to the propriety of proceeding upon such application, Board of Trade and they shall consider any objection thereto that may be Ippij^fon and lodged with them on or before such day as they from time on objection, to time appoint, and shall determine whether or not the application may be proceeded with.

7. Where, with a view to prevent undue loss to any under- Power for takers arising from unusual increase in the cost of production

of gas, or to the prevention of undue accumulation of profits visional Order, by undertakers, it appears to the Board of Trade expedient and proper that the application should be granted, with or without addition or modification, or subject or not to any restriction or condition, and it has been proved to their satisfaction that all the requirements of this Act have been in all respects complied with the Board of Trade may settle and make a Provisional Order accordingly; provided that the operation of such Provisional Order shall be limited to such period (not exceeding two years) as the Board shall therein prescribe: Provided also, that where any addition shall be made by any such Provisional Order to the maximum price of gas prescribed by the special Act, provision shall be made by such Provisional Order that the undertakers being a person, company, or companies carrying on business under the special Act for his or their own pecuniary benefit, shall not divide more than at the rate of five per cent, per annum on their ordinary capital for any half year in which they shall have charged more than the maximum price prescribed by the special Act, or if such undertakers shall not have paid a dividend of five per cent, on such capital for each of the two financial years next preceding the application, more than such sum as shall have been the average amount of the dividend in such two years, and before allowing any such addition the Board of Trade shall ascertain the amount of dividend paid on such capital during the said two years, the contracts, if any, for coal still in force, the present and former prices received by them for coke and residual products, the amount of gas unaccounted for and lost during each of the said two years, and their charges for gas during the same period.

8. Every Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade ^rvi8i^d under the authority of this Act shall be signed by a secretary to be^en as or assistant secretary of the Board of Trade, and shall take valid, effect from a day subsequent' to the date of the signing of

the same to be named therein, (in this Act referred to as the commencement of such Provisional Order,) and every such order purporting to be so signed shall be conclusive evidence of every fact and circumstance necessary to authorise the making thereof, and shall be deemed and taken to all intents and purposes whatsoever to have been made in pursuance of U u

Ch. 89. Gas and Water Worlca Facilities Act, 36 & 37 Vict.

1870, Amendment

Publication of Provisional t Order as in schedule.

Confirmation of Provisional Order by Act of Parliament.

and in conformity with the provisions of this Act; and so long as such Provisional Order shall continue in force, it shall be of the same force and effect as an Act of Parliament.

Provided always, that where an application under this Act has been made by any undertakers for the grant of a Provisional Order for the amendment of a special Act, it shall be lawful for the local authority of the district in which such special Act is in force, at any time before the fifteenth February one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, to apply to the Board of Trade for the grant of a Provisional Order for the amendment of such special Act with respect to the illuminating power or the maximum price of the gas to be supplied by the undertakers, or with respect to the pressure at which such gas is to be supplied.

Provided also, that at any time during the continuance of any Provisional Order granted to any undertakers, it shall be lawful for the local authority of the district in which the same is in force to apply to the Board of Trade to revoke or amend such Provisional Order, and the Board of Trade may revoke or amend the same accordingly.

9. When a Provisional Order has been msde as aforesaid, and delivered to the persons who applied for the same, they shall, before the day named for the commencement of such Provisional Order, deposit and publish the same by advertisement according to the regulations contained in Part Three of the schedule to this Act.

10. The Board of Trade, shall, as soon as they conveniently can after the making of any Provisional Order under the authority of this Act, procure a Bill to be introduced into either House of Parliament for an Act to confirm the Provisional Order, which shall be set out at length in the schedule to such Bill.

If, while any such Bill is pending in either House of Parliament, a petition is presented against any Provisional Order comprised therein, the Bill, so far as it relates to the order petitioned against, may be referred to a select committee, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of a Bill for a Local and Personal Act.

In case either House of Parliament shall refuse to confirm any Provisional Order under this Act, notice of such refusal shall forthwith be given by the Board of Trade to the persons who applied for the same, and* to the local authority of any district to which such Provisional Order relates, and the Board of Trade shall cause a copy of such notice to be published as an advertisement once in the local newspaper in which the original advertisement of the intended application was published, or in such other newspaper circulating in such district as the Board of Trade may think proper.

1873. Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, Ch. 89. 507

1870, Amendment.

Every such notice shall be signed by a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board of Trade, and from and after the expiration of a day to be named therein the Provisional Order to which it relates shall cease to have any operation: Provided always, that such notice shall not affect any act, matter, or thing done or suffered or any liability incurred under such Provisional Order nor the effect and validity of such Provisional Order previous to the day named in such notice.

The production of a copy of such notice purporting to be signed in manner by this section prescribed shall be evidence of the facts stated therein.

The Act of Parliament confirming any Provisional Order under this Act shall be deemed a Public General Act.

11. The costs of and connected with the preparation and Costs of Order, making of a Provisional Order, and all proceedings in relation

thereto, shall be paid by the persons applying for the same, and the Board of Trade may require them to give security for such costs before they proceed with the Provisional Order.

Such costs incurred by undertakers, being a company, companies, or person carrying on business under the special Act for their or his own pecuniary benefit, shall, if the same be not obtained, be paid out of the sum applicable to dividend, and if the same be obtained, shall be charged to ordinary expenses of management; and such costs incurred by any other undertakers may be paid by them out of any funds which may from time to time be in their hands, and which may be applicable to the purposes of the special Act; and such costs incurred by any local authority may be paid by them out of the borough rate or district rate leviable by them for the purposes for which they are constituted by any general or special Acts.

12. Where under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, Power of

1870, or this Act, the Board of Trade have made any Pro- Board of Trade visional Order, they may from time to time revoke, amend, ^en^extend extend, or vary such Provisional Order by a further Provisional or vary Pro-Order. visional Order.

Every application for such further Provisional Order shall be made in like manner and subject to the like conditions as the application for the former Provisional Order.

Every such further Provisional Order shall be made and confirmed in like manner in every respect as the former Provisional Order.

13. Where, in relation to any application for a Provisional Authorising Order under the Gas and Waterworks Facilities Act, 1870, or ?ndfegul»ting under this Act, it is in the opinion of the Board of Trade Bo^d of Trade expedient that an inquiry should be held, they may order and for purposes of

Uu 2

Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, and this Act.

Rules for carrying Acts into effect

Ch. 89. Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 36 & 37 Vict.

1870, Amendment

direct such inquiry to be held at such time and place as they may think proper, subject to the provisions following:

1. The inquiry shall be held in public before an officer or

officers to be appointed in that behalf by the Board of Trade, herein-after called the Commissioner or Commissioners:

2. Ten days notice at the least shall be given by the Commissioner or Commissioners of the time and place at which the inquiry is to be commenced:

3. The inquiry shall be commenced at the time and place

so appointed, and the Commissioner or Commissioners may adjourn the inquiry from time to time as may be necessary to such time and place as he or they may think fit:

4. The Commissioner or Commissioners by summons shall,

on the application of any party interested in the inquiry, require the attendance before him or them, at a place and time to be mentioned in the summons, of any person to be examined as a witness before him or them, and every person summoned shall attend the Commissioner or Commissioners, and answer all questions touching the matter to be inquired into, and any person who wilfully disobeys any such summons or refuses to answer any question put to him by the Commissioner or one of the Commissioners for the purposes of the said inquiry shall, on summary conviction before two justices, or in Scotland before any sheriff or sheriff substitute, be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds: Provided always, that no person shall be required to attend in obedience to any such summons unless the reasonable charges of his attendance shall have been paid or tendered to him, and no person shall be required in any case in obedience to any such summons to travel more than ten miles from his place of abode:

5. The Commissioner or Commissioners shall make a report

to the Board of Trade in writing, and shall deliver copies of the report upon request to all or any of the parties to the inquiry.

14. The Board of Trade may from time to time make, and, when made, may rescind, annul, or add to, rules with respect to the following matters:

The proceedings to be had before the Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, or this Act; and

As to any other matter or thing in respect of which it may be expedient to make rules for the purpose of carrying the said Act or this Act into execution.

1873.

509

Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, Ch. 89.

1870, Amendment.

Any rules made in pursuance of this section shall be deemed to be within the powers conferred by the said Act or this Act, and shall be of the same force as if enacted in the said Act or this Act, and shall be judicially noticed.

Any rules made in pursuance of this section shall be laid before Parliament within three weeks after they are made, if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not then sitting, within three weeks after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament.

15. This Act shall not apply to any place within the *° Metropolis as the same is defined in " The Metropolis Manage- Metropolis ment Act, 1855."

SCHEDULE.

PART I.

Advertisement of intended Application.

(1.) Every advertisement is to contain the following particulars: The objects of the intended application.

The name of an office, either in London or at the place to which the intended application relates, at which printed copies of the draft Provisional Order, when deposited, and of the Provisional Order when made, will be obtainable as herein-after provided.

(2.) The advertisement is to be inserted twice at least in some one and the same newspaper published in the district affected by the proposed Provisional Order; or if there be no such newspaper, then in some one and the same newspaper published in the county in which such district, or some part thereof, is situate; or if there be none, then in some one and the same newspaper published in some adjoining or neighbouring county. Such advertisements shall be so published that there shall be an interval of not less than ten days between each publication.

PART II.

(1.) The documents to be deposited at the office of the Board of Trade:—

1. A copy of each of the newspapers containing the advertisement.

2. A memorial signed by the persons applying for a Provisional

Order, addressed to the Board of Trade, and praying for a Provisional Order.

3. A printed draft of the Provisional Order as proposed, with any schedule referred to therein.

(2.) A sufficient number of such printed copies are to be deposited at the office named in that behalf in the advertisement; such copies to be there furnished to all persons applying for them at the price of not more than one shilling each.

Uu 3

510

Ch. 89, 90. Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 36 & 37 Vict. 1870, Amendment

(3.) The said memorial (to be written on foolscap paper, bookwise, with quarter margin) is to be in the following form, with such variations as circumstances require:—

[Short title of undertaking.]

To the Board of Trade,

The memorial of of:

Showeth as follows;

1. Your memorialists have published, in accordance with the requirements of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, Amendment Act, 1873, the following advertisement:

[Here advertisement to be set out verbatim.]

2. Your memorialists have also deposited, in accordance with the requirements of the said Act, copies of the said advertisement and [Here state deposit of the several matters required by Act].

Your memorialists, therefore, pray that a Provisional Order may be made in the terms of the draft proposed by your memorialists, or in such other terms as may seem meet.

A.B.

C.D.

E.F.

PART III.

Deposit and Advertisement of Provisional Order

WHEN MADE.

(1.) The Provisional Order shall be published as an advertisement once in the local newspaper in which the original advertisement of the intended application was published, or in such other newspaper circulating in the district to which such Provisional Order relates as the Board of Trade shall direct.

(2.) A sufficient number of printed copies of the Provisional Order shall be deposited at the office named in that behalf in the advertisement, such copies to be there furnished to all persons applying for them at the price of not more than one shilling each.

CHAPTER 90.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[5th August 1873.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited times some of the Acts herein-after specified, and to repeal others, and to make further provisions concerning turnpike roads:

1873.

Turnpike Acts Continuance, cfee.

Ch. 90.

oil

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Acts specified in the first schedule annexed hereto Schedule l. shall be repealed on and after the thirty-first day of December

one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

2. The Acts specified in the second and third schedules Schedules 2 annexed hereto shall expire at the times in that behalf men- 3-tioned in "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act,

1871"

3. The Acts specified in the fourth and fifth schedules Schedules annexed hereto shall expire at the time in that behalf men- 5* tioned in "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act,

1872."

4. The Act specified in the sixth schedule annexed hereto Schedule 6. shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and no longer.

5. The Act specified in the seventh schedule annexed Schedule 7. hereto shall continue in force until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and no longer.

6. The Acts specified in the eighth schedule annexed Schedule g. hereto shall continue in force until the'dates specified in each instance, and no longer.

7. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Schedule 9. ninth schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in

the third column thereof, as from the dates specified in the fourth column thereof, be subject to the modifications specified in the fifth column thereof, and shall, to the same extent, as so modified, continue in force until the dates specified in the sixth column thereof, and no longer.

Where specified in the seventh column thereof the arrears of interest due on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and remaining unpaid at the time of the passing of this Act, in respect of the roads subject to the trusts comprised in so much of the Acts as is specified in the third column thereof, are hereby extinguished.

8. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Schedule 10. tenth schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in

the third column thereof, as from the dates specified in the fourth column thereof, be subject to the modifications specified in the fifth column thereof, and shall, to the same extent, as so modified, continue in force until the bonded debts are paid off, but in any case no longer than the dates specified in the sixth column thereof.

512 Ch. 90. Turnpike Acts Continuance, <kc. 36 & 37 Vict.

Schedule 11. 9. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the

eleventh schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specifield in the third column thereof, as from the dates specified in the fourth column thereof, be subject to the modifications specified in the fifth column thereof, and shall, to the same extent, as so modified, continue in force until the dates specified in the sixth column thereof, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

Schedule 12. 10. The Acts specified in the twelfth schedule annexed

hereto shall continue m force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides; except an Act of the sixth and seventh years of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-one," for more effectually repairing the road " from the new wall on the parade in Castleton, in the parish u of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone in Great " Heaton, and to the town of Manchester, all in the county " palatine of Lancaster; and for making a diversion in the " line of such road," which, so far as the same relates to the road within the limits of the borough of Rochdale, shall continue in force until the fifth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and: no longer.

Continuance of U. The Acts relating to turnpike trusts in Scotland, teenth^che- specified in the Thirteenth Schedule annexed hereto, shall, duie. unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides, continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

Continuance of 12. Such provisions, if any, of the said Acts mentioned in a!ke ActsTUrn" said schedules as are not affected by the preceding sections, pi e cs* and all other Acts now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any turnpike road in Great Britain which will expire at or before the end of the next session of Parliament, shall continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides; but this section shall not affect any Act continued to a specified date and no longer.

artTof 4 G 4 much of the thirty-ninth section of the Act of the

s. 39. session of the fourth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, chapter ninety-five, as requires that no order or determination at a meeting of the trustees or commissioners of any turnpike road once made, agreed upon, or entered into shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent meeting, unless such revocation or alteration shall be agreed to be made by a greater number of trustees or commissioners than concurred in the making of any such order or determination, is hereby repealed.

1873. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c. Ch. 90. 513

Provided that no such order or determination shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent meeting unless notice in writing, signed by the clerk to the trustees or commissioners, of the intention to make such revocation or alteration has been sent by post or delivered to all the trustees or commissioners at least seven days before the meeting at which such revocation or alteration is made.

14. Where a turnpike trust is about to expire, and the tolls Amendment of

are let for a term which will expire before the termination of 4*c*12<)-

the trust, it shall be lawful for the trustees of such turnpike

trust to arrange with the lessee of the tolls for an extension of the term for which such tolls have been let, until the period appointed for the expiration of the trust, not exceeding twelve months, notwithstanding the provision of the fifty-fifth section of the Act passed in the third year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, chapter one hundred and twenty-six, limiting the lease of such tolls to three years.

15. If any highway board or other local authority shall be Power to Local desirous of taking upon themselves the maintenance and repair

of the roads of any turnpike trusts within or passing through vaiue of debts their districts, such highway board or other local authority (turnpike may, if not less than one half in length of such road is within trusts)- the district, apply to the Local Government Board to determine the value of the existing debt and other liabilities of such turnpike trust, and the Local Government Board may, by order made after such inquiry and the publication of such notice as they may think sufficient, determine the value of such debt and liabilities; and the trustees and other persons interested in such debt and liabilities shall accept a sum equivalent to the value so determined as a full and complete discharge of such debt and liabilities; and, from and after a day to be fixed by the said Local Government Board, no tolls shall be levied on the roads theretofore included within the district of such turnpike trust; and in case the said turnpike trust shall extend beyond the district of the highway board or local authority making the application as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Local Government Board to apportion the value of the debts and liabilities of such turnpike trust, so determined as aforesaid, between the several local authorities through whose districts the roads of such turnpike trust extend, and each such local authority shall raise and pay to the trustees the amount apportioned to such authority.

Provided that an order made under this section shall not take effect until the expiration of one calendar month after the same has been published in the London Gazette and some local newspaper circulating in the locality of the turnpike trust affected thereby; and if two thirds in number and value of the creditors of the trust shall give notice in writing to the Local Government Board, before such order takes effect,

that they object to the same, the order shall be provisional only, and shall not come into operation until it has been confirmed by Parliament.

Power to raise 16. The abolition of the tolls on a turnpike road in conse-

Htion^of tolis>0- cluence any such order as aforesaid, shall in the case of a

highway district be deemed to be an improvement of highways within the meaning of sections forty-seven, forty-eight, and fifty of "The Highway Act, 1864," and for such purpose the highway board may borrow money in accordance with the provisions of those sections, subject to the following provisions, viz .: That the improvement shall be deemed to be on behalf of all the parishes within the district, and each parish shall contribute thereto in the same proportion as it contributes to the district fund.

[Short title.]

17. This Act may be cited for all purposes as "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1873."

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULES 1 to 11.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Schedule. No. of Act.

Bedford Hockliffe and Woburn ..... 10 114

Puddlehill ---- o 5

Berks Fyfield, St. John's Bridge, and Newbridge -Hurley ---- 9 9 76 62

Wallingford, Wantage, and Faringdon 9 99

Chester Sandbach and Congleton - 9 78

Woodside and Hoy lake - -Hayle and Redruth - -Trebarwith Sands - - - 4 38

Cornwall 9 9 90 58

Derby Ashford and Buxton, and Tideswell, Blackwell, and

Edensor, United - 9 71

Derby, Ashborne, and Hurdloe, Northern Division - 4 25, 40

Ditto ditto Southern Division - 9 64, 109

Derby, Duffield, Wirksworth, and Sheffield - 9 110

Sheffield and Glossop - 9 112

Devon Braunton, and Braunton and Ilfracombe, United 9 96

Combmartin ---- 9 87

Cullompton ---- 4 30

Modbury ---- 9 81

Plymouth Eastern ---- i 4 32

Southmolton ---- 9 92

Teignmouth and Dawlish - -Totnes and Bridgetown Pomeroy, and Totnes Bridge, 9 83 77, 79

United 9

Dorset Dorchester and Wool - 9 67

Wimborne and Piddletown - -, 94

Durham Darlington and Cockerton Bridge, United - I 2 9

Edmondbyers - 4 16

Stockton and Barnard Castle - 4 23

515

County. Name of Trust. No. of Schedule. No. of Act.

Gloucester - Cheltenham and Gloucester - 9 105

Cheltenham and Painswick - 4 39

Nailsworth, Woodchester, and Dudbridge Ditto Nailsworth and Avening Branch Sodbury Division and Cirencester and Bath, United }» 2 54 4, 7

Stroud and Gloucester ..... 8 49

Winchcomb ---- 7 46

Hants Christchurch and Lyndhurst - -Baldock and Bournbridge - 4 31

Hertford 9 74

Sparrows Herne - Hawkhurst Junction ---- 2 11

Kent 4 37

Wood church ---- 9 106

Lancaster - Adlington and Westhoughton - 6 45

Barton Bridge and Stretford - - 10 117

Clitheroe to Blackburn and Mellor Brook 9 91

Hulton ---- 4 24

Liverpool and Preston - Manchester and Ashton-under-Lyne, New Road 3 14

11 121

Manchester to Rochdale, &c., Manchester District - 3 12

Mather Fold ---- ' 1 3

Radcliffe - - 9 80

Rochdale Lane End to Land's End in Heaton 4 19

Leicester Bridgford Lane and Kettering, South part of Northern Division ---- 2 8

Melton Mowbray and Grantham -Lincoln:— Saxilby Road - 10 115

Lincoln 9 100, 102

Norfolk - North Walsham - 9 69

Northampton Brackley Roads Consolidated - - 4 41

Market Harborough and Brampton - 9 95, 101

Towcester and Cotton End - - 4 29

Nottingham Clown and Budby - 4 27

Hockerton and Kirklington - 4 18

Nottingham and Kettering, Northern Division o 8

Oxford Henley and Dorchester -Grantham, South District - 4 34

Rutland 5 42

Salop Nottingham and Kettering, Southern Division 2 8

Bridgnorth and Shiffnall - 9 57

Coalbrookdale and Wellington -Shrewsbury, Wenlock, and Bridgnorth 9 52

Somerset - 9 108

Ilminster ---- 9 93

Wincanton ---- 9 53

Stafford Albrighton and Tong - 9 70

Ashborne and Leek - 9 63, 65, 85

Darlaston ---- 9 84

Darley Moor and EUaston - 9 72

Great Chell and Shelton - 9 73

Sedgley Roads, Old and New, United 9 97

Tunstall and Bosley - - - 9 73

Uttoxeter and Stoke, and Millwich and Sandon 11 122

Suffolk Lakenheath and Hockwold - 8 48

Mfldenhall Burnt Fen - 9 107

Surrey Godalming and Painshill - 9 61

Sussex Brighton, Shoreham, and Lancing - 11 119, 120

Flimwell and Hastings and Robertsbridge Clappers, United - - - 9 103

Horsham and Crawley - 4 22

Horsham and Guildford - 4 26

Pyecombe and Hickstead - 1 9 104

Ch. 90.

Turnpike Acta Continuance, &c. 36 & 37 " Vict.

r, 16

County. 1 Name of Trust. No. of Schedule. No. of Act.

Warwick - Ruebvand Hinckley. Ruf?by and Kilworth. and Rucrby

and! Lutterworth, United - . 9 56, 75, 89

Westmore- Brough and Bowes, and Maiden' s Castle and Barrow's

land. Brow to the Coal Works, United - 4 15

Brough and Middleton . 4 17

Wilt* Millthrop and Levens Bradford ... - 8 4 47 33

Dray cot or Upper District - 10 116

Everley ... - 4 21

Malmesbury, First District - - \ 9 111

Ditto Second District -

Ditto Third District - . 9 66

Melksham - . 9 55

Worcester - Kidderminster . 2 6

York Barnsley and Grange Moor - - 9 60

Bradford and Wakefield _ 3 13

Dewsbury and Leeds - - 4 35

Elland and Brighouse Elland and Saddleworth 9 9 86, 88

Godley Lane - - 1 1 2

Huddersfield and New Hey - - 8 1 50

Hull, Hessle, and Ferriby - 1 i 1

Leeds and Harrogate - - 2 10

Leeds and Otley . 4; 28

Lees and Hebden Bridge - 9 51

Selby and Leeds Tadcaster and Halton Dial - - 9 98

- 5 43, 44

Tinsley and Doncaster Wakefield and Sheffield _ 4 36

- 9 82, 113

Carnarvon - Penmachno - 9 59

Yspytty - - 4 20

Denbigh Denbigh and Pentre Voelas - - 11 118

Flint Whitchurch and Marchwiel - - 9 I 63

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to be repealed on and after the 31st of December 1873.

Date of Act Title of Act.

18 Vict. c. lxviii. Limited to expire at end of session after 1 November 1876. 19 & 20 Vict. c. lxxxiii. Limited to expire at end of session after August 1877-25 & 26 Vict. c. lxv. -Limited to expire at end of session after; 29 October 1883. 1. An Act for repairing the road from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull to the western boundary of the parish of Hessle, in the east riding of the county of York. 2. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Act relating to the Godley Lane Turnpike Road in the west riding of the county of York. 3. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from the borough of Bolton to the borough of Blackburn, and a branch road connected therewith, in the county palatine of Lancaster; so far as the same relates to the Mather Fold Branch Road.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to expire at the date (1st November 1873) mentioned in

34 & 35 Vict. c. 115.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

52 G. 3. c. xxvii.

54 G. 3. c. cxxi.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. xci.

3 G. 4. c. xciii.

4 G. 4. c. lvi.

5 W. 4. c. xxv.

2 Vict. c. xxxii.

8 Vict. c. ix.

4. An Act to continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of

an Act passed in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for completing the road from Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, through Tetbury, to Woefield Corner, and a road from thence to or near Lambridge, near the city of Bath, and for other purposes relating thereto; and also to repair a certain road from Dufffcon to Underbridge in the parish of Shipton Moigne in the said county.

- 5. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from Dunstable to Hockliffe in the county of Bedford.

6. An Act for more effectually repairing several roads leading from Kidderminster in the county of Worcester, and several other roads connected therewith, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop; so far as the same relates to the " Kidderminster " district of the roads.

7. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the road from the Stone Pillar or Cross Hand in the parish of Chippenham in the county of Wilts, to or near to Knox Bridge in the parish of Westerleigh in the county of Gloucester; and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

- 8. An Act for continuing the term and powers of an Act of His late Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from the north end of Bridgford Lane in the county of Nottingham to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the county of Northampton.

- 9. An Act for more effectually repairing the Darlington and West

Auckland and the Cockerton Bridge and Staindrop Roads in the county of Durham, and for consolidating the trusts thereof.

10. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from Leeds, through Harewood, to the south-west comer of the inclosures of Harrogate in the west riding of the county of York.

- 11. An Act for repairing the road from the south end of Sparrows

Heme on Bushey Heath, through Watford, Berkhampstead Saint Peter, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, into the town of Aylesbury in the county of Buckingham.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to expire at the date (31st December 1873) mentioned in 34 & 35 Vict. c. 115.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

54 G. 3. c. i. 12. An Act to continue and amend two Acts of the thirty-eighth and forty-third years of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing that part of the roads from Manchester to Rochdale, Bury, and Radcliffe Bridge, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, which is called the Manchester District, and for making and maintaining a new branch of road to communicate therewith.

518

Ch. 90.

Turnpike Acts Continuance, <&c. 36 & 37 Vict.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

59 G. 3. c. lxxx. 1 W. 4. c. xxxiv. 13. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Bradford to Wakefield, in the west riding in the county of York. 14. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Liverpool to Preston in the county palatine of Lancaster.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to expire at the date (1st November 1873) mentioned in 35 & 36 Vict o. 85.

Date of Act. Title of Act

53 G. 3. c. clxxxvii. - 55 G. 3. c. x. -5/ G. 3. c. xlv. - 58 G. 3. c. vii. - 59 G. 3. c. xciii. 59 G. 3. c. xcviii. 1 G. 4. c. xxiv. G. 4. c. xlii, - 1 15. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of an Act of King George the Second, and two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the road from Bowes in the county of York to Brough-under-Stainmore in the county of Westmoreland; and for repairing and widening the road from Maiden Castle to Kabeor CroBS, and other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties.

16. An Act for repairing the road from the town of Stanhope, by Edmondbyers, in the county of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near Greenhead in the parish of Shotley in the county of Northumberland.

17. An Act for making and keeping in repair a carriage road from or near the town of Brough-under-Stainmore in the county of Westmoreland to Middleton Bridge in the parish of Romaldkirk in the north riding of the county of York, with a branch from or near Chapel House to Eggleston Bridge in the same parish.

18. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the roads near the towns of Hockerfcon, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, with a branch from Kirklington to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge in the county of Nottingham.

19. An Act to continue the term and enlarge the powers of two Acts of His present Majesty's reign for repairing the road from Rochdale Lane End in the village of Heywood to a place called the Land's End in Prestwich in the county palatine of Lancaster.

20. An Act for further continuing the term- and enlarging the powers of two Acts passed in the seventeenth year and thirty-sixth year of His present Majesty's reign for repairing and widening several roads leading to, through, and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelly in the county of Merioneth, and other roads therein mentioned in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop; and for repairing several other roads in the counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.

21. An Act to continue and amend three Acts passed in the second, twenty-second, and thirty-ninth years of His late Majesty King George the Third for repairing the road from the turnpike road at Weyhill in the county of Southampton to the turnpike road at Lyde Way in the county of Wilts.

22. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Horsham in the county of Sussex by Bewbush, to the town of Crawley in the said county.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

6 G. 4. c. xiii.

7 G. 4. c. lxxxvii.

9 G. 4. c. lxxix.

11 G. 4. c. vi.

1 W. 4. c. xiii.

7 W. 4. c. xxxvi.

1 Vict. c. xlv.

2 Vict. c. xx. Vict. c. xxii. Vict. c. xxxii.

4 & 5 Vict. c. xeix,

4 & 5 Vict. c. c.

4 & 5 Vict. c. civ. 4 & 5 Vict. c. cix.

4 & 5 Vict. c. ex.

4 & 5 Vict. c. cxiv.

- 23. An Act for repairing the road from Stockton to Barnard Castle | in the county of Durham.

24. An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in repair the road called the Hulton Turnpike Road, lying between j Knocket Wall Brook and the White Horse in West Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

- j 25. An Act for diverting, widening, repairing, and improving the

road from the town of Derby to the south end of Compton Street next Ashborne, and from Ashborne to Hurdloe House in the county of Derby, and that part of the said road called the Old Road leading from Hardy's Hill Toll Gate unto Compton; so far as the same relates to the northern division of the roads.

- 26. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Horsham to the road leading to Guildford at Aldford Cross Ways, with two branches therefrom, and for making and maintaining.a new branch of road to communicate therewith, all in the counties of Sussex and Surrey.

- 27. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the Rotherham and Mansfield Turnpike Road, at or near Clown in the county of Derby, to the Worksop and Kelham Turnpike Road, at or near Budby in the county of Nottingham.

- 28. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the line of the road from Leeds to Otley in the west riding of the county of York.

- 29. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the road leading from Towcester to the turnpike road m Cotton End in the parish of Hardingston in the county of Northampton.

- 30. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the road from Padbrooke Bridge in the parish of Cullompton to Hazel-Stone in the parish of Broadclist, all in the county of Devon.

- 31. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the western side of the New Forest near Christchurch to the boundary of the parish of Lyndhurst, all in the county of Hants.

- 32. An Act for repairing the road leading from Brent Bridge in the county of Devon to Gasking Street in or near the borough of Plymouth in the said county.

- 33. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining several roads leading to and from the town of Bradford in the county of Wilts, and for maintaining a bridge over the river Avon at Stokeford in the said county.

- 34. An Act for repairing the roads leading from Henley-upon-Thames to Culham Bridge and to the Chancellor's Milestone near Magdalen Bridge in the county of Oxford.

- 35. An Act for repairing the road from Dewsbury to Leeds in the west riding of the county of York, and for making and repairing a new line of road leading therefrom.

- 36. An Act for repairing the turnpike road from Tinsley to Doncaster, and for making certain new lines of road to communicate with the same, all in the west riding of the county of York; so far as the same relates to the Tinsley to Doncaster Road.

- 37. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Cripps Corner in the parish of Ewhurst in the county of Sussex to Gills Green in the parish of Hawkhurst in the county of Kent.

- 38. An Act for maintaining and repairing, as turnpike, a certain road commencing at or near the north-west gate of the Woodside Hotel stableyard in the township or chapelry of Birkenhead, and terminating at or near the cottage of Henry Berry in the township of Little Meols in the parish of West Kirby in the county of Chester; and for levying tolls for that purpose.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

14 Vict. c. xi. 39. An Act to extend and amend the provisions of the Act relating to the Cheltenham and Painswick District of Turnpike Road in the county of Gloucester, and to create a further term therein.

14 Vict. c. xxxiv. 40. An Act for continuing the term of the Derby, Ashborne, and Hurdloe Road Act, and for other purposes; so far as the same relates to the northern division of the road.

14 & 15 Vict. c. lxi. - 41. An Act to extend the term and alter the provisions of two Acts relating to the Buckingham, Brackley, and Banbury Turnpike Road, and of an Act relating to the Towcester, Brackley, and Weston on the Green Turnpike Road, and to consolidate the management of the said turnpike roads.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to expire at the date (31st December 1873) mentioned in 35 & 36 Vict. c. 85.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

11 G. 4. c. xciii. 42. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road leading from the town of Stamford to the Division Stone in South Witham in the county of Lincoln.

3 Vict. c. lxxx. - 43. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from Tadcaster to Halton Dial, and for making and maintaining a new road from Seacroft to and into the highway leading from Scholes to Barwick-in-Elmet, all in the west riding of the county of York; so far as the same relates to the Tadcaster to Halton Dial Road.

11 & 12 Vict. c. cviii. 44. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Tadcaster and Halton Dial Turnpike Road to make a diversion or alteration of such part of the line of the Tadcaster and Halton Dial Turnpike Road as lies in the parish of Tadcaster in the west riding of the county of York.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Act which is to continue in force until the 31st of March 1874, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

7 G. 4 c. lxxxii. 45. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from West Houghton to near Halliwell Field in the township of Heath Charnock in the county of Lancaster.

Turnpike Acts Continuance, <tc.

Ch. 90.

521

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Act which is to continue in force until the 1st of May 1874, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

28 & 29 Vict. c. clxxi. 46. An Act to continue the Winchcomb District of Turnpike Roads Trust in the county of Gloucester, and for other purposes.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

14 Vict. c. xvii. 47. An Act to amend an Act passed in the third year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from Nether Bridge to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the town of Millthrop to Dixes, and from the town of Millthrop to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heronsyke Turnpike Road near Clawthrop Hall in the county of Westmoreland; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1874, and no longer.

14 Vict. c. xviii. 48. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Beck Fen Lane in the parish of Mildenhall in the county of Suffolk to Littleport in the Isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, and other roads therein mentioned in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; which shall continue in force, so far as the same relates to the Lakenheath and Hockwold floods, until the Is/ of November 1882,

14 & 15 Vict. c. 1. and no longer. 49. An Act for repairing the road from the town of Stroud in the county of Gloucester through Pitchcomb into the city of Gloucester; which shall continue in force until the Is/ of November 1875, and no longer.

14 & 15 Vict. c. lix. - 50. An Act to amend an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from Huddersfield in the west riding of the county of York to New Hey in the parish of Rochdale in the county of Lancaster, with a branch to Toothill Lane in the said riding, and for making a new road from Buckstones to the highway leading from Ripponden to Stainland at or near to Barkis-land School, and to continue the term thereby granted; which shall continue in force until the 1st of November 1874, and no longer.

Xx 3

g

cq '

o

o

(S

NINTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, and no longer, subject to modifications.

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 8. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 1 Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

54 G.3. c.lxii. - 51. An Act for making and maintaining a road from a place called Lees in the parish of Bingley, to commence and branch off from the road leading from Cross Roads Inn to Haworth, at the north-east corner of a certain close of land called the Highfield, to Hebden Bridge in the parish of Halifax, all in the west riding of the county of York. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Salaries and incidentals limited to 15/. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1875, and no longer.

57 G. 3. c. xii. 52. An act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from and out of the turnpike road at the bottom of Coal-brook Dale in the parish of Madeley into the turnpike road leading from Shiffhal to Shrewsbury, at or near a place called Wading Street in the parish of Wellington, all in the county of Salop. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 10l. per annum. No interest payable. lsf of November 1875, and no longer. 1 j i

58 G. 3. c. xlv. - 53. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majesty and two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Wincanton and the roads communicating therewith in the counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Dorset. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 30l. per annum. 1 st of November 1874, and no longer.

o«

to

to

w

gr

D

cq '

o

o

cS

.. Date of Act. 2 Title of Act., Extent to which Act is modified and continu' d.

3 G. 4. c. lxi. 54. An Act for amending and i f So far a* the

improving the roads leading same relates

from Tiltup's Inn in the parish to the roads

of Horsley to or near Hud- from Tittup's

bridge in the parish of Rod- Inn toDud-

borough, and from the bridge bridge, from

at Nailsworth to the Cross Nailswood

Post on Minchinhampton to Forwood,

Common and other roads thereto adjoining; and for frc.

making a new piece of road So far as the

from the said bridge to same relates

the Cross in the parish of to the Nails-

Avening, all in the county worth and of Gloucester. Avening Branch Food.

4 G. 4. c. xxix. 55. An Act for amending the road from the Devizes Turnpike Komi, at or near Somcr-ham Brook, through Melksham, to the Horse and Jockey in the parish of Box in the county of Wilts, and certain other roads leading out of the said road, all in the said county. The entire Act

4 G. 4. c. lxiii. i 56. An Act for repairing and widening the road from Kug-by in the county of Warwick to the turnpike road from Lutterworth to Market Har-borough in the counties of Leicester and Northampton. The entire Act

4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 1 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads, until 1 November 1875, to be not less than 550/. and limited to 600l. per annum; after that date to be not less than 500/. and limited to 550l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1877, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - No interest payable. 1 st of November 1875, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1878, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - Trust to be united with \fit of Novem- Arrears of

the Rugby and Hinck- ber 1878, and interest ex-

ley and the Rugby and Lutterworth Trusts. no longer. tinguished.

Amount expended in repair of roads to be not les?

than 550/. and limited to (150l. per annum.

Salaries and law charges limited to 90l. per annum.

1 Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum.

1873. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &e. Ch. 90. 523

Date of Act.

2.

Title of Act.

6 G. 4. c. viii.

6 G. 4. c.lxxxiv.

6 G. 4. c.cxlviii.

- 57. An Act for repairing the

road leading from Bridgnorth to Shiffnall, otherwise Idsall.

in the county of Salop.

- 58. An Act for making and | maintaining a turnpike road

from Trebarwith Sands on i the sea shore to Condolden i Bridge, on the road leading from Bossiney to Camelford, i all in the county of Cornwall.

- ' 59. An Act for making and I maintaining a turnpike road

from the town of Denbigh in the county of Denbigh to Pentre Voelas in the said county, and from thence to Fynnon Eidda in the county of Carnarvon.

o

O

o

(S

n

6 G. 4. c. cli. - - 60. An Act for more effectually

1 improving the roads from I Barnsley Common to Grange I Moor and White Cross, and for making a diversion of the said roads from or near to Redbrook in the township of Baragh to Barnsley, all in the west riding of the county of York.

3.

Extent to which Act is modified and continued.

The entire Act

The entire Act

So far as the same relates to the Pen -machno Road or Second District.

The entire Act

4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. 6. Dates up to which Modifications. 1 Continuation is enacted. 7. j Arrears of Interest extinguished.

1 November 1873 - No money to be expend-, ed in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. 1 No interest payable. 1st of November 1875, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - Repair of roads limited to 30L per annum. { Salaries limited to 5/ .; per annum. No interest payable. Ut of November 1880, and \ no longer.

1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 60/. and limited to 80l. per annum. Salaries and incidentals limited to 11/. per annum. Rate of interest on preference debt of 200/. not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. No interest payable on remainder of the debt 1st of November 1877, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - No interest payable 1st of October 1874, and no longer. I

II)

Ct

W

co

o

§ *

W

gr

CO

<1

9

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 1 6' Dates up to which ' Continuation | is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

7 G. 4. c. xiii. 61. An Act for making and maintaining a road from Godalming, through Has-comb, to Pains Hill in the county of Surrey. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and incidentals limited to 18/. per annum. Is* of November 1875, and no longer.

7 G. 4. c. lxxvii. - 62. An Act for more effectually repairing so much of the road from Henley Bridge to Maidenhead Thicket as lies between the said bridge and the thirtieth milestone from London, in the parish of Bisham in the county of Berks. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. No interest payable. 1 st of November 1878, and no longer.

7 G. 4. c. lxxix. 63. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Ash-boroe in the county of Derby to Leek in the county of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common to Congleton in the county of Chester. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 270/. and limited to 300l. per annum. Salaries limited to 55/. per annum. No interest payable. lif of November 1876, and no longer.

9 G. 4. c. lxxix. - 1 64. An Act for diverting, widening, repairing, and improving the road from the town of Derby to the south end of Compton Street next Aushborne, and from Ashborne to Hurdloe House in the county of Derby, and that part of the said road called the Old Road leading from Hardy's Hill Toll Gate unto Compton. So far as the same relates to the southern division of the roads. 1 November 1873 - Tolls to be reduced by one-third. Salaries and law charges limited to 75/. per annum. No interest payable. 1 st of November 1875, and no longer.

1873. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c. Ch. 90. 525

i. 2. S.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which Act is modified and continued.

10 G. 4. c. xxix. - 65. An Act for amending an Act of the seventh year of His present Majesty for repairing the road from Ashborne in the county of Derby to Leek in the county of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common to Congleton in the county of Chester. The entire Act

11 G. 4, o. xix. - 66. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the roads from the town of Malmesbury to Copped Hall Turnpike, Sutton Benger Church, and Dauntsey Gate in the county of Wilts, The entire Act

G 11 G.4. c. xxiv. 67. An Act for repairing the road from Wool Bridge to the borough of Dorchester in the county of Dorset. The entire Act

0 eg

FT

4. Bates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 270/. and limited to 300l. per annum. Salaries limited to 55/. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1876, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. \st of November 1876, and no longer. r

1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 140/., and limited to 150l. per annum. Salaries limited to 45/. 10#. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 3/. per cent, per annum. 1 st of November 1876, and no longer.

526 Ch. 90. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c. 36 & 37 Vice.

D

cq '

o

o

(S

L 2. 3. 4. 8. 6. 7.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

1 W. 4. c. ii. 68. An Act for repairing, amending, and maintaining the roads from Marchwiel, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, to Whitchurch, and from Bangor to Malpas, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, and Salop. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 2402. and limited to 270l. per annum. Salaries limited to 35/. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed l/< per cent 18t of November 1876, and no longer.

1 W. 4. c. xxxii. - 69. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the city of Norwich to North Walsham in the county of Norfolk. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Salaries limited to 40l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1876, and no longer.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. xxv. 70. An Act for repairing and improving certain roads in the counties of Stafford and 8alop, leading to and from the town of Wolverhampton in the county of Stafford. So fhr as the same relates to the Al-hrighton and Tong district of roads. 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 5/. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 3/. per cent, per annum. 1st of November 1877, and no longer.

2 W. 4. c. iii. i 71. An Act for maintaining and improving the turnpike roads leading from Ashford to Buxton, and from Tideswell to Blackwell, and from Edensor to Ashford, all in the county of Derby. > The entire Act 1 November 1873 - i Salaries limited to 75/. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1878, and no longer.

oo

<r

co

1.

r

ct

PS

o

p

CD

O

P»

bo

M

Ct

oc

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. i Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

8 W. 4. c. vii. 72. An Act for repairing the road from Darly Moor in the county of Derby to Ellaston in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the turnpike road between Leek in the earne county and Ashborne in the county of Derby. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 907. and limited to 110l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1876, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

8 W. 4. c. liv. 78. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Tunstall in the county of Stafford to Bosley in the county of Chester, and from Great Chell to Shelton in the said county of Stafford, and for making a new line and diversion of road to communicate therewith. "So far as the same relates to the Ttm-stall to Bosley, or first district of road. So far as the same relates to the Great Chell to Shelton, or second district of road. 1 November 1873 -1 November 1873 - Salaries and incidentals limited to 100l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 21. per cent Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 100/. and limited to 120l. per annum. No interest payable. Is/ of November 1880, and no longer. laf of Novem -ber 1878, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

3 W. 4. C. lx. 74. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the turnpike road in Baldock in the county of Hertford to the turnpike road at or near Bourn Bridge in the county of Cambridge. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 280/. and limited to 320l. per annum. Salaries limited to 40l. per annum. No interest payable. 1 it of November 1874, and no longer.

iota IQ ? OS t9onr)nw>jv.oi') spy wprtnjv i *06 *Hf>

D

cq '

n '

CD

Q.

CT

o

o

n>

C3X

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act 8. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. A Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

3 W. 4. c. lxxxvii. 75. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Rugby Bridge in the county of Warwick to the town of Hinckley in the county of Leicester. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Trust to be united with the Rugby and Kil-worth, and the Rugby and Lutterworth trusts. Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 550/., and limited to 650l. per annum. Salaries and law charges limited to 90l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent per annum. l*f of November 1878, and no longer, Arrears of interest extinguished.

8&4 W.4. o.xoi. - 76. An Act for repairing the roads from Fyfield in the county of Berks to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucester, and from Kingston Bagpuze to Newbridge in the said county of Berks. The entire Act 1 November 1878 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1876, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

5 W. 4. c. xxvi. J 77. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the Exeter Turnpike Road to Biddaford, and certain roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy and Totnes, and other roads communicating therewith; and for repairing Totnes Bridge, and erecting bridges over the StoverCanal, the rivers Teign and Lemon, and the Mill Leat, all in the county of Devon. The entire Act 1 November 1878 - The road and bridge to form one trust. Section 83 to be repealed. Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 575/. and limited to 625/. per annum. Salaries limited to 90l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 1/. per cent, per annum. 1st of November 1881, and no longer.

00

09

O

w

o

Ox

to

CO

03

o

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to whicl Continuation is enacted. 7. i Arrears of Interest extinguished.

\V. 4. c. xxxvii. - 78. An Act for making and maintaining a road from Sandbach to Congleton in the county palatine of Chester and a branch road communicating therewith. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Bate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. 18t of November 1880, and no longer.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. civ. 79. An Act to rectify a mistake in an Act passed in the present session of Parliament for more effectually repairing the road from the Exeter Turnpike Road to Biddaford, and certain roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy and Totnes, and other roads communicating therewith, and for repairing Totnes Bridge and erecting bridges over the Stover Canal, the rivers Teigu and Lemon, and the Mill Leat, all in the county of Devon. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - The road and bridge to form one trust. Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 575/., and limited to 625/. per annum. Salaries limited to 90l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 1/. per cent per annum. 1st of November 1881, and no longer.

6 W. 4. c. x. 80. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road and branches leading from Radcliffe towards Bolton and Bury, all in the county of Lancaster. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 3L per cent per annum. 31#/ of December 1874, and no longer.

Ch. 90. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c. 36 & 37 Vict.

VI

to

O

o

<2

FT

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

6 W. 4. c. xlviii. - 81. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the Totnes Road at Lady Down in the parish of Ugborough to within four hundred yards of the bridge over the Lary, and for repairing the road communicating therewith from Hollowcombe Cross to the town of Modbury and Dark Lane, all in the county of Devon. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 300/., and limited to 400l. per annum. Salaries limited to 50l. per annum. No interest payable. Is/ of November 1878, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

6 W. 4. c. liii. 82. An Act for repairing and improving the road from Wakefield to Sheffield in the county of York. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 1, 100/., and limited to 1, 200l. per annum. Salaries and incidentals limited to 100l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. Is/ of November 1876, and no longer.

6 W. 4. c. lxxxvi. - 83. An Act for more effectually maintaining the road from Teignmouth to Dawlish, and for making roads from Dawlish to the Exeter Turnpike Roads, and certain branches communicating with the same, all in the county of Devon, and to make and maintain other roads communicating with the said roads. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and law charges limited to 30l. per annum. Rate of interest on preference debt of 700/, not to exceed 4/. per cent, per annum. No interest payable on remainder of the debt. Is/ of November 1877, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

00

3

9

CO

o

Or

CO

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4 Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

7 W. 4. c. xl. 84. An Act for more effectually improving the several roads from Newcastle-under-Lyme to Darlaston Bridge, Butt Lane, and Linley Lane, and through Trent Vale and Stoke-upon-Trent to Shelton Wharf, all in the county of Stafford. The entire Act 1 August 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. No interest payable. 1 at of November 1878, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

7 W. 4. c. xlr. - 85. An Act for amending two several Acts of the seventh and tenth years of His late Majesty King George 'the Fourth for repairing the road from Ashborne in the county of Derby to Leek in the county of Stafford, and from Hyecroft Gate upon Kushton Common to Congleton in the county of Chester. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 270/., and limited to 300l. per annum. Salaries limited to 55/. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1876, and no longer.

7 W. 4. c. xlvi. - . - 86. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road leading from Elland Bridge in the parish of Halifax into the Dewsbury and Elland Turnpike Road, near the Obelisk in the parish of Dewsbury, all in the west riding of the county of York. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and incidentals limited to 20l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1880, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

I

532 Ch. 90. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c. 36 & 37 Vict.

1.

2.

3.

Date of Act.

1 Vict. c. xviii.

I Vict. c. xxxix.

1 & 2 Vict c. lxxv.

Title of Act.

- 87. An Act for making a turn-

pike road from Combrnartin in the county of Devon to Bratton Down in the same county, and several other roads in the neighbourhood thereof.

- 88. An Act for more effectually

amending and improving the roads from Buckstones by Barkisland School to the Bochdalo and Kllaud Turnpike Boad, near the town of Kllaud, and from Sykehouse to the highway leading from Barkisland to Stainland, all in the west riding of the county of York.

- 89. An Act for repairing and

maintaining the road from Lutterworth Hand on the Watling Street Boad, through Churchover, Brownsover, Newbold-upon-A von, Bugby, and Bilton, in the county of Warwick, to the turnpike road between Dunchurch and llillinorton in the said county.

Extent to which Act is modified und continued.

The entire Act

The entire Act

The entire Act

4. 5. 6. 7.

Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. No interest payable. lit of November 1880, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and incidentals limited to 25/. per annum. No interest payable. Preference debt to be paid off before 1 November 187C. 1 st of Novctn-ber 1878, and no longer* Arrears of interest extinguished.

1 November 1873 - Trust to be united with the Bugby and Hinckley, and the Bugby and Kilworth trusts. Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 550/. and limited to G50l. per annum. Salaries and law charges limited to 90l. per annum. Bale of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. lsf of November 1878, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

1873. Turnpike Acts Continuance, dec. Ch. 90. 533

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified, and continued.

2 Vict. c. xii. 90. An Act for making a turnpike road from the town of Redruth in the county of Cornwall to and through the village of Hayle in the parish of Phillackin the same county. The entire Act

2 Vict. c. xxix. 91. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the roads from Clitheroe through Whalley to Blackburn and Mellor Brook in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for making a new piece of road to communicate therewith. The entire Act

2 & 3 Vict. c. xlix. 92. An Act for making and repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Southmolton in the county of Devon. The entire Act

4 Vict. c. xix. 93. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain roads passing through or near the town of Ilminster in the county of Somerset. The entire Act j i i

fi)

I

4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. G. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

1 November 1873 - Rate of interest not to exceed 3/. per cent, per annum. 1#/ of November 1878, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 320/., and limited to 380l. per annum. 0 Salaries limited to 60l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 1/. per cent, per annum. 1 st of November 1881, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - Tolls to be reduced by one fourth. No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. Is/ of May 1882, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

1 January 1874 Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 400/., and limited to 450l. per annum. Salaries and expenses of management limited to 150l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. 1st of January 1879, and no longer.

Ch. 90. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c. 36 & 37 Vict.

g

cq '

o

o

<3

rs

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. ff. Modifications. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

4 Vict. c. xxiii. 94. An Act for making a turnpike road from Wnnborne Minster in the county of Dorset to Piddletown in the same county, with certain branches therefrom. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 10l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1878, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished.

4 Vict c. xxxv. - 95. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Market Harborough in the county of Leicester to Brampton in the county of Huntingdon. The entire Act | November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads, except on that portion which lies between Market Harborough and St. Maiy's Bridge. Salaries, law charges, and incidentals limited to 50l. per annum. 1 st of November 1877, and no longer.

4 & 5 Vict. c. cii. - 96. An Act for repairing the turnpike road from Barnstaple to Braunton in the county of Devon, and for making certain new lines of road to communicate with the same. The entire Act 1 1 November 1873 - The two trusts to be united. No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 22/. per annum. Rate of interest on preference debt of 900/. not to exceed 3/. per cent, per annum, such debt to be paid off before 1 November 1876. No interest payable on remainder of the debt. 1st of November 1880, and no longer. Arrears of interest extinguished except the sum of 200/. uncalled for.

4 & 5 Vict. c. ciii. i 97. An Act for repairing and improving the roads commonly called the Sedgley roads in the county of Stafford, and for making a new line of road connected therewith in the said county. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - The two trusts to be united. No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and incidentals limited to 40l. per annum, No interest payable. 1st of November 1875, and no longer. 1 Arrears of interest extinguished.

00

-I

05

9

1°

ft

c«

05

Oi

1 2. S.

Date of Act Titlo of Act. Extent to which Act is modified and continued.

4 & 5 Vict. c. cvi. 98. An Act for repairing and improving the road from Selby to Leeds in the west riding of the county of York. The entire Act

4 & 5 Vict. c. evii. 99. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the road from a place in the parish of Nuffield in the county of Oxford, through Wallingford and Wantage, to Faringdon in the county of Berks. The entire Act

4 & 5 Vict. c. cviii. 5 Vict. c. lxix. 100. An Act for more effectually repairing, maintaining, and improving certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln. 101. An Act to amend the provisions of an Act passed in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Market Harborough in the county of Leicester to Brampton in the county of Huntingdon. So far as the same rtlates to the Saxilby Road. The entire Act

09

4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. i i C. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads, including incidentals, to be not less than 700l. per annum. Salaries limited to 90l. per annum. Hate of interest not to exceed 3/. per cent, per annum. Is/ of November 1874, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 850/. and limited to 900l. per annum. Salaries limited to 120l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 3/. per cent, per annum. let of November 1878, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. No interest payable. Is/ of November 1875, and no longer.

1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads, except on that portion which lies between Market Harborough and St Mary's Bridge. Salaries, law charges, and incidentals limited to 50l. per annum. Is/ of November 1877, and no longer.

Ch. 00. Turnpike Acts Continwmce, &c. 36 & 37 Vict.

D

CQ

o

o

<3

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act 8. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. e. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

5 Vict c. lxxi. 102. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty for more effectual lyrepairing, maintaining, and improving certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln. So far as the same relates to the Saxilby Road. 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. No interest payable. 1st of November 1875, and no longer.

12 & 13 Vict c. lxy. - 103. An Act for more effectually managing and repairing the road leading from Plimwell Vent in the county of Sussex to the town and port of Hastings in the said county. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries not to exceed 25/. per annum. Rate of interest on the debt of 1, 100/. not to exceed 1/. 10*. percent. No interest payable on the debts of280/., 487/., and 1, 055/. On and after 1 November 1875 that portion of road which lies south of a point 100 yards north of the existing new toll-gate at Ore to . cease to belong to the trust. 1st of November 1880, and no longer

14 Vict. c. i. 104. An Act for repairing and managing the roads from the Brighthelmston Road at Pyecombe to Hand Cross, and from Pyecombe to the Hen-field Road at Poynings Common in the county of Sussex. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 200/., and limited to 240l. per annum. Salaries and law charges limited to 30l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1880, and no longer.

00

CO

O

tq

<x>

p

OK

CO

1 1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modifications. 0. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. 7. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

14 Vict. C. xii. 105. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of the Acts relating to the Cheltenham and Gloucester District of Turnpike Roads in the county of Gloucester, and to create a further term therein. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Tollgates to be removed to near the Plough Inn. No interest payable. 1 st of November 1879, and no longer.

14 Vict. c. xv. 106. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of an Act for widening and improving the road leading from the turnpike road in the town of Tenterden, through Wood-church, to Warehorne, and the road leading out of the turnpike road in the parish of Betheroden, throughW ood-church, to Appledore in the county of Kent; and to create a further term therein. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 25/. per annum. No interest payable. lsf of November 1876, and no longer.

14 Vict. c.xviii. - 107. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Beck Fen Lane in the parish of Mildenhall in the county of Suffolk to Littleport in the Isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, and other roads therein mentioned in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. So far as the same relates to the Mildenhall Burnt Fen Road. 1 November 1873 - Rate of interest not to exceed 1/. per cent, per annum. 1st of November 1882, and no longer.

14 Vict c.xxiv. - 108. An Act for repairing the road leading from Shrewsbury to Bridgnorth, and several other roads therein mentioned. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 30l. per annum. No interest payable. 81st of March 1875, and no longer.

538 Ch. 90. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c. 36 & 37 Vict.

D

o

o

<3

n

1. 2. 8. 4. 5. 6. 7.

Dato of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

14 Vict. c. xxxiv.- 109. An Act for continuing the term of the Derby, Ashborne, and Hurdloe Road Act, and for other purposes. So far as the same relates to the Southern Division of the roads. 1 November 1873 - Tolls to be reduced by one third. Salaries and law charges limited to 75/. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1875, and no longer.

14 Vict. c. xxxvii. 110. An Act for repairing and managing the roads from the north end of the town of Derby in the county of Derby to Sheffield in the county of York, and from Duffield to Wirksworth in the county of Derby. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Tolls to be reduced by one half. Salaries limited to 125/. per annum. 1 st of November 1875, and no longer.

14 & 15 Vict. c. lxxvi.- 111. An Act to renew the term anti continue the powers and provisions of an Act passed in the first year of the reign of His Majesty King George - the Fourth, intituled An Act for A ctually repairing and improving several districts of Malmesbury Turnpike Roads, and other roads connected therewith, in the counties of Wilts, Berks, and Gloucester, so far as relates to the first and second districts. f So far as the same relates to the First District. So far as the same relates to the Second L District. 1 November 1873 -I November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. 1st of November 1874, and no longer. 1st of November 1876, and no longer. —

oo

CO

W

CD

G«

CO

CD

D

cq '

o

o

(5

o

1. 2. S. 4. 8. 6. 7.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted. Arrears of Interest extinguished.

H & 15 Vict. o. cxxxiii. 112. An Act for repairing the road from Sheffield in the county of York to the Marple Bridge Road in the parish of Glossop in the county of Derby, and the branch to Mortimer's Road in the parish of Hathersage in the said county of Derby. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 180/., and limited to 220l. per annum. Salaries limited to 40l. per annum. No interest payable. lsf of November 1875, and no longer.

16 & 17 Vict. c. cxxyiii. 113. An Act to authorise the opening of a diversion of the Wakefield and Sheffield Turnpike Road, and for other purposes. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 1, 100/. and limited to 1, 200l. per annum. Salaries and incidentals limited to 100l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. Iff of November 1876, and no longer.

O

w

o

i?

O

S '

I *

CO

Cfc

a *

CO

<1

HH

TENTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force, subject to modifications, until the dates specified in each instance,

and no longer, unless the Bonded Debt is previously paid off.

1. a. 8. A 5. 6.

Date of Act. Title of Act Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. lxxxv. 114. An Act for amending and more effectually repairing the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn in the county of Bedford, and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge in Newport Pagneil, in the county of Buckingham. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Amount expended in repair of roads to be not less than 250/., and limited to 300l. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 2/. per cent, per annum. Is/ of November 1877, and no longer; or if the principal of the debt is paid off earlier, the Act to expire at the time when it is so paid off.

40.4.C. 1. - 115. An Act for repairing the road from Sage Cross in the town of Melton Mowbray in the county of Leicester to the town of Grantham in the county of Lincoln. The entire Act 1 November 1S73 No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. No interest payable. 1st of November 1875, and no longer; or if the principal of the debt is paid off earlier, the Act to expire at the time when it is so paid off

1 W. 4. c. lxiii. 116. An Act for repairing the turnpike road from the Salutation Inn to Christian Mal-ford Bridge in the county of Wilts, called the Draycot or Upper District, and for disuniting the said road from a certain other road called the Pucklechurch Lower District in the county of Gloucester. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries limited to 20l. per annum. No interest payable. Is/ of November 1874, and no longer; or if the principal of the debt is paid off earlier, the Act to expire at the time when it is so paid off.

1873. TurnpUce Acts Continuance, &c. Ch. 90.

1. 2. 3. 4. fi. 0.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted.

2 W. 4. c. xxviii. 117. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the roads leading from Barton Bridge into the Manchester and Altrincham Turnpike Road in the county of Lancaster. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No money to be expended in repair of roads. Salaries and law charges limited to 15/. per annum. Rate of interest not to exceed 8/. per cent, per annum. 1 st of November 1880, and no longer; or if the principal of the debt is paid off earlier, the Act to expire at the time when it is so paid Off.

O

o

(S

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides, subject to modifications.

1 j 1 2. 1: 3. 4. 5. 0.

1 Date of Act. >| 1 Title of Act. i Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. Dates up to which Continuation Is enacted.

6 G. 4. c. cxlviii. - - | i ] 118. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from the town of Denbigh in the county of Denbigh to Pcntre Voelus in the said county, and from thence to Fynnon ICidda in the county of Carnarvon. 1 So far as the same relates to the Denbigh and Pentre Voelas Road, or first district. 1 November 1873 - No interest payable. 1st of November 1878. 1 1 i

542 Ch. 90. Turnpike Acts Continuance, dec. 36 & 37 Vict.

O

o

<3

1. 1 Date of Act. i i 2. Title of Act. 3. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. 4. Dates from which Modifications are to commence. 5. Modification. 6. Dates up to which Continuation is enacted.

11 G. 4. c. lxiii. 119. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Brighton to Shoreham, for building a bridge over the river Adur at New Shoreham, and for making a road to Lancing and a branch road therefrom, all in the county of Sussex. So far as the same relates to the roads therein mentioned. 1st of November 1876.

4 & 5 Vict. c. cv. 120. An Act to amend an Act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Fourth for repairing and improving the road from Brighton to Shoreham and Lancing in, the county of Sussex, and for other purposes connected therewith. The entire Act 1st of November 1876.

14 Vict. c. xli. - 121. An Act to continue the term of the Act of the sixth year of George the Fourth, chapter fifty-one (Local), so far as relates to the turnpike road between Manchester and Audenshaw in the parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, and to make better provision for the repair of the road, and for other purposes. 122. An Act for managing and repairing the roads leading from Uttoxeter to Stoke near Stone, and from Mill-wich to Sandon, in the county of Stafford. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - Repair of roads and expenses of management limited to 550l. per annum. 1st of November 1874.

14 & 15 Vict. c. lx. The entire Act 1 November 1873 - No interest payable. 1st of November 1876.

1873. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c. Ch. 90. 543

TWELFTH SCHEDULE.

Acta which are to continue in force until the 1st of November 1874, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

County.

Name of Trust.

No. of Act

PART I.

Berks Bucks -Cambridge

Chester -

Cumberland Derby -

Devon -Dorset -Gloucester

Hants -Huntingdon

Kent

Lancaster

Leicester Lincoln -Northumberland Oxford -Salop Stafford -

Sussex -Wilts -York

Fyfield .....

Bromham and Olney -Chatteris, Wisbech, Tyd Gote, and Downham St. Neots and Cambridge Nantwich and Wheelock, and Branch -Tarporley and Whitchurch Brougham Bridge -

Derby, Mansfield, and Nutthall Owler Bar -

Plymouth and Tavistock Cerne Abbas -

Evesham and Cheltenham Maisemore -

Newent .....

Over -

Southampton, South District -Bury and Stratton -

Godmanchester and Hartford -Benenden -

Kipping's Cross and Flimwell -Tenteraen .....

Burnley and Edenfield Chapel -Manchester and Ashton-under-Lyne New Road Manchester and Salter's Brook Rochdale and Manchester Hinckley and Narborough, through Sapcote Swineshead and Fosdyke Ponteland -

Galley Hill and Clanfield Cross W'hitchurch and Madeley Newcastle-under-Lyme and Eccleshall -Newcastle-under-Lyme and Nantwich -Streetway and Wordsley Green, and Wolverhampton and Cannock ...

Tamworth -

Worthing and Branch -

Swindon, Hungerford, and Marlborough United Hull and Kirk Ella .....

9

30 52

1

51

23 36 29 18 50 15 17 34 14 34 11

6

4

3$

22

25 3

' 53

19, 35 49 39 20 28

5 1(5 13 27

24

31 12

2, 7, S

26

Anglesey

Flint

Montgomery

- Beaumaris and Menai Bridge -

- Mold and Denbigh -

- Montgomeryshire, First District: —

Abermule by Glanmule Abermule to Llandyssil and Goitre Berriew to the Adcffa Efelfach to Tregynon

21

32

Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c.

Ch. 90.

545

Montgomery —

cent.

Bedford -

Berks

Cambridge

Chester -

Cornwall Devon -

Gloucester Hants -

Hereford

Lancaster

Leicester

Monmouth

Norfolk -

Northumberland

Nottingham

Oxford -

Salop

Somerset

Stafford -Surrey -

Sussex -

Warwick

Westmoreland

Worcester

Llangerrig to Tynycoed -Llanidloes to Steddfagerrig and Tylwch Llanidloes to Caersws and Rhydyporthman Montgomery to Garth Mill Newtown and Caersws to Pontdolgoch Newtown to Camnant Bridge Newtown and Kerry to the Blue Bell Newtown to Llanidloes Newtown to New Mills Bridge Newtown to Talurddig Rhiew Bridge to Newtown Montgomeryshire, Second District Montgomeryshire, Third District

Ditto Blackwaters and Rednall Branch

Montgomeryshire, Fourth District

PART II.

Bedford and Kimbolton Shillingford, Wallingford, and Reading Cambridge and Ely," the South District Littleport to Welney," the North-west Distric Macclesfield and Buxton Stockport and Marple -Liskeard

Countess Wear Bridge -Exeter -

Plymouth and Exeter Road Stroud and Bisley London and Southampton Romsey, Stockbridge, and Wallop Bromyard Kington

Bolton and Westhoughton Bury and Bolton Finnington and Chorley Preston and Garstang -Sharpies, and Hoghton -Ashby-de-la-Zouch Desford

Hinckley and Narborough Bigswear

Ely to Downham," the North District Shields and Morpeth -Redford and Littleborough Asthall and Buckland -Shrewsbury (Nine Districts)

Ilchester Wedmore Yeovil -

Leek, Buxton, and Monyash Bramley and Ridgewick, First District Ditto Second District

Beach Down to IJeathfield, Robertsbridge, See Bury -

Southam and Kineton -Kirkby Stephen and Hawes Stourbridge, First District Ditto Second District -Zz 3

62 66

82

70 68 80

84

69

56 60

46 44

42

72 48 79

64

43

85 40 63 82

65 58

10, 37, 41

77

81

77

78

73

67

57 61

71

47

Ch. 90.

Turnpike Acts Continuance, <&c. 36 & 37 Vict.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Act.

York - Greenfield and Shepley Lane Head - 76

Lockwood and Meltham - 55

Rotherham and Pleasley ..... 75

Skipton and Craco - 54

Taacaster and Otley - 45

Wakefield and Denby Dale - 74

Carnarvon Porthdinllaen and Nanthwynant - 59

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

54 G. 3. c. iv.

54 G. 3. c. 1.

54 G. 3. c. lx.

55 G. 3. c. xxxv.

55 G. 3. c. xxxviii.

59 G. 3. c. xxv.

59 G. 3. c. lxxxiii.

1 G. 4. c. lxxii.

1. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing the road from the west end of Saint Ives Lane in the town of Saint Neots in the county of Huntingdon, to the pavement at the end of Bell Lane in the town of Cambridge.

- 2. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from

Swindon to or near Knighton Farm in the parish of Ramsbury, and from Liddington to the road leading from Swindon to Marlborough in the county of Wilts.

- 3. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair the

road from the town of Burnley in the county palatine of Lancaster to the turnpike road leading from Buiy to Haslingden at or near Edenfield Chapel in the township of Tottington Higher End in the same county.

- 4. An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from

Royston in the county of Hertford to Wandesford Bridge, and from the town of Huntingdon to Somersham in the county of Huntingdon; so far as respects the middle division and separate district of the said roads.

- 5. An Act to continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers

of two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the road from the bottom of Galley Hill to the dross in Clanfield in the county of Oxford.

- 6. An Act for repairing the road from Shelton's Lane in Bury

in the county of Huntingdon, to a house formerly called the Spread Eagle in the hamlet of Stratton, in the parish of Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford.

- 7. An Act for making and maintaining a road from Marlborough

to the present turnpike road at or near Coate in the parish of Liddington in the county of Wilts.

- 8. An Act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of

an Act of His late Majesty, for making a road from Swindon to Knighton, and from Liddington to Burderop, in the county of

3 G. 4. c. xxxvi.

3 G. 4. c. xlii.

Wilts.

- 9. An Act for repairing and maintaining the roads leading from the end of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the county of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the end of Boar Street in the town of Abingdon, to the west end of the town of Fyfield in the same county.

- 10. An Act for more effectually repairing several roads leading from the town of Shrewsbury, and from Shelton in the county of Salop, to Minsterley, West bury, and Baschurch, in the said county of Salop, and to or near to Buttington Hall in the county

4 G. 4. c. xv.

4 G. 4. c. xxvii.

4 G. 4. c. xlvii.

5 G. 4. c. xi.

5 G. 4. c. xxx. -5 G. 4. c. xxxii.

5 G. 4. c. cxl.

6 G. 4. c. ci.

7 G. 4. c. xvi.

7 G. 4. c. lxxxiii.

9 G. 4. c. xxxiii.

10 G. 4. c. xxvi.

of Montgomery; and for repealing three Acts severally passed in the thirty-first year of King George the Second and the twelfth and forty-first years of His late Majesty relative thereto.

11. An Act for repairing and improving the roads from the town of Stockbridge to the city of Winchester, and from the said city of Winchester to the top of Stephen's Castle Down near the town of Bishop's Waltham in the county of Southampton, and from the said city of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar Gate in the town and county of the town of Southampton, and certain roads adjoining thereto; so far as the same relates to the South District of the Southampton Road.

12. An Act for amending the road from Offington Corner in the parishes of Broadwater and West Tarring, or one of them, in the county of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common to Dial Post, and from thence by Nep Castle to the Steyning Turnpike Road at West Grinsted Park in the said county; and for making a new branch of road to communicate therewith.

13. An Act for repairing and improving divers roads in the counties of Stafford and Salop, comprised in three districts, called the Eccleshall, Newport, and Watling Street District, the Newcastle and Eccleshall District, and the Hilton and Honnington District; so far as the same relates to the Newcastle and Eccleshall District.

14. An Act for amending and maintaining the roads leading from the town of Newent in the county of Gloucester, and other roads i in the counties of Gloucester and Hereford.

15. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining several roads i leading to and from Cerne Abbas in the county of Dorset.

16. An Act for more effectually amending the roads from Whitchurch in the county of Salop, to that part of the road leading from Nantwich in the county of Chester to Newcastle-under-Lyne in the county of Stafford, which passes through the township of Madeley in the said county of Stafford, and also from Hinstock in the said county of Salop to Nantwich aforesaid.

17. An Act for maintaining and improving the road leading from the London Turnpike Road near the borough of Evesham in the county of Worcester to the village of Bishop's Cleeve near Cheltenham in the county of Gloucester.

18. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Greenhill | Moor to Hernstone Lane Heaa Road, near Stony Middleton,

' and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Derby, and

in the west riding of the county of York; and for making an I extension and branch of road therefrom.

19. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the roads i from Manchester in the county palatine of Lancaster to Salter's I Brook in the county palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining several extensions or diversions of road, and a new branch of road to communicate therewith.

20. An Act for making into a turnpike road a road leading from the Cross Gate in the parish of Swineshead, to the southern extremity of the parish of Fosdyke in the county of Lincoln, and repairing and maintaining the same.

21. An Act for making and maintaining a road from the town of Beaumaris to join the London and Holyhead Post Road at or near to the Menai Bridge, all in the county of Anglesey.

22. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Kipping's Cross in the county of Kent to Flimwell Vent in the county of Sussex, and certain other roads therein described.

Date of Act. Title of Act,

10 G. 4. o. lxxvii* 23. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road between the town of Tarporley in the county palatine of Chester, and the town of Whitchurch in the county of Salop.

10 G. 4. c. lxxix. 24. An Act for improving and maintaining certain roads in the counties of Worcester, Warwick, Stafford, and Salop, called " the Dudley, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Streetway District so far as the same relates to the Streetway and Wordsley Green and Wolverhampton and Cannock roads.

10 G. 4. c. lxxxviii. - 25. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from the White Post on Haselden's Wood in the parish of Cranbrooke to Appledore Heath, and from Milkhouse Street in the same parish to Castleden's Oak in the parish of Biddenden, and from the turnpike road in the parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the turnpike road in the parish of Newenden, all in the county of Kent.

10 G. 4. c. xcii. 26. An Act for improving and maintaining the road from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull to Kirk Ella, in the county of the said town.

10 G. 4. c. cxv. 27. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the bottom of Church Lane, in the town of Newcastle-

11 G. 4. c. xxi. under-Lyme in the county of Stafford, to the road leading from Woore to Chester, near Nantwich, in the county palatine of Chester, and other roads therein mentioned. 28. An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, widening, and improving the road from the West Cowgate, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Alemouth turnpike road in the county of Northumberland, and for making and maintaining other roads communicating therewith.

11 G. 4. c. xcv. 29. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain roads between the towns of Derby, Mansfield, and Nutthall in the counties of Derby and Nottingham.

2 W. 4. c. xviii. 30. An Act for repairing the road leading out of the Bedford and Newport Pagnell Turnpike Road near Bromham Grange in the county of Bedford to Olney and other places in the county of Buckingham.

2 W. 4. c. li. - 31. An Act for maintaining several roads leading to and from the town of Tamworth in the counties of Stafford and Warwick.

3 W. 4. c. xxvii. 32. An Act for repairing and maintaining the roads from Denbigh to the Northop and Holywell Road, and from Afon Wen to Mold, and also a branch of road leading from Northop to Mold, near a place called Black Brook, and extending over Rhydgoleft Bridge, Dy Rhflal, to a certain bridge called Pontnewydd, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint.

3 W. 4. c. xxviii. 33. An Act for repairing and maintaining the roads from the turnpike road at Golford Green in the parish of Cranbrooke to the turnpike road in the parish of Sandhurst, and from the village of Benenden to the Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross in the county of Kent.

3 VV. 4. c. lv. - 34. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads leading from the city of Gloucester towards the city of Hereford, and also towards Newent and Newnham in the county of Gloucester, Ledbury in the county of Hereford, and Upton-upon-Severn in the county of Worcester.

3 W. 4. e. lvii. 35. An Act to amend an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the roads from Manchester to Salter's Brook, and for making several roads to communicate therewith, and also for making a certain new extension or diversion of the said roads insteaa of a certain extension or diversion by the said Act authorised to be made.

1873.

Turnpike Acts C&c.

Ch. 90.

549

3 W. 4. c. lxxx.

3 W. 4. c. xcix.

4 W. 4. c. xxxi.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. lxxxix.

5 Vict. c. lxx.

5 Vict. c. lxxii.

5 Vict. c. lxxiii.

5 Vict. c. lxxiy.

5 Vict. c. lxxvii.

5 & 6 Vict. c. xciii. -5 & 6 Vict. c. xdv.

5 & 6 Vict. c. xcv.

5 & 6 Vict. c. c.

6 & 7 Vict. c. xci.

10 & 11 Vict. c. xlvii.

11 & 12 Vict. c. xlix.

12 & 13 Vict. c. lvii.

36. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the east end of a close called Lord's Close, in the parish of Brougham in the county of Westmoreland, by way of Brougham Bridge, into the town of Penrith in the county of Cumberland.

37. An Act for improving the Shrewsbury District and the Wellington District of the Watling Street Road in the county of Salop; so far as the same relates to the Shrewsbury District.

38. An Act for improving and maintaining certain roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, Salop, and Denbigh.

39. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the Side Gate on the Hinckley and Lutterworth Turnpike Road in the parish of Burbage in the county of Leicester to the Leicester Turnpike Road in or near to the village of Narborough in the said county.

40. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads from the borough of Leicester to Narborough, and from the said borough of Leicester to Earl Shilton, and from Earl Shilton to Hinckley, all in the county of Leicester.

41. An Act for maintaining certain roads in the county of Salop called the Church Stretton and Longden Roads.

42. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Bolton to Westhoughton in the county palatine of Lancaster.

43. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the borough of Leicester in the county of Leicester to the town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the said county.

44. An Act for repairing and maintaining several roads leading from the town or Kington, and other roaas branching therefrom, in the county of Hereford.

45. An Act for repairing and improving the road from Tadcaster to Otley in the west nding of the county of York.

46. An Act for repairing and maintaining several roads leading from the town of Bromyard in the county of Hereford, and other roads adjoining thereto in the said county and in the county of Worcester, and for making several new lines of road connected therewith in the same counties.

47. An Act for repairing the several roads leading to and from the Market House in Stourbridge in the county of Worcester, and several other roads connected with the said roads, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop.

48. An Act for making and maintaining as turnpike the road leading from the Preston and Blackburn Turnpike Road at Finnington to the township of Chorley in the county of Lancaster.

49. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the new wall on the parade in Castleton in the parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone in Great Heaton, and to the town of Manchester, all in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for making a diversion in the line of such road.

50. An Act for repealing the Acts relating to the roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock to Old Town Gate in the borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Devonport, in the county of Devon, and making other provisions in lieu thereof.

51. An Act for repairing the road from Nantwich to Wheelock Wharf in the county palatine of Chester, and to repeal an Act passed in the fifty-sixth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, and to continue and extend the trust.

52. An Act for repairing the road leading from Chatteris Ferry to Wisbech, and from thence to Tid Gote in the Isle of Ely, anil to Downham Bridge in the county of Norfolk, and to authorise the conversion of the Wisbech and March Low Road into turnpike.

14 Vict. c. xli.

15 Vict. c. xii. 15 Vict. c. xvii.

15 Vict. c. xxxviii. 15 Vict c. xxxix.

15 Vict. c. xl. -15 Vict. c. lii.

15 Vict. c. liv.

15 Vict. c. lv. -15 Vict. c. lx.

15 Vict. c. lxxi.

15 Vict. c. lxxiv. 15 Vict. c. lxxv.

15 Vict. c. lxxix.

15 Vict. c. lxxxi.

. 53. An Act to continue the term of the Act of the sixth year of

George the Fourth, chapter fifty-one (Local), so far as relates to the turnpike road between Manchester and Audenshaw in the parish of Ashton-under- Lyne, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, and to make better provision for the repair of the road; and for other purposes.

- 54. An Act for improving, diverting, and maintaining as turnpike

the road leading from Skipton to Craco in the parish of Burnsal, all in the west riding of the county of York.

- 55. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign

of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending, improving, and maintaining the road from Lockwood to Melth&m, and the branch of road to Meltham Mills, all in the parish of Almondbury in the west riding of the county of York, and for widening and better maintaining and repairing the said road; and for other purposes.

- 5fi. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of the Act relating to "the London and Southampton Turnpike Road through " Bishops Waltham," and to create a further term therein; and for other purposes.

- 57. An Act to repeal the Act for more effectually repairing the rood

leading from the High Street in the town of Arundel in the county of Sussex to the turnpike road leading from Petworth to Stopham on Fittleworth Common in the said county, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

- 58. An Act for managing and repairing the turnpike road leading from the eastern side of a certain bridge called Spittle Hill Bridge over Moorgate Beck in the parish of Clarborough in the county of Nottingham to Littleborough Ferry in the same county.

- 59. An Act for repairing and managing the roads leading from

Porthdinllaen, by way of Tan-y-Graig, Pwllheli, Llanystymdwy, and Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, to or near Capel Cerrig, and from Pwllheli aforesaid, by way of Crugan, to the village of Llan-bedrog, all in the county of Caernarvon.

- 60. An Act for more effectually repairing the roads leading from

Romsey to Stockbridge and Wallop, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Southampton.

- 61. An Act for the establishment of a turnpike road from Southam

to Kineton, both in the county of Warwick.

- 62. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the road from the town

of Bedford in the county of Bedford to Kimbolton in the county of Huntingdon, and to substitute other provisions.

- 63. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending

the provisions of the Act relating to the Abbey Tintern and Bigswear Roads.

- 64. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Sharpies

to Hoghton in the county of Lancaster.

- 65. An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from

North Shields to Morpeth Castle, and several branches of road communicating therewith, all in the county of Northumberland.

66. An Act to renew the term and continue and enlarge the powers

of an Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Shillingford in the county of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the county of Berks, and for repairing and maintaining a bridge over the river Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry.

- 67. An Act for maintaining the road from Beach Down, near

Battle, to Heathfield, and from the railway station near the town of Robertsbridge to Hood's Corner, all in the county of Sussex.

15 Vict. c. lxxxv.

15 Vict. c. lxxxvii. 15 Vict. c. lxxxviii. 15 Vict. c. lxxxix.

15 Vict. c. xci. -15 Vict. c. xcii.

15 Vict. c. xciii.

15 Vict. c. xciv.

15 Vict. c. ci.

15 Vict. c. cxiii.

15 Vict. c. cxv.

15 & 16 Vict. c. cxx. -15 & 16 Vict. c. cxxix.

15 & 16 Vict. c. cxxxi. 15 & 16 Vict. c. cxxxiv.

68. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Stockport in the county palatine of Chester to Marple Bridge in the said county, and a branch from the said road to or near Thornset Gate in the county of Derby.

69. An Act to repeal the Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Stroud to Bisley, and to make other provisions in relation thereto.

70. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of the Macclesfield and Buxton Road Act, to create a term of twenty-one years, and for other purposes.

71. An Act for maintaining the turnpike road leading from Kirkby Stephen in the county of Westmoreland into the Sedbergh and Kirkby Kendal Turnpike Road, and out of and from the same turnpike road to Hawes in the north riding of the county of York, and a branch from Hawes aforesaid to the village of Gayle in the township of Hawes.

72. An Act for maintaining in repair the road from Bury to Bolton in the county palatine of Lancaster.

73. An Act to repeal an Act for maintaining and repairing the turnpike road from Bramley in the county of Surrey to Ridgewick in the county of Sussex, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

74. An Act to repeal the Act for repairing and maintaining the Wakefield and Denby Dale Turnpike Road, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

75. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Act relating to the Rotherham and Pleasley Turnpike Road.

76. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from Holehouse or Riding, near Greenfield m Saddleworth, to join the Stayley Turnpike Road, and also to join the Halifax and Sheffield Turnpike Road, all in the west riding of the county of York, and to continue the term thereby granted.

77. An Act to enable the trustees of the Yeovil Turnpike Trust and the Ilchester Turnpike Trust to make certain new roads, to repeal existing Acts, and create further terms in the said roads, and for other purposes.

78. An Act for repairing the road from Leek in the county of Stafford to Monyash, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton in the county of Derby, and thence to Otterhole, and certain branches of road communicating therewith.

79. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Preston to Garstang in the county of Lancaster, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

80. An Act to amend an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving certain roads leading to and from Liskeard, and certain other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for other purposes.

81. An Act to extend and amend the provisions of the Act relating to the Wedmore Turnpike Road in the county of Somerset, to create a further term therein, and for other purposes.

82. An Act for more effectually maintaining and keeping in repair the road from Cambridge to Ely, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

15 & 16 Vict. c. cxxxix. 15 & 16 Vict. c. cliv.

26 Vict. c. xxxix.

83. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Asthall and Buckl&nd Turnpike Road, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

84. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Exeter and the Countess Wear Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof, and to authorise the construction of certain new roads, and for other purposes.

85. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending: the provisions of the Act relating to the Desford Turnpike Road, being the road branching out of the Leicester and Welford Road at Foston Lane to the road leading from Hinckley to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, at Osbaston Toll Gate, in the county of Leicester.

THIRTEENTH SCHEDULE.

Acts relating to Turnpike Trusts in Scotland which, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides, are to continue in force until the 1st of November 1874, and to the end of the then next Session of Parliament.

County.

Berwick -Clackmanan

Dumbarton

Dumfries fife [-

Forfar -

Kincardine

Name of Trust.

No. of Trust.

- Berwickshire, Post Road, Ayton-on-Eastern District Middle District Road -

- Clackmananshire, Turnpike Road

Ochil, Turnpike Road -

Kinross and Alloa -

Helensburgh District -Kilmamoch Road -

13

14

26

8

Law Muir Luss Yoker -

- Evanw&ter Road

- Dunfermline District

18

17

12

Kirkcaldy Leven Bridge -Outh and Nivingstone -St. Andrew's District -Western District Trust -

- Arbroath and Brechin -Broughty Ferry to Luckyslap Cairnconan

Dundee to Coupar Augus Dundee and Forfar Dundee and Strathmartine Forfar to Kirriemuir -Invergowrie

Lumleyden and Petterden

Montrose and Brechin -

Montrose and Forfar -

Northern Forfarshire -

Pitairlie

Pitkerro

Strathmore

- Feteresso and Maryculter South Deeside -

25

12

7

4

I

15

15

} u

4

22

Kinross -Lanark -

Linlithgow

Midlothian

Perth -

Roxburgh

Stirling

Cleiah Milnathort

Bathgate and Airdrie -Biggar and Leadhills -Cambuslang and Muirkirk Carluke Corsethill Crossford Bridge Glasgow and Carlisle -Lanark and Hamilton -Wilsontown and Biggar Cleuch Road -Cramond Bridge, Queen's Ferry, and Linlithgow Linlithgow and Kirkliston Calder, Slateford, &c. -Cramond District

Dalkeith and Post Road United District Lass wade and Wrighthouses Aberfeldy and Kenmore Athole -Auchterarder -Blair Drummond Roads Carse of Gowrie Crieff and Longcauseway Head Dalreoch Dalpatrick Dunkeld to Perth Drip and Frew -Glen eagles Glenfafioch Glenlichorm Locheam Monteith Perth and Crieff Strathtay Taybridge Road TummeU Bridge Road -Crossmuirhead to Higginsneuck Great Road

Haremoss and Scotsdyke East District Kelso Union, North Branch, , West Branch

Redrow to Peathill Denny to Fintry Road -Linlithgow Bridge to Stirling Stirling to Drymen Bridge West District, No. 1 -

», No. 2 .

, No. 3 -

12

10

19

30

17

21

17

16

17

24

9

7

20

15

3

27

6

23

3

2

5

2

29

Date of Act. Title of Act,

1. — 7 G. 4. c. 128. - 2. -7 & 8 G. 4. c. 96.

[27o. 47. Price An Act for making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair certain roads in the county of Forfar. An Act for altering and maintaining the road from Stirling to Drymen Bridge, in the counties of Stirling and Perth. 2d] 3 A

3.-7 & 8 G, 4. c. 97.

4.-10 G. 4. c. 54.

5. — 10 G. 4. c. 58.

6. — 10 G. 4. c. 60.

7. — 10 G. 4. c, 84.

8. — 10 G. 4. c. 91.

9. — 11 G. 4. c. 109.

10. — 1 W. 4 p $

An Act for amending an Act of the fourth year of the reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain roads from Redrow to Peaihill, in the county of Stirling, and for making and maintaining certain new roads connected therewith.

An Act for making and repairing the road from the bridge over the River Cowie, near Stonehaven, to the road along the south bank of the River Dee, at or near to Park Head or Millbank, of Maryculter, in the county of Kincardine.

An Act for making and repairing the road from Linlithgow Bridge to Stirling, and other roads in the county of Stirling.

An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining the road from Scots Dyke, in the county of Dumfries, by or through the towns of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the county of Roxburgh.

An Act for repairing and keeping in repair the Turnpike Roads in the county of Fife; for rendering turnpike certain statute labour and parish roads, and for making and maintaining certain new roads in the said county.

An Act for repairing and keeping in repair the road from Kinross, in the county of Kinross, to Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan.

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the road from Cramond Bridge to the town of Queensferry, the road leading westward therefrom through Dalmeny to Echline, and the road from the west end of the said town of Queensferry to the town of Linlithgow, in the county of Linlithgow.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing the road from the new bridge over the Water of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, to Baillieston, in the county of Lanark, and certain branch roads connected therewith.

11. — l&2W.4.e. 61.

12. — 1 & 2 W.4. c. 71.

13. — 2 W. 4. c. 31.

14. — 2 W. 4. c. 56.

15. — 2 W. 4. c. 82.

16. — 2 W. 4. c. 100.

17. — 2 W. 4. c. 101.

18. — 4 W. 4. c. 61.

19. — 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 72.

20. — 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 62.

An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair certain roads in the county of Forfar.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain roads in the counties of Fife, Kinross, Perth, and Clackmanan.

An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from*Berwick upon Tweed, by Ayton Bridge and Ayton, to Dunglas Bridge, and the road from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge to join the said road at or near Houndwood House and Bankhouse respectively, in the county of Berwick.

An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and maintaining certain roads and bridges in the county of Berwick.

An Act for more effectually making, maintaining, and repairing certain roads, with the necessary bridges thereon, in the counties of Perth, Stirling, and Forfar.

An Act for amending and enlarging the powers and renewing the term granted by certain Acts passed for improving the communication between the city of Glasgow and the city of Carlisle.

An Act for amending and continuing the Acts relating to the road from Evan Foot, in the county of Lanark, to Beatock Bridge, in the county of Dumfries.

An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining certain roads and bridges in the counties of Dumbarton and Stirling.

An Act for making and for more effectually maintaining and repairing certain roads in the county of Lanark, and for building a bridge over the Clyde at Crossfora, in the said county.

An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and maintaining Turnpike Roads in the county of Edinburgh.

21. — 6 W. 4. c. 18.

22. -7 W. 4. c. 5.

23. — 7 W. 4. c. 39.

24. — 1 & 2 Vict. c. 73.

25. -2 & 3 Vict c. 48.

26. — 3 Vict. c. 39.

27. -3 Vict. c. 66.

28. & 5 Vict. c. 97.

29. — 5 & 6 Vict c. 11.

30. — 5 & 6 Vict. c. 112.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the fourth and fifth jean of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for " making and for more effectually maintaining and repairing " certain roads in the county of Lanark, and for building a " bridge over the Clyde at Crossford, in the said county."

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road along the south side of the River Dee, in the county of Kincardine.

An Act for further and more effectually repairing, amending, and maintaining certain roads in the county of Roxburgh, and other roads connected therewith, leading into the counties of Berwick, Northumberland, and Durham.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the road from Borrowstouness by the west end of Linlithgow, and by Torphichen, Bathgate, and Whitburn, to the oonfines of the county of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn, the road from Borrowstouness to the River Avon, and the road leading eastward from Borrowstouness to Champany, by the Kirk of Camden, in the county of Linlithgow.

An Act for building a bridge over the River Leven, in the county of Fife, and otherwise improving the road from Boreland Loan to Sconie Bridge.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the road from Causeway Head, near Stirling, through the county of Clackmanan, by the foot of the Ochil Hills, towards Queen's Ferry, and certain roads branching out of the same.

An Act for further and more effectually repairing and maintaining several Turnpike Roads in the county of Roxburgh.

An Act for further and more effectually repairing and maintaining certain turnpike roads in the counties of Roxburgh and Dumfries.

An Act to explain and amend an Act intituled An Act to make," alter, improve, and maintain certain roads in the counties of " Stirling, Dumbarton, Lanark, and Perth," and for making and maintaining certain new roads in connexion therewith.

An Act for maintaining and improving certain roads in the counties of Lanark, Ayr, and Renfrew, for maintaining a bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock, and for other purposes connected therewith.

CHAPTER 91.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have leased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[6th August 1873.]

TXT HE REAS, with a view to the revision of the Statute ' ' Law, and particularly to the preparation of the Revised Edition of the Statutes now in progress, it is expedient that certain enactments (mentioned in the schedule to this Act) which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express and specific repeal by Parliament,

3 A 2

556

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

Enactments in

schedule

repealed.

Saving.

[Short title.]

or have, by lapse of time and change of circumstances, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, subject to the exceptions and qualifications in the schedule mentioned:

Provided that where any enactment not comprised in the schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act: and the repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not affect any Act in which such enactment has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon, or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity, — or any right or title already acquired or accrued, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice or procedure, or existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, or emolument, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. This Act may be cited as The Statute Law Revision Act,

1873.

1873.

Statute law Revision.

Ch. 91.

557

SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part, first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning, or as forming the end, of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

15 Geo. 2. c. 30. | GEORGE 11. An Act to prevent the Marriage of Lunaticks.

42 Geo. 3. c. 90. in part. GEORGE III. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia \ . in England, and for augmenting the Militia - J 1 P*1 Section Eighty-two.

c. 91. in part. An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scot- \^ land Jin part; namely, — Sections One and Twelve, so far as they relate to the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and of officers in the Militia. Section One from " and shall certify " to " disapproved by His Majesty". Section Nine from "and every Deputy Lieutenant" to end of that section. Section Sixteen from " and the Lieutenant with " to" authorized to pay the same ". Section Forty-seven from " and a reasonable Allowance 99 to end of that section. Section Seventy-one from "although" to " Captains ". Section Seventy-two from " and every such Surgeon shall " to " Battalion to which he shall belong ". Section Seventy-three from " although " to " respectively ". Section Seventy-six. Section Seventy-seven from " and all Sergeants, Corporals" to " legally discharged". Section Seventy-eight. Section Seventy-mne from " all which Sergeants " to end of that Section. Section Eighty-two from "with the Approbation of His Majesty" to end of that section. Section One hundred and three from "and every Sergeant" to "no more ", and from " and such Adjutant " to end of that section. ' Sections One hundred and eight and One hundred and seventy-one.

44 Geo. 3. c. 54. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry I and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make C P further Regulations relating thereto - J Section Forty-one.

47 Geo. 3. Seas. 2. c. 41. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money upon Bond instead of increasing their Capital Stock. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

48 Geo. 3. c. 140. in part. An Act for the more effectual Administration of the 'j Office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more I . .., effectual Prevention of Felonies within the District [P* ' 04 e of Dublin Metropolis - -J Sections Sixty-eight and Ninety-one to Ninety-three. 3 A 3

558

Ch. 91.

Statute Lem Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 144. An Act for the more effectual Protection of Oyster Fisheries and the Brood of Oysters, in England.

49 Geo. 3. c. 120: in part. An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of 1 Parliament the several Laws for raising and train- > in part; namely, — ing the Militia of Ireland - J Sections Thirty-five and One hundred and thirty-nine.

51 Geo. 3. c. 1. - An Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness; and for the Resumption or the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.

c. 2. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, m Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

c. 3. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

c. 4. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

c. 5. An Act for raising the Sum of One million by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

c. 6. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

c. 8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 9. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 10. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as the same relate to the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the same.

c. 11. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Dw of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as the same relate to the Duty on Coals imported into the Harbour of Dublin, and to the regulating the Coal Trade thereof.

c. 12. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

c. 13. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — ^Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and twelve.

c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irisji Linens exported, — and ends with the words, — Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

c. 15. An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the purposes and in Manner therein mentioned.

c. 17. An Act to render valid certain Acts done for completing the Regular Militia, and to indemnify the Persons concerned therein.

c. 18. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, — and ends with the words, — First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

559

c. 19. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others.

c. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words, — Vessel entered inwards or outwads from or to any Port in Ireland.

c. 25. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

c. 27. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Fifty-first Years of His present Majesty, for continuing certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, and other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts.

c. 28. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 29. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. Two Acts of the Forty-fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

c. 31. An Act to continue, during the present War and until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and amend an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain.

c. 33. An Act for repealing so much of Two Acts of the Fourteenth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty as relates to weaving Blue Stripes m British Calicoes.

c. 40. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for repealing certain Parts of several Acts relating to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland.

c. 41. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An"| Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the 1 . > i Eighteenth Year-and ends with the words, -Vre- namely, -venting such Felonies - - J Section One.

c. 42. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to empower the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exonerate Distillers of Spirits from Sugar, — and ends with the words, — Duties imposed by the said Act.

c. 44. An Act for imposing an additional Duty on Linen imported into Great Britain during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

c. 45. An Act for taking away the public Use of certain Ships Rooms in the Town of Saint John, in the Island of Newfoundland; and for instituting Surrogate Courts on the Coast of Labrador, and in certain Islands adjacent thereto. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 46. An Act to authorize the Officers of the Customs to act for the Superintendent of Quarantine, and his Assistant.

c. 47. An Act for carrying into Effect the Provisions of a Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions:

c. 51. An Act for abolishing the Duties of the Prizage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland:

560

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 53. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hunderd and eleven;

c. 54. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven;

c. 60. An Act to repeal the Duties of Stamps on Hats made in Ireland, and on Licences to Persons to manufacture Hats, or to utter or vend Hats in Ireland, and all Regulations for securing the said Duties.

c. 63. / An Act to authorize the Punishment, by Confinement and hard Labour, of Persons in Ireland liable to Transportation; and to repeal so much of a former Act as relates to that Subject.

c. 64. in part. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise a further Sum of Money upon Bond, instead of increasing their Capital Stock; and 1 . to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative thereto - J Except the last two Sections. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 70. c. 75. in part. An Act for repealing the Hat Duty in Great Britain. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for making 'j further Provision for the Payment of Salaries and other Charges 1 . in the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, — and f ' ends with the words, — to take up Ships by private Contract - J Except Section Four. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 76. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for letting to farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling, — and ends with the words, — facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties.

c. 78. in part. An Act to make Provision in certain Cases for the Wives *| and Families of Serjeants, Corporals Drummers, and > in part; namely, — Privates, serving in the Militia of Ireland - - J Section One. Section Twenty-five, except as to the county of the city of Dublin. Sections Thirty-one and Thirty-two.

c. 80. An Act to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of Pariah Apprentices.

c. 81. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of August, — and ends with the words, — accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

c. 84. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words, — so far as relates to Coal Meters and Corn Meters of the City of London.

c. 85. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

c. 86. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July, — and ends with the words, — Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into and from Ireland.

c. 88. An Act for raising the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

561

c. 90. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

c. 91. An Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents, which have been growing due in Ireland.

c. 92. An Act to repeal certain Parts of several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the Tolls on Stage Coaches, carrying above a certain Number of Passengers, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

c. 94. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of July, — and ends with the words, — ascertaining the Bounclaries of the said Forest, and the Lands of the Crown within the same.

c. 95. An Act to explain and amend certain Laws of Excise respecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction; the allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions; and to the Water Mark of the Year on Paper intended for Exportation.

c. 99. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Registering of certain Property purchased or sold under the Land Tax Redemption Act, in Right of which Persons may claim to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

c. 103. in part. An Act to authorize the allowing Officers to retire 1 on Half Pay or other Allowances, under certain > in part; namely, — Restrictions - -J Section Two. Section Three, the words " or on Full Pay from any Veteran Battalion ".

c. 107. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

c. 108. An Act the title of which begins with the words* — An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

c. 109. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

c. 111. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for permitting Sir William Bishop and George Bishop to continue, — and ends with the words, — Treasury to exonerate Distillers of Spirits from Sugar from the Excess of Duties therein mentioned.

c. 112. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

c. 113. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

c. 114. in part. An Act to permit the Services of the Regiment of! Miners of Cornwall and Devon to be extended to I in part; namely, — Ireland - - J Section One. Section Two to " instead thereof ". Sections Five, Eight, and Ten to Fourteen.

c. 117. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for panting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 118. in part. An Act to permit the Interchange of the British and \ Irish Militias respectively - - . j-m part; namely, -Section One.

562

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 119. Section Two to "instead thereof" and from "And every Person" to end of that Section, so far as the last-mentioned part relates to the Militia raised in Great Britain. Section Five, so far as it relates to 49 Geo. 3. c. 86. and to the Militia raised in England. Sections Eleven to Fifteen. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Forty-second and Forty-seventh Years, — and ends with the words, — Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 121. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to suspend the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, — and ends with the words, — Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

c. 122. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of January, — and ends with the words, — Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the same.

c. 123. c. 124. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act farther to extend and render more effectual certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year, — and ends with the words, — extending the Provisions of the said former Acts.

c. 125. c. 126. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to extend an Act i made in the Eighteenth Year, — and ends with the words, — Expences of i Hustings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster.

c. 127. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for making more . effectual Provision for preventing the current Gold Coin, — and ends with the words, — staying Proceedings upon any Distress by Tender of such Notes.

c. 128. An Act to explain an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to permit the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias respectively.

52 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

c. 4. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

c. 5. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Servipe of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

c. 6. An Act for making provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition.

c. 7. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum for defraying the Expences incident to the Assumption of the personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty.

j

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

563

c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Household, — and ends with the words, — Administration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's Illness.

c. 10. An Act the tiUe of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words, — Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

c. 11. in part. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth andf| Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing | certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of San part; namely, — Commons, and to establish other and further Regu- I lations in the said Offices - -J Section One. Section Three from "and shall by" to end of that Section. Section Four. Section Five from "and applied by " to end of that Section. Section Six from " and it shall be " to end of that Section. Sections Seven to Ten, Twelve and Thirteen. Section Fifteen from " Provided " to end of that Section. Section Sixteen from "and in the Case" to end.

c. 12. An Act for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores to Ireland.

c. 13. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

c. 17. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or are apprehended.

c. 19. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

c. 20. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue several Laws relating to permitting the Importation of Tobacco, — and ends with the words, — Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

c. 21. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Oaths administered to and taken by certain Members of the House of Commons before Deputies of the late Lord Stewart of His Majesty's Household, during the Vacancy of the said Office.

c. 22. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 23. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 25. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

c. 28. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, making Provision for the Families of Militia I in part; namely, — Men in Ireland - - - J The last two Sections.

c. 31. i An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against lewd and wandering Persons pretending themselves to be Soldiers or Mariners.

564

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months, — and ends with the words, — Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free.

c. 38. in part. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local nMnely, — Militia m England - - r — 9 Section One. Section Two, the words " being qualified as herein after is directed, and" — "qualified as herein after directed," and from "and shall certify" to "disapproved by His Majesty;". Sections Five and Seven to Twelve. Section Thirteen, the words " with the like Qualifications, and Section Fifteen. Section Seventeen from " and if " to " Act, ". Section Nineteen. Section Thirty-nine to "present Period of Service in the said Local Militia: Provided always, that ". Sections Sixty-nine to Seventy-one. Section Seventy-seven from " although " to " for Captains Section Seventy-nine from "although" to "respectively Sections Eighty-one, One hundred and ninety-eight and One hundred and ninety-nine. Section Two hundred and one so tea as it relates to courts in the principality of Wales or of the county palatine of Chester. Section Two hundred and nine. Schedule (A.).

c. 40. An Act to make Provision for a limited Time respecting certain Grants of Offices.

c. 41. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others.

c. 43. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 45. An Act to suspend the Exportation from Ireland to Parts beyond the Seas of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

c. 47. An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, as relates to Ireland.

c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session, — and ends with the words, — staying Proceedings upon any Distress by Tender of such Notes; and to extend the same to Ireland.

c. 54. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hupdred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

c. 57. An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, an Annuity of Thirty-six thousand Pounds, instead of the Annuity settled on them by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty.

c. 61. An Act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof.

c. 65. An Act to allow the Use of Sugar in brewing Beer in Great Britain.

c. 66. in part.

c. 67.

c. 68. in part.

c. 69. c. 73.

c. 74.

c. 78. c. 80.

c. 83.

c. 84.

c. 86.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year, — and ends with the words, — Grant of such Offices -

Sections Three and Four.

Section Six from " within " to u thereafter Sections Seven, Twelve, and Sixteen to Eighteen.

An Act for settling and securing certain Annuities on the Widow and eldest Son of the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of his other Children.

AlMU*r.Sa, .S" U" "f8 10 'H *

Section One.

Section Two, the words " being qualified as herein after is directed, and" — "qualified as herein after directed," and from "and shall certify " to " disapproved by His Majesty Sections Five to Ten.

Section Eleven, the words " with the like Qualifications, and ".

Section Thirteen.

Section Fifteen from " and actually " to " Act, ".

Section Seventeen.

Section Thirty-seven to " present Period of Service in the said Local Militia: Provided always, that Sections Sixty-seven to Sixty-nine.

Sections Seventy-six from " although " to u for Captains Section Seventy-eight from " although " to "respectively Sections Eighty, One hundred and seventy-nine. One hundred and eighty, and One hundred and eighty-nine *

Schedule (A.).

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, imported into and exported from Ireland.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief of the Poor within England, and enlarging the rowers of the Guardians of the Poor, as limits the annual Amount of the Assessments.

An Act the title of which[begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the First Day of January, — and ends with the words, — Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the same.

An Act to make better Provision for the Commissioners of Appeal in Revenue Causes in Ireland.

An Act for extending the Period in which Deeds were directed to be enrolled by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending several Acts for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

in part; namely, —

89. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Expiration of SLx Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[2Vo. 48. Rriee 2d.] 3 B

c. 90.

c. 91.

c. 92.

c. 95. in part.

c. 105. in part.

c. 111.

c. 112.

c. 113. c. 114.

c. 121.

c. 122.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of August, — and ends with the words, — accounting for public Money in Ireland.

An Act to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland .....

Except Sections Thirteen, Fourteen, Twenty, Twenty-three, and Twenty-four.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, amend, and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year, — and ends with the words, — Militia, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution and securing the due Application thereof -

inpart; namely, —

So far as relates to the Acts —

48 Geo. 3. c. 107.

37 Geo. 3. c. 4.

43 Geo. 3. cc. 82, 83.

44 Geo. 3. cc. 56, 66.

47 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. c. 71.

49 Geo. 3. c. 53.

50 Geo. 3. c. 24.

51 Geo. 3. c. 20.

Section Five, so far also as it relates to courts in the principality of Wales or of the county palatine of Chester.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Fourpence Irish Currency by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Excheauer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

An Act to authorize the Transfer to the East Indies of Debts originally contracted there on the Part of the East India Company, payable in England.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to remove Doubts as to an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to raising Men for the Service of the East India Company.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 125. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

c. 127. An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the making of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for suspending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch.

c. 129. An Act for amending Two Acts passed in the Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Lire Annuities.

o. 132. An Act the title of which begins with the wotds, — An Act for explaining, amending, and extending the several Laws, — and ends with the words, — Pensions paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army.

c. 133. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

<5. 134. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade in 1, Ireland ..... ./ m part; namely, — Section One. Section Fourteen the words — c< made otherwise than as herein directed, or " (wherever they occur) — " or not having the Staves, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thickness herein-after reauired," — from " and no " to " public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies;" — from " and in case any " to " Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be;" — " but they shall not give any Allowance for Soakage on any such Cask," — " not made as herein, or " — " or not having the Staves, Bottom and Head thereof of the Thickness herein after mentioned and required," — " made or " and " or not having the Staves, Bottom and Head thereof of the Thickness herein after required, ". Section Fifteen to " determine concerning the same;". Section Seventeen from " and that every " to " such Cask or Casks Section Eighteen. Section Nineteen, the words " and Allowance for Soakage " and " or Allowance for Soakage Section Twenty. Section Twenty-three, the words " not made conformable to this Act, or are " — " or have not the Staves, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thickness herein required," — " to be made contrary to Law, or " and "or not to have the Staves, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thickness herein required, ". Section Twenty-six from " such Person " to " Evidence Section Thirty-two.

c. 137. An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned.

c. 143. in part. An Act for amending and reducing into One Act the Provisions conO tained in any Laws now in force imposing the Penalty of Death for any Act done in Breach of or in Resistance to any Part of the f* Laws for collecting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain J Except Section Six.

c. 146. in part. An Act for the better regulating and preserving Parish and other Registers of Births, Baptisms, Marriages, >in part; namely, — and Burials in England - - J Section Eleven from " without Postage " to end of that Section. Sections Thirteen and Nineteen. Section Twenty from " Provided always " to end of that Section. 3 B 2

568

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 148. An Act to enable the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the Time being to dispose of and transfer all such Publick Stocks or Funds as now do or shall nereafter stand in his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in Trust for His Majesty.

c. 149. An Act to regulate the Separation of damaged from sound Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until the End of Two Years from the passing of this Act.

c. 151. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act' to extend the Provisions of an Act of the last Session, — and ends with the words, — Pensions and Allowances Sin part; namely, — as are given to British Officers under the like Circumstances Section Three.

c. 152. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office.

c. 154. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 155. in part. An Act to repeal certain Acts, nnd amend other Acts relating to Religious Worship and Assemblies, and > in part; namely, — Persons teaching or preaching therein - - J Section One. Section Ten so far as it relates to courts in Wales or of the county palatine of Chester.

c. 160. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to order parochial Relief to Prisoners confined under Mesne Process for Debt in such Gaols as are not County Gaols.

c. 162. An Act for the Preservation of the Public Peace in certain disturbed Counties in England; and to give, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, additional Powers to Justices for that Purpose.

c. 163. c. 164. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.

c. 165. 53 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. An Act to continue, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Use of Sugar in Brewing Beer in Great Britain.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — staying Proceedings upon any Distress by Tender of such Notes.

c. 6. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England; and to enlarge the Powers of the same in certain Cases.

c. 7. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December, — and ends with the words, — Duties on Spirits made from Sugar in Ireland.

c. 12. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have advised or acted under an Order in Council for allowing the Importation of certain Articles into the West Indies, and for permitting such Importation until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

569

c. 14. An Act to explain so much of Two Acts, for regulating His Majesty's Household and other Purposes, as relates to the Powers of the Commissioners for the Care and Management of His Majesty's Real and Personal estate.

c. 15. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar. Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

c. 16. An Act for raising the Sum of Tep millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

c. 17. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 23. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of this Session as continues the Prohibition of the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food.

c. 24-in part* c. 25. An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice - in part; namely, — Section Four. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 26. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

c. 27. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain* for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

c. 28. in part. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for amending the Laws yin part; namely, — relating to the Local Militia in England - - J Sections Four and Six.

c. 29. in part. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the''I last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in | P Scotland ..... -J Section One to "repealed; and, ". Sections Four, Six, and Sixteen. Section Twenty to " thereof, ". Section Twenty-one.

c. 31. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.

c. 32. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

c. 35. An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt; and for making further Provision in respect thereof.

c. 39. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

c. 40. An Act to repeal so much of several Acts, passed in England and Scotland respectively as empowers Justices of the Peace to rate Wages, or set Prices of Work, for Artificers Labourers, or Craftsmen. 3 B 3

570

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 42. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

c. 43. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 45. An Act for repealing Two Acts which prohibit the Exportation of Brass and other Metal from England.

c. 46. c. 54. An Act for the further Regulation of the Butter Trade of Ireland. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices.

c. 64. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of the Court of \ Session in Scotland - - -/m Partj Sections Eight, Thirteen, Fifteen, Sixteen, and Eighteen.

c. 65. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

c. 67. An Act for empowering His Majesty to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from the West Indies, South America, and Newfoundland, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

c. 70. An Act to authorize the Sellers of Glass, Hides, Tobacco, and Snuff, to charge the additional Duties on any such Articles ordered before but not delivered until after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

c. 73. An Act to declare that the Duties of Excise and Drawbacks, granted and made payable in Ireland on Tobacco by an Act of this Session, are payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency.

c. 74. An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duty on Malt made in Ireland.

c. 76. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Irish Road Acts, so far as the same relate to the Appointment of Supervisors on Mail Coach Roads, to all Roads made and repaired by Presentment.

c. 78. An Act to continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty's reign, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

c. 79. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

c. 80. An Act for raising the Sum of Three hundred and thirty thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

c. 81. in part. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Militia, *| and to enlisting of the Militia into His Majesty's V in part; namely, — Regular Forces -J Sections Two and Five to Nine.

c. 83. An Act to increase the Allowance to Innkeepers for Diet furnished to Soldiers on a March.

c. 88. An Act to substitute a Declaration in lieu of an Oath in the Verification of the Books of Persons dealing in certain Exciseable Articles.

c. 89. in part.

c. 90.

c. 91. c. 93. c. 94.

c. 96.

c. 99.

c. 101.

c. 102. c. 109.

c. 110.

c. 118. c. 119.

c. 122.

c. 123. in part.

An

An Act for the more regular Conveyance of Writs for \.

the Election of Members to serve m Parliament - J m na e

Section Two from " the Chancellor "to" Cinque Ports, ". Section Five from " and that the " to end of that Section.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia m Great Britain while disembodied.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise on Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Trial and Punishment of Offences committed by Soldiers detached in Places beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to dissolve the Corporation of the Royal Canal Company in Ireland, — and ends with the words, — Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to suspend the Exportation of Foreign Spirits from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, — and ends with the words, — Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five millions six hundred and seventy thousand and seven hundred Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

An Act for confirming the Renunciation made by Spencer Perceval, Esquire, of his Pensions on his taking the Office of a Teller of the Exchequer.

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax -

Sections Two and Five to Seven.

Section Twelve from " the said last " to " aforesaid, ".

Section Thirt&n so far as it relates to additional assessments.

Section Fourteen from " and the " to end of that Section.

Sections Fifteen and Eighteen.

Section Twenty-two from " or sh all refuse " to " any Land Tax, ".

Section Twenty-three.

Section Thirty to " and that ".

Sections Thirty-one to Thirty-nine, Forty-one to Forty-three, and Forty-five.

Schedules [C.] and [D.]

in part; namely, —

572

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 127. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts 1 in England, and for the more easy Recovery of Church > in part; namely, — Rates and Tithes - - - J Section Seven, except as to any rate the payment of which may still be enforced by process of law. Section Eight from " and also " to end of that Section. Section Ten.

c. 130. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of January, — and ends with the words, — accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

C. 131. An Act to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland. Repealed, except as to the county of the city of Dublin.

c. 132. in part. An Act to extend the Services of the Militia of the \. n.mn. Tower Hamlets to all Parts of the United Kingdom Jm^ 9 Sections One and Three.

c. 135. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Two Acts of the Forty-fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.

c. 136. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 138. c. 139. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for exempting Bankers and others from certain Penalties, — and ends with the words, — Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.

c. 142. in part. An Act to explain and amend several Acts relative to \ nfmi the Land Tax - - -J p Section Two from " for the previous 99 to " gratis, ". Sections Six and Eight.

c. 144. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for pro- tin part; namely, — moting Inland Navigation in Ireland - - J Section Two.

c. 146. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Post Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Majesty's Post Office more secure and expeditious.

c. 151. An Act for regulating the Office of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty and High Court of Appeals for Prizes.

c. 152. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of January, — and ends with the words, — Expences of Hustings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster.

c. 153. in part. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant additional') Annuities to the Judges of ^Jie Courts in West- kin part; namely, — minster Hall, on their Resignation of their Offices - J Section Two from " except " to " said Duties, ".

c. 154. in part. An Act to render valid and to authorize the Payment! # and granting of certain Pensions at Kilmamham Hospital; and to empower the Commissioners of >in part; namely, — the said Hospital to commute Pensions for a Sum of Money in certain Cases -Sections One and Two.

573

c. 155. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — AiT Act for continuing in the East India Company, — and ends with the words, — Trade to and from the >in part; namely, — Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter - -J Sections One to Thirty-two, Forty. Forty-one, Forty-four to Forty-eight, and Fifty-four to Seventy-six. Section Seventy-seven from and after the 1st day of June 1874. Sections Seventy-eight, Eighty, Eighty-one, Eighty-three, Eighty-seven, Eighty-eight, Ninety to Ninety-two, Ninety-five, Ninety-seven to Ninety-nine, One hundred and one, One hundred and four to One hundred and nine, and One hundred and twelve to One hundred and twenty-two. Section One hundred and twenty-four so far as it applies to British India. Section One hundred and twenty-five. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 157. An Act for granting the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds to John Palmer, Esquire, in Consideration of the Public Services performed by the said John Palmer, in the Improvement of the Post Office Revenue.

c. 160. An Act to relieve Persons who impugn the Doctrine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties.

c. 161. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Five Millions, for the Service of Great Britain; and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.

c. 162. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal a certain Provision respecting Persons convicted of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, — and ends with the words, — making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

54 Geo. 3. c. 2. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

c. 6. An Act to stay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. Proceedings in Actions under an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons.

c. 7. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fiffch Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and amend an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

c. 9. An Act for fixing the Commencement and Termination of Licences to be granted for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Scotland.

c. 10. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias respectively.

c. 13. An Act for giving Effect to certain Engagements of His Majesty with the Emperor of all the Russias and the King of Prussia, for furnishing a Part of the pecuniary Succours for assisting His Majesty's said Allies, in supporting the Expences of the War with France.

c. 18. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

c. 19. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of the Local Militia, out of their Counties, under certain Restrictions, and until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

574

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 22. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Fifty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

c. 23. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

c. 24. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.

c. 25. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 26. An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

c. 27. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

c. 28. c. 29. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. An Act to charge an additional Duty of Customs on Brandy imported into Great Britain for the Purpose of Exportation, and which shall be taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, before the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

c. 30. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Removal of Offenders to temporary places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

c. 31. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large, as amended by an Act of the Thirty-sixth of His Majesty.

c. 35. An Act to extend the period for allowing Importations from and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

c. 38. An Act for allowing a certain proportion of the London Militia to enlist into the Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; also, a certain Proportion to enlist annually into the Regular Forces; and for completing the said Militia.

c. 39. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

c. 40. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Payment of Drawback on the Exportation of French Wine m certain Cases.

c. 41. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

c. 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May, — and ends with the words, — Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons.

c. 47.

c. 49.

c. 51. c. 52.

c. 53. c. 54.

c. 55.

c. 56. in part.

c. 57.

c. 58.

c. 61. in part.

c. 62. in part.

c. 68. in part.

c. 70. c. /I.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to Continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Nine Months, — and ends with the words, — Articles into and from the West Indies, South America, and Newfoundland.

An Act to revive and further continue, until Nine Months after the Conclusion of the present War, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, during the Continuance of any Act, — and ends vritfy the words, — greater Value than the Current Value of such Coin; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to discontinue Proceedings in certain Actions, — and ends with the words, — An Act of the present Session of Parliament, for staying Proceedings under the said Act.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of' His present Majesty, for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts, and other Things therein mentioned; and for giving further Encouragement to such Arts - The last Section from " excepting " to end.

in part; namely, —

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty-fifth Year, — and ends with the words, — Articles of the British Plantations, to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

An Act to continue, during the present Hostilities with the United States of America, an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Traae of the United Kingdom.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-second Year,

— and ends with the words, — discharge tl|e Duty thereof in Person, and behave well therein The last Section to " and that ".

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to amend several Acts for erecting or establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals, in Ireland, so far as relates to the Surgeons and Apothecaries of such Infirmaries or Hospitals -Sections One to Three.

An Act for the better regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; \ #_

and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes - J: Except Section Nine to "such deceased Proctor or Proctors;" and Sections Ten, Twelve, and Fourteen.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva.

|»in part; namely, —

j-in part; namely, —

576

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 73. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

c. 74. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

c. 75. An Act for raising the Sam of One Million seven hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

c. 78. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and of another Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, as respects the Removal of Wool, within a certain Distance of the Sea.

c. 79. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

c. 80. An Act for raising the Sam of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

c. 81. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Fifth day of July, — and ends with the words, — Merchandize into and from Ireland, and to make further Regulations for securing the Collection of the said Duties.

c. 83. An Act for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and Issues of His Majesty's Treasury, and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants in Ireland.

c. 92. in part. An Act to secure the Payment of Stamp Duties on'| Probates and Letters of Administration, and on 1 Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy, or In- f testacy, in Ireland - - -J Sections One, Six, Forty to Forty-two, and Forty-four. Except as to Annuities the duty on which became payable on or before the 19th day of May 1853, so much of the Schedule as contains Tables of the values of annuities and Rules for inferring the values of annuities.

c. 94. An Act to grant additional Annuities to Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, who had resigned their Offices before the last Augmentation of Salaries granted to the Judges of those Courts.

c. 96. in part. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of' Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act containing divers _OTT_, Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of " P^* Husbandry, and Apprentices -Section One.

c. 98. An Act to empower the Auditor General of the Accounts in Spain and Portugal to examine Accounts of Public Expenditure in France.

c. 99. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

c. 100. An Act the title of which begins voith the words, — An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty-seventh Year, — and ends with the words, — Articles of the British Plantations; to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

c. 105. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Duties and Taxes heretofore imposed and levied under the Authority of the several Governments in the East Indies. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

577

c. 107. An Act to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of Parish Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlement of Poor Persons.

c. 108. An Act to repeal Two Acts of the Thirtieth and Thirty-second Years of King Charles the Second, for burying in Woollen, and for indemnifying Persons against Penalties for Offences committed against the' said Acts.

c. 111. An Act to continue certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, and the making, removing, selling, and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, without Licence.

c. 112. c. 114. An Act for the further Encouragement of Fever Hospitals in Ireland. An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

c. 115. An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing the pernicious Practice of burning Land, and for the more effectual destroying of Vermin.

c. 123. in part. A11 Act to amend an Act of the Thirty-ninth and! Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to prevent V in part; namely, — Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops - - J Section One from " or shall before " to " Place," and from " to be recovered " to end of that Section. Section Two.

c. 125. An Act to continue, until the end of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America.

c. 127. An Act to permit the Exportation to Foreign Parts from Scotland and Ireland of Linen Cloth without Stamps.

c. 130. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

c. 132. An Act to repeal the Duty payable in Ireland on certain Houses or Tenements under the annual Value of Ten Pounds.

c. 134. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the First Day of January, — and ends with the words, — Asiatic Seamen arriving in tins Kingdom.

c. 135. An Act to further explain and amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing certain Parts of several Acts relating to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland.

c. 149. An Act. to regulate, until the end of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland, reciprocally.

c. 152. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the making, keeping, and carriage of Gunpowder within Great Britain.

c. 157. An Act for the better Regulation of the Conduct of the Business of the Office of Works, and the Expenditure thereof.

c. 158. An Act to continue for One Year, certain Acts for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

c. 159. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of the several Ports/ Harbours, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays, and Navigable Rivers in the United Kingdom, and of I 1 His Majesty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, fm Part5 namely, — Moorings, and Stores therein, and for repealing several Acts passed for that Purpose Section One. Section Twenty-seven so far as it relates to venue and plea of the general issue, but as to this section so far only as it relates to Ireland.

c. 160. An Act to enable His Majesty to settle an Annuity upon Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales during the Joint Lives of His Majesty and of Her Royal Highness.

c. 162. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Beresford, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Beresford shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

c. 165. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Hill, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Hill shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

c. 166. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Lvnedoch, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Lynedoch shall aescend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

c. 167. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money arisen or to arise from certain Duties, — and ends with the words, — appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 168. An Act to amend the Laws respecting the Attestation of Instruments of Appointment and Revocation made in exercise of certain Powers in Deeds, Wills, and other Instruments.

c. 170. in part. An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Acts for the Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor, and to > in part; namely, — make other Provisions in relation thereto - - J Sections Eight and Nine.

c. 171. An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to restore Seizures, or remit or mitigate Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures incurred concerning any Laws relating to the Customs or Excise or Navigation and Trade of Great Britain.

c. 172. An Act for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers Wash, Spirits, and Licences, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

c. 173. in part. An Act to alter and amend certain of the Powers and"] Provisions of several Acts passed for the Redemption 1 ., and Sale of the Land Tax, and for making further f P 9 Provision for the Redemption thereof - - J Sections One to Three, Five, Seven, Ten, and Eleven. Section Fourteen from " entering " to " passing this Act Section Eighteen.

c. 175. An Act to explain and amend several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices in England, for One Year, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 176. An Act for defraying the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

C. 177. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and for making Allowances m certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

579

c. 178. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Discipline certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland.

c. 179. in part. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-ninth" Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of >in part; namely, — Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland - -/ Section One.

c. 180. An Act to provide for the preserving and restoring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any Time be disturbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations or Conspiracies.

c. 182. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain.

c. 184. An Act for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for Five Years.

c. 186. An Act for the more easy apprehending and trying of Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other.

c*. 188. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.

c. 189. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

c. 190. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session, — and ends with the words, — Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

55 Geo. 3. c. 3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

c. 4. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

c. 5. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England.

c. 7. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting Duties of Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and for granting and allowing certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, — and ends with the words, — States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

3 C 2

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 9. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present Hostilities, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America.

c. 11. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, — and ends with the words, — Merchants or Factors during the present War.

c. 15. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty-second Year of His present Majesty, for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition.

c. 18. An Act to settle and secure an Annuity on Lord Walsingham, in consideration of his Services as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords.

c. 19. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences, — and ends with the words, >:— — immoderate Use of Spintuous Liquors in Ireland - - J Except Section One to " other Act or Acts and from " and that the " to end of that Section, Sections Nine, Nineteen, Sixty-four, Sixty-five, Section Sixty-seven from " and in " to end of that Section, Sections Sixty-eight, Seventy-six to Eighty-three, One hundred and one, the paragraphs of the* Schedule which begin with the words "Any Licence to any Person to exercise the Trade or Calling" and " And farther for every " and the sums of money opposite those paragraphs in the outer column.

c. 20. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 21. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 27. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

c. 28. An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

c. 30. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff, and Excise Licences.

c. 32. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session, — and ends with the words, — -certain Countervailing Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties, on Refined Sugar.

c. 33. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

c. 34. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act made In the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever.

c. 38. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as directs that no Bleaching Powder, made in Ireland and brought into Scotland, should be removed into England.

c. 39. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

581

c. 40. An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions three hundred and twenty-three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

c. 41. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

c. 42. in part. An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in 1 that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, >* in part; namely, — by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes - J Sections Two to Four, Ten and Eleven. Section Twelve from " out of which " to " appoint and the words " the Remainder of ". Sections Thirteen, Fourteen, and Eighteen. Section Twenty-one to " said Issue Sections Thirty-four, Thirty-six to Thirty-eight, and Forty-two to Forty-five.

c. 44. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the admitting wid landing of certain Prize Vessels and Goods in Ireland; to continue in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

c. 47. An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways.

c. 48. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols and Houses of Correction within England and Wales.

c. 50. in part. An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other Fees con- *1 . nected with the Gaols in England - - .]*« part; namely, -Sections Two and Three. Section Five to " Act, ". Sections Ten, Fourteen, and Fifteen.

c. 51. in part. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King*) George the Second, for the more easy assessing, >in part; namely, — collecting, and levying of County Rates - - J Section Seventeen from " so much " to " and that ".

c. 52. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, several Acts for charging additional Duties on Copper imported into Great Britain.

c. 53. An Act to revive and continue for One Year the Duties and Contributions on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices in Great Britain.

c. 54. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and to establish, for Twelve Months, other Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain Cases.

c. 63. An Act to repeal the additional Duty on British-made Wine or Sweets granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

c. 64. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to the granting Gratuities by the East India Company. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 65. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia 1 ., , of Great Britain ..... _J-mpart; namely, - Sections One to Four. Section Seven to " Service; and Section Nine, so far as regards the authority to grant commissions. 3 C 3

582

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 70. in part.

c. 71.

in part.

c. 73. c. 75.

c. 76.

c. 77.

c. 84. in part.

c. 85. c. 86.

c. 89. in part.

c. 90. in part.

c. 91. c. 93.

c. 97.

An Act for better regulating the Formation and!

Arrangement of the Judicial and other Records of the V in part; namely, — Court of Session in Scotland -

Section One from " to be appointed " to end of that Section.

Section Two from " Provided " to end of that Section.

Sections Five to Seven.

An Act to regulate Hawkers and Pedlars in Scotland > - in part; namely, — Sections One to Three, Five, Six, Ten, Thirteen, and Fourteen.

Section Sixteen from " in any Mart" to end of that Section.

Section Seventeen to end of Act.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, — and ends with the words, — carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

An Act to enable His Majesty, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to accept the Services of the Local Militia, either in or out of their Counties, under certain Restrictions.

An Act to authorize, under present Circumstances, the Drawing out and Embodying of the British and Irish Militia, or any Part thereof.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty-third Year, — and ends with the words, — Provision for the Judges in the East Indies in certain cases -

Except Section One.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and continue for One Year, — and ends with the words, — Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, under certain Restrictions.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of]

His Majesty's Reign, for making Regulations for the f building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions I Houses in Ireland -

Sections Three and Four, except as to the county of the city of Dublin. Section Five.

in part; namely, —

An Act to explain an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, relative to Inland Navigations there, so far as relates to the Limitation of Actions against Canal Companies and others -Except to "accrued and not afterwards;".

An Act for the Payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses, in Cases of Felony in Ireland.

* An Act to repeal the Duties payable on, and the Permission to enter for Home Consumption, Silk Handkerchiefs imported by the East India Company.

An Act to grant to the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh a fixed Salary in place of their present Salary and certain Fees and Payments.

1

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

583

c.

c. 102.

c. 104. in part.

c. 103. c. 113.

c. 115. in part.

c. 117. c. 126.

c. 127. in part.

c. 130. c. 131. c. 132.

c. 139. c. 146.

c. 147. in part.

An Act to enable the Select Committee on the Downpatrick Election to reassemble, and to suspend the Transmission of the Warrants and other Proceedings for the Appointment of Commissioners to examine Witnesses in Ireland.

An Act to repeal certain Duties on Leather dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or imported from Ireland.

An Act to make further Provisions for the issuing of Licences to Persons to deal in, retail, make, or manufacture Spirits and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, and for securing the Duties of Excise payable by the Persons so licensed -Except Section Fifteen.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for altering certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties on Glass, — and ends with the words, — imported from Ireland for Private Use from Duty.

An Act to carry into effect a Convention made between *

His Majesty and the King of the Netherlands and > in part; namely, — the Emperor of all the Russias -

The last Section.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to permit, until Six Weeks, — and ends with the words, — Importation, in Neutral Vessels from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

An Act to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers, Allowances equivalent in Amount to the Half Pay given to British Officers under the like Circumstances.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty-third Year of' His present Majesty, for preventing the Embezzle- ' ment of Stores; and to extend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance, and Victualling Stores, to all other Public Stores -Section One.

>m part; namely, —

An Act for further regulating the Issue and Payment of Money to His Majesty's Forces serving Abroad.

An Act for discontinuing certain Deductions from Half Pay, and for further regulating the Accounts of the Paymaster General.

An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise in Ireland, upon Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain.

An Act to authorize His Majesty to regulate, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Trade with any French Colony which may come into His Majesty's Possession or remain Neutral.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act" for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands, — and ends with the words, — Lands to become Glebe in certain Cases, and for other Purposes -

Section One from " Provided " to " Chapelry Sections Seven to Nine.

Section Ten, so far as it relates to any mortgage.

>in part; namely, —

c. 148. c. 149. c. 150.

c. 154. c. 155.

c. 156.

c. 158.

c. 161. in part.

c. 162. c. 164.

c. 165.

c. 166. c. 167.

c. 171.

c. 173. c. 175.

c. 178.

An Act for raising the Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for tbs Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July, — and ends with the words, — reduce the Duties 'thereby imposed.

An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

An Act to enable Grand Juries to present additional Sums for Constables in Ireland, and for the secure Conveyance of Prisoners.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An" '

Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the Fifty-second Year, — and ends with the words, —

Trades, and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland -Sections One to Three.

in part; namely, —

An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Epsom Salt.

An Act to exonerate, in certain Cases, Foreign Spirits imported during the Suspension of the Spirit Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, from the additional Duty imposed thereon.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay. — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

An Act to continue for One Year certain Acts for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with France.

An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Forty-fifth Years of HiS present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

585

c. 180. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

c. 182. An Act to authorise the Directors General of Inland Navigation in Ireland to proceed in carrying on and completing the Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon.

c. 183. An Act to repeal the Bounties payable in Ireland on the Exportation of certain Calicoes and Cottons.

c. 184. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, — and >in part; namely, — ends with the words, — other Duties in lieu thereof - J Sections Twenty-five and Twenty-six. Section Fifty-two, the words " Ordinary or ". Section Fifty-five.

c. 185. in part. An Act for repealing the Stamp Office Duties on Advertisements, ^! Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold and Silver Plate, Stage Coaches, and 1 . Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now payable in Great Britain; [and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof -J Except Sections Two, Four, and the Schedule so far as such Sections and Schedule relate to the duties on plate, and except Section Seven.

c. 187. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums out of the respective Consolidated Funds, — and ends with the words, — appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 189. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for allowing Henry Meux, — and ends with the words, — Duties on the Malt and Hops expended in the Production of the Beer so lost.

c. 193. An Act to enable His Majesty, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to regulate the Trade and Commerce carried on between His Majesty's Subjects and the Inhabitants of the United States of America.

c. 196. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Six Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

56 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

c. 2. An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

c. 3f An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

c. 4. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

c. 6. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England.

c. 8. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of J uly One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

c. 10.

c. 11.

c. 12.

c. 13.

c. 14.

c. 16.

c. 17. c. 18.

c. 19.

c. 20.

c. 21.

c. 22.

c. 23.

c. 24. c. 27.

c. 28.

c. 30.

c. 31.

c. 32.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

An Act for the Naturalization of His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld; and settling his Precedence.

An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Six Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

An Act for better regulating the Offices of Receivers of Crown Rents.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

An Act to suspend, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported.

An Act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until Two Years, — and ends with the words, — Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England.

An Act for the more effectually detaining in Custody Napoleon Buonaparte.

An Act for regulating the Intercourse with the Island of Saint Helena, during the Time Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained there; and for indemnifying Persons in the Cases therein mentioned.

An Act for better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augusta, and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

An Act to amend several Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

An Act for indemnifying the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and all Persons who may have acted under their Authority, in relation to certain Orders issued and Things done relative to certain Acts regarding the Distilleries in Scotland.

An Act for transferring all Contracts and Securities entered into with or given to the Commissioners for Transports, to the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

587

c. 36. An Act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Reigns of King Edward the Fourth and King Richard the Third, which prohibit the Importation of Wrought Goods and certain other Articles.

c. 38. An Act to empower His Majesty to suspend the Ballot or Enrolment for the Local Militia.

c. 40. An Act for farther continuing until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

c. 41. An Act for raising the Sum of Two millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

c. 42. An Act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

c. 43. An Act for making certain Allowances of the Duties payable on Malt and Beer.

c. 45. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

c. 46. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List: — Except Sections Eight to Twelve.

c. 47. An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

c. 48. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

c. 50. in part. An Act to regulate the Sale of Farming Stock taken in \ . # name|v Execution ---- jmP Section Eleven, so far as it relates to an assignee of any insolvent debtor's estate.

c. 52. in part. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned -J Section Two. j>in part; namely, —

c. 53. An Act to amend and render more effectual Three several Acts passed in the Forty-eighth, Forty-ninth, and Fifty-second Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

c. 54. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

c. 55. in port. An Act the title of which begins tcith the words, — An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year, — and ends with the words, — Powers vested in the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland Sections Ten to Thirteen and Twenty-two. >in part 5 namely, —

588

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 58. in part. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty-first Year of") His present Majesty, for allowing the Manufacture 1 ., and Use of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for part; namely-colouring Porter - - -J Section One. Section Four from " and that " to end of that Section. Section Five.

c. 61. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

c. 64. in part. An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Militia of ] Great Britain, and to amend other Acts relating in part; namely, — thereto - - J Sections One to Three and Five.

c. 65. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and amend the Acts for granting Duties on the Profits arising from Property, — and ends with the words, — exempting Collectors Bonds from the Stamp Duties.

c. 67. An Act to enable such Officers, Marines, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

c. 69. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

c. 71. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents in Ireland.

C. 72. An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Discipline certain Yeomanry Corps, and Officers of Cavaliy or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland.

c. 76. An Act for repealing the several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

c. 87. in part. An Act to regulate Proceedings of Grand Juries ini ., , Ireland, upon Bills of Indictment - - _ jin part; namely, — Section One, the words " in Court

c. 90. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

c. 92. An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the United States of America.

o. 95. An Act to authorize such Person as His Majesty shall appoint to transfer a certain Sum in Three Pounds per Cent. Reduced Annuities, now standing in the Name of the dissolved College of Hertford, in the University of Oxford; and also to receive Dividends due upon such Annuities.

c. 96. in part. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Corn] pany of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three 1 . Millions for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred | and sixteen - - - . J Except Sections Three and Five.

Ch. 91.

589

c. 98. in part. An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund all "I the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, 1 ... _nTri and to provide for the Application thereof to the f general Service of the United Kingdom - - J Sections Four to Twelve. Section Thirteen to " seventeen," and from " and that the several " to end of that Section. Section Fourteen, so far as it relates to payment out of the revenues therein mentioned. Section Sixteen, so far as it relates to the office of Vice Treasurer for Ireland. Sections Seventeen, Nineteen to Twenty-one, and Twenty-three to Twenty-eight.

c. 102. An Act to amend the Act of the Fifty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England; and to give further Powers to the Court appointed by the said Act.

c. 104. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the' making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, — # and ends with the words, — Exporters of Exciseable Goods on Drawback to give Notice of Shipment - - Except Sections Twenty-five and Twenty-six.

c. 105. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and continue, until the End of the next Session, — and ends with the words, — Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively.

c. 106. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland upon Wash and Spirits, — and ends with the words, — Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

c. 107. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland.

c. 108. An Act to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties of Excise on Beer and Malt; to alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glass, and to prevent Frauds therein.

c. 109. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

c. 111. An Act to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland, to reduce the Drawback on such Spirits exported to Foreign Parts, and to make further Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland.

c. 116. in part. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year"] of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the 1 # Abolition of Gaol and other Fees connected with the Gaols in f England - - -J Except Section Three to " England, ".

c. 120. in part. An Act to procure annual Returns of Persons committed, tried, and convicted for Criminal Offences > in part; namely, — and Misdemeanors in Ireland - J Section Three, except as to the county of the city of Dublin.

c. 121. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

590

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 122. An Act to make Provision for securing, for a Time to be limited, the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

c. 123. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April, — and ends with the words, — Residence of such Persons on their Benefices in England.

c. 124. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Forty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, to London and Westminster.

c. 125. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons, — and ends with the words, — Owners of such Property to recover Damages for the Injury sustained. Repealed except as to Scotland/

c. 126. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

c. 131. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of watching and warding.

c. 139. in part. c. 142. An Act to regulate the binding of Parish Apprentices - in part; namely, — Section Eight from <f unless " to " be legally settled/*. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

57 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue and extend the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-ninth Year, — and ends tcith the words, — Trade of the Island of Mauritius.

c. 2. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-four Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

c. 3. An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, — and ends with the words, — Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

c. 6. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act") to make perpetual certain Parts of an Act of the I . Thirty-sixth Year, — and ends with the words, -"dy, --Treasonable Practices and Attempts - - J Sections Two and Three. Section Four so far as it relates to the Prince Regent.

c. 7. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and make perpetual Two Acts of the Thirty-seventh Year, — and ends with the words, — Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April, — and ends with the words, — Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit.

c. 9. An Act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department; and for granting certain Powers to the said Comptroller.

c. 11. An Act to facilitate the Progress of Business in the Court of King's Bench in Westminster Hall.

1873.

Statute Law Revision,

Ch. 91.

591

c. 12.

c. 13. c. 15.

c. 16. c. 17.

c. 19. in part.

c. 21.

c. 23.

c. 25. in part.

c. 26.

c. 27.

' c. 31.

c. 34. in part.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

An Act to repeal, during the Continuance of Peace, so much of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty as prohibits the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy.

An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious \ # naTnpiv_

Meetings and Assemblies - - J1

Sections One to Twenty-two.

Section Twenty-three, the words " or to His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, ".

Section Thirty-six to " prosecuted if this Act had not been made and from " Provided always, that nothing " to end of that Section.

The last Section.

An Act to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

An Act to further continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hunded and twenty, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act" to explain and amend an Act, made in the Forty-eighth Year, — and ends with the words, — lodging Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from the Duties charged by the said Act -

Section One from "such Person or" to "under the said Act, ". Section Two from "and atto "situate;" and the words Declaration " (wherever they occur).

Sections Three and Five.

inpart; namely, —

' and

An Act to amend and render more effectual Four several Acts passed in the Forty-eighth, Forty-ninth, Fifty-second, and Fifty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Buck Wheat imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, in lieu thereof.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

An Act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, ?: — and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned - - -J

Except the following Sections and parts of Sections so far as they relate to Great Britain; namely, — Sections Eight, Ten, Eleven, Thirteen, and Fourteen, Section Seventeen to " Purposes of this Act, ", from " and the said " to " under this Act," and from " under the" to "aforesaid;", Section Twenty-one to "Securities," and

8 D 2

c. 35. c. 38.

c. 40.

c. 41. in part.

c. 42.

c. 43.

c. 44. in part.

c. 45.

c. 47. c. 50.

c. 53. in part.

c. 56. in part.

from " in lieu/' to end of that Section, and Sections Twenty-two. Twenty-three, Twenty-six, Forty-one to Forty-eight, and Si^ty-four, but excluding from the exception so much as relates to exchequer bills, and also Sections Thirteen and Fourteen so far as they relate to applications from and advances to parishes.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act to continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Fifty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

An Act to authorize the rewarding Officers of the Customs for their Services in preventing illicit Distillation in Scotland, under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament.

An Act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Office of the Agent General, and for transferring the Duties of the said Office to the Offices of the Paymaster General and Secretary at War

Except Section Two from " from and after the time " to end of that Section, Section Seven to " to the Paymaster General and Section Eight.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, — and ends with the words, — in American Ships coming in Ballast.

An Act for granting, for Two Years from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. Bounties on Sugar refined otherwise than by claying.

An Act to allow Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, when assembled for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, to be Quartered and Billetted, and Officers on Half Pay to hold certain Commissions in such Corps, and to exempt Members in such Corps from serving the Office of Constable Section Two.

>in part; namely, —

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the Continuation of all and every Person or Persons in any and every Office, — and ends with the words, — until removed or discharged therefrom by the succeeding King or Queen of this Realm.

An Act for settling and securing Annuities on Lord Colchester, and on the next Person to whom the Title of Lord Colchester shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

An Act to continue an Act made in the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the preserving and restoring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any Time be disturbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations or Conspiracies.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Murders 1

and Manslaughters committed in Places not within > in part; namely, — His Majesty's Dominions -

Section One so far as it relates to the Settlement in the Bay of Honduras and to New Zealand and Otaheite.

Sections Two and Three.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to amend the Laws in respect to forfeited 1 .

Recognizances in Ireland - m part; namely, -

Sections One and Five to Sixteen.

J Section Seventeen from " the Sum " to " forfeited; and ".

593

c. 57. in part. Sections Twenty-five and Twenty-six. Section Thirty-five from "it shall" to "same Sections Thirty-six and Thirty-seven. An Act to empower His Majesty to suspend Training, \ and to regulate the Quotas of the Militia - - j"i namely, -Section One as far as it relates to the Militia raised in England and Ireland. Section Two. Section Three so far as it relates to enlisting to serve or offering to enlist to serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. Section Four.

c. 60. c. 62. in part. An Act to regulate certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in England. An Act to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in Ireland - - .jin part; namely, - Section One. Section Two to " Records of Ireland Sections Three, Four and Seven. Section Eight to " wholly abolished; and ".

c. 64. in part. An Act to abolish certain Offices, and regulate others \ -n . namely in Scotland - - - J m Sections Seven, Eight, Twelve, and Fourteen.

c. 69. An Act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and to amend an Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland.

c. 70. in part. An Act to relieve Persons impugning the Doctrine of \ ., the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties in Ireland - J 1 & 9 From " That such " to " void; and ",

c. 72. An Act to continue until the end of the next Session of Parliament Two Acts made in the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Tirade in Spirits between Great Britain and, Ireland reciprocally.

c. 78. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 80. An Act for raising the Sum of Nine Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

c. 81. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

c. 84. An Act to regulate the Offices of His Majesty's Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively. J

c. 85. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to permit, until the Fourteenth Day of November, — and ends with the words, — taking the same out of W arehouse free of Duty, and who have acted in obedience thereto.

c. 100. in part. An Act to renew the Powers of exonerating Small "j Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land 1 _Qf_, Tax, and for making further Proviaion for the Re- fmpan' namely, — demption of the Land Tax - - J Sections One to Eleven, Twenty-two, Twenty-five and Twenty-six.

c. 101. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, intituled An Act further to extend and render more effectual certain Provisions, — and ends with the words, — extending the Provisions of the said former Acts. 3D 3

c. 102. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

c. 103. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

c. 104. An Act to reduce the Number of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland whilst disembodied.

c. 109. An Act to abolish the Subsidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufactures, in Ireland; and to authorize the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of an Annual Sum to John Lord de Blaquiere, during the Continuance of his Interest in the Office of Alnager.

c. 110. An Act to make further Regulations for the better collecting and securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled in Ireland.

c. 114. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Two Acts of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Westminster.

c. 120. An Act to authorize the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make extraordinary Allowances, in certain Cases, to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the said Company.

c. 124. in part. An Act to amend an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of 1 Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employ- f ment of the Poor - - -J Except Sections Seven and Fourteen, so far as they relate to Great Britain.

c. 126. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year, — and ends with the words, — other Provisions in lieu thereof.

c. 132. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

58 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act to repeal 'an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue an Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall Suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to suspend, until the End of the present Session, — and ends with the words, — Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments.

c. 3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

c. 4. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for indemnifying Persons who, since the Twenty-sixth Day of January, — and ends with the words, — Suppression of tumultuous and unlawful Assemblies.

c. 7. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in advising, issuing, or carrying into execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majesty's West India Islands.

c. 9.

c. 10.

c. 11. c. 12, c. 14.

c. 15. j

c. 22. c. 25.

c. 26.

c. 28. in part.

c. 30. in part.

c. 31. in part.

c. 32. c. 37.

c. 40.

An Act to further continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Two Acts of the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and to indemnify certain Persons in relation thereto.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, so far as relates to the Oaths thereby required to be taken.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cumberland, in case of Her surviving His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Two Acts made in the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade m Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to amend the same.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing the Use of an Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, in- instead of Clarke's Hydrometer; and for making other Provisions

in lieu thereof .....

Except Sections Two and Three.

i

I

An Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Actions I

of Assault and Battery, and for slanderous Words, in part; namely, — in Courts - - - J,

Section One, so far as it relates to the courts of great sessions for the principality of Wales or for the county palatine of Chester.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland - -J

Section One, except as to the county of the city of Dublin. Section Three.

in part; namely, —

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Salaries of Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houses of Correction.

An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions, contained in several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 45. in part. An Act for building and promoting the building of\. ni.mpl__ additional Churches in populous Parishes - - Jm ' Sections One to Nine. Section Thirteen from " and in which the " to " mentioned Sections Eighteen and Twenty. Section Twenty-two, the words " be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and 99. Section Twenty-three, the words " enrolled and ". Sections Thirty-seven, Seventy-one, and Eighty-six. The rest of this Act so far as it confers power to enforce payment of any rate.

c. 47. in part. An Act to establish Fever Hospitals, and to make other 1 Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor, and for I- in part; namely, — preventing the Increase of Infectious Fevers in Ireland J Section One from " save" to " of the Assizes Section Four. Sections Five to Eight except as to the county of the city of Dublin. Section Nine. Section Sixteen from " the Defendant" to " Evidence

c. 60. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and continue, until the Tenth Day of November, — and ends with the words, — Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn, for Home Consumption, in Scotland.

c. 52. An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

c. 53. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Leiningen, in case she shall survive His said Royal Highness.

c. 55. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Two Acts of the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

c. 57. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year ofl His present Majesty, for granting Duties of Excise 1 in Ireland upon certain Licences, and for securing >in part; namely, — the Payment of such Duties, and the regulating the issuing of such Licences -J Sections One and Three to Six.

c. 58. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

c. 59. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

c. 60. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

c. 62. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Two Acts of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Westminster.

c. 63. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco from any Place whatever.

c. 66. ^n part. An Act to empower any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to I- ., exercise all the Powers and Authorities given to the j 9 said Commissioners by any Act or Acts of Parliament J Section Two.

c. 69. in part. c. 71. An Act for the Regulation of Parish Vestries - - in part; namely, — Section Five. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

c. 73. in part. An Act for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the 1 Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, :— and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers - - J Except Section Four and Section Six so far as it relates to any other matter than false representation and personation for the purpose of obtaining prize or bounty money, grant or other allowance of money.

c. 78. An Act to make further Provision for the better securing the Collection of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland.

c. 81. in part. An Act for extending to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland certain Provisions of the Parliament of Great Britain in relation to Executors under >in part; namely, — the Age of Twenty-one Years, and to Matrimonial Contracts ---- Section Three.

c. 83. An Act to amend and reduce into One Act the several Laws relating to the Manner in which the East India Company are required to hire Ships. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 84. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages had and solemnized within the British Territories in India. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 86. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

c. 87. An Act for raising the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

c. 88. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend Two Acts made in the last Session, — and ends with the words, — carrying the said Acts into Execution in Ireland.

c. 90. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to alter and amend certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year, — and ends with the words, — Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.

c. 91. An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor.

c. 96. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, for the Term of Two Years, — and ends with the words, — Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cases.

c. 97. An Act to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases.

c. 101. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

59 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act to provide for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness.

598

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision,

36 & 37 Vier.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for reviving and further continuing, until the First Day of May, — and ends with the words, — Expences of Hustings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster.

c. 3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar. Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

c. 4. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

c. 7. in part. c. 8. An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England - - in part; namely, — Section Seventeen. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases.

c. 9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 10. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 12. in part. An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor - in part; namely, — Sections One to Five, Eight to Ten, Fourteen to Sixteen, Eighteen. Twenty-seven, and Twenty-nine to Thirty-four. Section Thirty-six so far as it relates to 22 Geo. 3. c. 83.

c. 14. # An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, an Act of the Forty-sixth year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of July, — and ends with the words, — United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

c. 16. in part. An Act to carry into Effect the Treaty with the Nether-1, _, lands, relating to the Slave Trade - - .} part; namely, -Section Twelve.

c. 19. An Act to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

c. 20. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

c. 22. An Act for the further Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and the Care of His Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Indisposition.

c. 23. An Act to restrain, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Cash under certain Notices given by them for that Purpose.

c. 24. An Act to restrain, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from making Payments in the Gold Coin of this Realm, under certain Notices given by them.

c. 26. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 31. An Act to enable certain Commissioners fully to carry into Effect several Conventions for liquidating Claims of British Subjects, and others, against the Government of France.

c. 32. c. 33.

c. 34.

c. 35. in part.

c. 39.

c. 40. c. 43.

c. 44.

c. 46.

c. 47.

c. 49.

c. 54.

c. 68.

c. 60. in part.

c. 61.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July, — and ends with the words, — Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Excise Licences.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of July, — and ends with the words, — United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts, — and ends with the words, — Fund commonly called the Waterloo Subscription.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-ftfth Year' of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that -in part; namely, — part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes

Sections One to Six and Ten to Twelve.

Section Thirteen so far as it relates to the Judge Admiral.

Sections Fifteen, Sixteen, Eighteen, Twenty, Twenty-three to Twenty-five, Twenty-eight to Thirty-four, and Thirty-six.

Section Thirty-seven from " declaring " to end of that Section.

Sections Thirty-eight to Fifty-five.

An Act for the more frequent Payment, into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, of Monies arising from the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Postage in England.

An Act to secure Spiritual Persons in the Possession of Benefices in certain Cases.

An Act to authorize the Receipt and Appropriation of certain Sums voluntarily contributed by the Most Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camden, in aid of the Public Service.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year, — and ends with the words, — Trial of Murders, Manslaughters, Rapes, Robberies, and Burglaries committed in Honduras.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to abolish Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony, or other Offences, and Wager of Battel, or joining Issue and Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right.

An Act to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Election of Members to serve m Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue the Restrictions contained in several Acts on Payments in Cash by the Bank of England, — and ends with the words, — Exportation of Gold and Silver.

An Act to carry into Effect a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act for facilitating the Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service.

An Act to permit the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishop of London, for the Time being, to admit Persons into Holy Orders specially for the Colonies

Section Six.

in part; namely, —

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable Counties and Stewartries in Scotland to give Aid to Royal Burghs, — and ends with the words, — not the Gaols of Royal Burghs.

c. 65. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

c. 67. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July, — and ends with the words, — Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope.

c. 70. An Act to repeal certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, regarding Duelling.

c. 72. An Act Jo grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tobacco in Ireland.

c. 73. An Act to repeal several Acts, requiring the Masters of Vessels carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to take Duplicates of the Contents; prohibiting the Importation of certain wrought Goods, and the Exportation of Gunpowder when the Price shall exceed a certain Sum.

c. 75. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Two Acts made in the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.

c. 76. in part. An Act to establish further Regulations respecting Advances by the Bank of England for the Public I _OTi_ Sendee, and the Purchase of Government Securities j P* by the said Bank -J Section Three from " nor" to end of that Section.

c. 79. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Two Acts of the Forty-ftfth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.

c. 81. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, — and ends with the words, — from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 84. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend the Laws for making, — and ends with the words, — faithful Account >:— of all Monies levied under the same - - J Except Section Forty-three.

c. 87. c. 88. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal the annual Excise Duties upon Malt, — and ends with the words, — Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

c. 89. An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, an Act made in the Fifty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suspending a Part of the Duties on Sweets or made Wines.

c. 90. An Act for the Prevention of Frauds in the Duties on Soap; for preserving the Books or Papers called Specimens, left by Officers of Excise on the Premises of Traders; and for requiring more speedy Payment of the Excise Duties on Printed Calicoes.

c. 92. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable*'| Justices of the Peace in Ireland to act as such, in certain Cases, — and ends with the words, — Officers for Neglect of Duty, and on | ' Masters for Illusage of their Apprentices - - J Except Section Three.

c. 93. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue for One Year, — and ends with the words, — Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

Ch. 91.

601

c. 99. An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to direct the gradual Resumption of Cash Payments by the said Bank.

c. 101. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Transportation of Offenders, to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

c. 106. An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the Payment of the Duties of Excise upon certain Licences, and regulating the issuing of such Licences; and for securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled by licensed Distillers in Ireland.

C. 107. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts for"! regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates I. for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Goods | P*1, in Ireland ---- -J The last Section.

c. 112. An Act to grant, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

c. 114. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to stay Proceedings against any Governor, — and ends with the words, — Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 116. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, — and ends with the words, — Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

c. 117. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Irekmd; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

c. 129. An Act to continue in force, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Three Acts of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

c. 130. An Act to continue the several Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

c. 131. An Act for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

c. 132. An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

c. 133. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 134. in part. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act I passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building I. #, and promoting the building of additional Churches | ^9 in populous Parishes - - J Sections One to Three. Section Six, the words " in the High Court of Chancery, and" and from " and all such 99 to end of that Section. Section Sixteen, the words " in the High Court of Chancery, and 99. Section Twenty-one.

602

Ch. 91.

Statute Lam) Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 136. in part.

c. 138.

60 Geo. 3. &

1 Geo. 4. c. 1. in part.

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4. in part.

c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8. in part.

c. 11. in part.

c. 12. c. 13.

c. 14.

Section Twenty-four to "after the passing of this Act," and from " and in " to " aforesaid Section Thirty to " Parish, and ".

Section Thirty-five.

The rest of this Act so far as it confers power to enforce payment of any rate.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal 1 Two Acts made in the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Years, — and ends > with the words, — Regulation of Ferries in Scotland -

Except Sections Twenty-five, Twenty-six, and Twenty-nine to Thirty-four.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for appointing Commissioners, — and ends with the words, — Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

An Act to prevent the Training of Persons to the Use T

of Arms, and to the Practice of Military Evolutions > in part; namely, — and Exercise -

Section Five from " and the Venue " to " thereupon ;" so far as relates to Ireland.

Section Eight.

An Act to authorize Justices of the Peaoe, in certain disturbed Counties to seize and detain Arms collected or kept for Purposes dangerous to the Public Peace; to continue in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

An Act to prevent Delay in the Administration of 1 ._______, _ ,

Justice in Cases of Misdemeanor - - . }m part; namely-

Sections Five to Seven.

An Act for more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies: to continue in force until the End of the Session of Parliament next after Five Years from the passing of the Act.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trial of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland. Repealed so long as 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. s. 50. continues in force.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention and Punish-1 .

ment of blasphemous and seditious Libels - -jmP »

Section Eight from "and the Venue" to "thereupon;" so far as relates to Ireland, and the whole Section so far as it relates to justices of the peace.

Section Eleven.

An Act for the better Regulation of Polls, and fori makingifurther Provision touching the Election Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland

Sections One, Six, Eight, Twenty-eight to Thirty-three, Thirty-five, Thirty-seven to Forty, and Forty-three to end of Act.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, such Laws as may expire within a limited Period.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act to remedy certain Inconveniences in local and exclusive Jurisdictions.

fori of >h

in part; namely, —

1 Geo. 4. c. 1. GEORGE IV. An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

c. 2. c. 3. An Act to enable His Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company. An Act for the Removal of Doubts as to the Continuance of Three Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

c. 5. in part. An Act to enable Courts of Equity in Ireland to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the 1 _0, i_ Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or | any Canal Company, Party thereto - J Section Three.

c. 6. in part. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange >in part; namely, — their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned -Section Two.

c. 10. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

c. 11. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, an Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, and for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius.

c. 15. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

c. 16. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, to continue certain Laws of Excise with regard to Crown Glass and Flint and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass.

c. 18. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, an Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases.

c. 19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 20. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 24. An Act to amend and continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, an Act of the Fifty-second Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

c. 25. An Act to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, relative to the Manufacture of Sail Cloth.

c. 27. in part. An Act to regulate the Appointment and Tenure of \ ., the Office of Clerk of the Peace in Ireland - .J-mpart; namely-Sections Two, Three, Nine, and Eleven.

c. 31. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-nine Millions by Exchequer Bilb, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty. 3 E 2

36 & 37 Vict.

1

c. 33. An Act to amend and continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the allowing Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

c. 38. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 39. An Act for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland, by authorizing the Advance of certain Sums for the Support of Commercial Credit there.

c. 44. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, an Act of th^ Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

c. 46. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

C. 47. An Act to revive and to continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

c. 48. An Act to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.

c. 50. An Act to carry into Effect certain Licenses, permitting the Removal of Negro Slaves from the Bahama Islands to Demerara.

c. 51. An Act to regulate the rebuilding of the Town of St. John's in Newfoundland, and for indemnifying Persons giving up Ground for that Purpose. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions. '

c. 52. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His late Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America.

c. 63. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, so much of an Act of; he Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, as allows Santa Maria Wood ai d Teake Wood to be imported free of Duty.

c. 54. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One ihousand eight hundred and twenty-five. Two Acts of the Forty-fifth an< Fiftieth Years of His late Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Cu m and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.

c. 55. in part. An Act for giving further Facilities to the Proceedings ] in the Court of King's Bench, and for giving certain I in ] art; namely, — Powers to Justices of Assize - -J Sections One to Three. 1 Sections Five and Six, so far as they relate to the Justii of Chester. j

c 57. in part. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh^ Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to abolish the Punish- ' ment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders, and 1 to make further Provisions in lieu thereof - -J Section One. 1 ^in art; namely, —

c. 69. An Act the title of which begins with the words, ^An Act to amend, revive, and continue, — and ends with the words, — not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit.

c. 60. in part. An Act to amend and continue Two Acts passed in" the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for I. ___i_ carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and j 5 e Employment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts in Great Britain -J Sections One to Eighteen, and Twenty-five to end of Act.

c. 62. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, — and ends with the words, — to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony.

c. 63. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax.

c. 64. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar maybe exported.

c. 65. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope.

c. 66. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Two Acts of the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis, and for the Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames.

c. 67. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, the Low Duties on Coals and Culm carried Coastwise to any Port within the Principality of Wales.

c. 68. in part. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in the \. _OTri-i_, Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland - - J 1 P*' Section Eight.

c. 71. An Act to enlarge the Time and Powers for carrying the New Street Act into Execution; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, for ratifying an Agreement made with Lord Gage, and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

c. 74. An Act to grant certain Duties, in Scotland, upon Wash and Spirits made from Corn or Grain, and upon Licences for making and keeping of Stills; and to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Distillation of such Spirits for Home Consumption; and for better preventing private Distillation in Scotland.

c. 76. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, as prohibits the Sale in England of any Spirits not being Spirits of Wine, British Brandy, British Gin, or Compounds.

c. 77. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — Importation of Irish Spirits from Scotland.

c. 79. An Act for making Allowances to licensed Brewers in Ireland, on account of the additional Duty on Malt used by them within a certain Period.

c. 81. An Act to amend several Acts made in the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-eighth Years of His late Majesty, for the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works, and for other Purposes, so far as the said Acts relate to Ireland. 3 E 3

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 86. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, — and ends with the words, — until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

c. 92. in part. An Act for the further Prevention of forging and \. counterfeiting of Bank Notes - - .)m part; namely, -Section Three.

c. 93. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Provisions of divers Acts, for securing to certain Artificers, Workmen, and Labourers, in such Acts mentioned, the due Payment of their Wages.

c. 94. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

c. 95. An Act for obtaining Returns from Turnpike Road Trusts of the Amount of their Revenues, and Expence of maintaining the same.

c. 96. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Twenty-one, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

c. 97. An Act to revive and to continue, for One Year, the several Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

c. 100. in part. An Act for amending and reducing into one Act olT Parliament, two several Acts' passed in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-ninth Years of His late Majesty I., King George the Third, for the better ordering and [P further regulating of the Militia of the City of London Sections One and Three. Sections Two, Four, and Seven, so far as they relate to the property qualifications of officers. Sections Thirty-one to Thirty-three, and Forty-one.

c. 104. An Act to enable His Majesty to defray the Charge of a certain Barrack by the Grant of an Annuity on the Consolidated Fund.

c. 105. An Act to continue, for Two Years, an Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of His late Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cases.

c. 108. in part. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities upon certain Branches of the Royal Family, in lieu 1 . of Annuities which have ceased upon the Demise of C P; eiy, — His late Majesty - - - J Sections One and Two.

c. 110. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

c. 111. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament .:

c. 116. An Act to repeal so much of the several Acts passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Philip and Mary, the Eighteenth of Charles the Second, the Ninth of George the First, and the Twelfth of George the Second, as inflicts Capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specified.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 1. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for Her Majesty the Queen.

c. 3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, Foreign Spirits, and Sweets, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

c. 4.

c. 6.

c. 8. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11.

c. 12.

c. 13.

c. 18.

c. 21.

c. 22. in part.

c. 25.

c. 28. in part.

c. 31. in part.

c. 32.

c. 33. in part.

An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

An Act to continue for Two Yean from the passing thereof, to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; the several Acts for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, the Bounties on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures, and the Duties on the Importation of Buck Wheat.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, against Witchcraft and Sorcery.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to indemnify, — and ends with the words, — to send Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament in lieu thereof.

An Act for altering and amending the Laws of Excise *1 for securing the Payment of the Duties on Beer and in part; namely, — Ale brewed in Great Britain -

Sections Four, Five, and Seven.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

An Act for abolishing the African Company, and transferring to and vesting in His Majesty all the Forts, Possessions, and Property now belonging to or held by them -Section Four.

j-in part; namely, —

in part; namely, —

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Continuance of 1 _____.

the Hereditary Revenue in Scotland - . | m part; namely, -

Section One, from a Provided always " to the end of that Section.

Section Two.

An Act for declaring valid certain Indentures of Apprenticeship, and Certificates of Settlements of poor Persons, in England.

An Act to make more effectual Provision for the EstaO blishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor, and for I . the Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences, f1 in Ireland ---- .J

Section One from " from and after the expiration" to " been made; and that, ".

Section Two, the words " nor more than One hundred and fifty

Section Three.

Section Four, from "and after any such Asylum" to the end of that Section.

Section Seven.

Section Sixteen from " and in all cases where 99 to the end of that Section.

c. 36. in part.

c. 38. in part.

c. 39.

c. 41. in part.

c. 42.

c. 43.

c. 44. in part.

c. 47.

c. 48. in part.

c. 52. in part.

c. 53. in part.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Public Notaries in Ireland -

Sections Four, Thirteen, and Fifteen.

in part; namely, —

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting certain"!

Parts of the Proceedings in the Court of Session, I

and in the Court of Commissioners for Teinds, and I i ____

respecting the Duties, Qualifications, and Emolu- [P" *

ments of certain Clerks and other Officers of the | said Courts - -J

Section Two.

Section Three from "and in all other cases when" to the end of that Section.

Sections Five to Seven.

Section Fourteen down to the words " payable quarterly: and ".

Sections Seventeen, Nineteen to Twenty-one, Thirty-four, and Thirty-five.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Courts of Admiralty in Scotland, and of certain Proceedings in the Court of Session, connected therewith.

An Act for giving greater Facility in the Prosecution 1

and Abatement of Nuisances arising from Furnaces >in part; namely, — used and in the working of Steam Engines -

Section Four.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, — and ends with the words, — until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

An Act to defray, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

An Act to exclude Persons holding certain Judicial I

Offices in Ireland, from being Members of the House > in part; namely, — of Commons -

Section Three.

An Act to exclude the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament; and to enable the County of York to send Two additional Knights to serve in Parliament, in lieu thereof.

An Act to amend the several Acts for the Regulation 1 .

of Attornies and Solicitors -, j-m part; namely, -

Section One.

Section Four from " nor to any person who shall be bound " to the end of that Section.

An Act to improve the and of His Majesty's making Provisions ai Management thereof -

Except Sections Twelve and Thirteen, so far as they relate to the Duchy of Lancaster.

An Act to regulate the Proceedings in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, and also in the Court of Common Pleas, and in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland -

Section One from " and that no officer " to the end of that Section.

Sections Two to Six.

Section Seven from " one seal keeper and registrar of Attornies licences " in the Court of King's Bench " to " Common Pleas, who shall be appointed to and shall hold their said offices as heretofore " respectively ".

|-in part; namely, —

Land Revenues of the Crown, 1

Duchy of Lancaster, and for [, _____

id Regulations for the better | J *

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

C09

c. 54. in part. Section Eight. Section Ten from "and that for provision " to the end of that Section. Sections Eleven to Twenty, Twenty-two, Twenty-three, Twenty-Six, Twenty-seven, Thirty-one to Thirty-five, Thirty-eight, Forty-one, Fifty-one to Fifty-seven, Fifty-nine, Sixty, Sixty-five to Sixty-eight, Seventy-one and Seventy-two. Schedules A., B., and C. Schedule D. from "from and after the time" to the end of that Schedule. An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of Assize or 1 Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar in Ireland - . part; namely, -Sections Eight to Ten.

c. 56. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

c. 58. in part. An Act to regulate the Expences of Elections of Mem-1 . ., bers to serve in Parliament for Ireland - .} part; namely, -Sections Four and Seven.

Section Eight from " except " to the end of that Section. Schedule A. Items One and Two; Item Three, the words " and for the first day's polling."; Items Four to Seven. Schedule B. Item One, the words " and for the first day's polling Item Two; Item Three from " and an additional " to the end of that . Item; Item Four, the words "for the first day's polling"; Item Five; Item Six, the words " for each day's polling ".

c. 59. c. 61. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. An Act to regulate the Appropriation of unclaimed Shares of Prize Money belonging to Soldiers or Seamen in the Service of the East India Company. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 64. An Act to amend the Laws now in force relating to Vagrants, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

c. 66. in part. An Act for regulating the Fur Trade, and establishing 1 a Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction within certain kin part; namely, — Parts of North America - - J Section Five.

c. 68. An Act to repeal so much of several Acts to prevent the excessive Price of Coals, as relates to Coal Yards established at the Expence of the Public in Dublin and Cork.

c. 71. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-nine Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

c. 72. in part. An Act to establish an Agreement with the Governor"' and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish I. Currency; and to empower the said Governor and j Company to enlarge the Capital Stock or Fund of the said Bank to Three Millions -J Sections One, Two, and Eight.

c. 77. in part. An Act to abolish the Payment, by Prisoners in Ireland, ") of Gaol Fees, and all other Fees relating to the Com- | mitment, Continuance, Trial, or Discharge of such k>in part; namely, — Prisoners, and to prevent Abuses by Gaolers, Bailiffs, j and other Officers - - - J Sections Four to Six, except so far as they relate to the county of the city of Dublin.

c. 78. in part. An Act to regulate Acceptances of Bills of Exchange - in part; namely, — Section Two.

c. 79. in part. An Act to repeal certain Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Deep Sea British White Hearing 1 . # namftiT Fishery, and to make further Regulations relating to | P*1 '9 the said Fishery - - - J Section Three from " and that no bounty " to the end of that Section.

c. 80. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

c. 81. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty as requires a Registry of Wool sent Coastwise.

c. 82. An Act for allowing to Distillers of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland, a Drawback of a Portion of the Duty on Malt used by them; and for the further Prevention of smuggling of Spirits on the Borders of Scotland and England.

c. 83. An Act for further reducing, until the Fifth* Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Consumption in Scotland.

c. 90. An Act to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into the Collection and Management of the Revenue in Ireland, and the several Establishments connected therewith.

c. 92. An Act to authorise the Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, subject to Trusts for Charitable Purposes, for other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

c. 95. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

c. 100. An Act for regulating the Exportation of Hops to Foreign Parts, rand allowing a Drawback of the Excise Duty paid thereon.

c. 101. An Act to extend to Ireland an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures, and to continue the same until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

c. 106. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, — and ends with the words, — until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four in Ireland.

c. 111. An Act to empower the Commissioners in Great Britain for the Execution of several Acts for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, to extend the Time for the Payment of certain Advances under the said Acts.

c. 112. in part. An Act to grant, for the Term of Five Years, additional*^ Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Courts 1. n«. namely of Law, and to repeal certain other Stamp Duties, [P ' in Ireland - - J Sections One to Three, Thirteen, and Fourteen. Section Seventeen from " and that the proper officer" to " of such court ". Section Eighteen from "and that the proper officer" to "of such court ". Section Nineteen from " one of which " to " returned as aforesaid ". Sections Twenty-one and Twenty-two. Section Twenty-three from " shall neglect " to " required or ". Section Twenty-four. Section Twenty-seven from " and also of all increased salaries " to " this present session of Parliament ". Sections Twenty-eight to Thirty-one. The Schedule.

c. 116. An Act to empower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, a limited Provision to certain discharged Officers of the Customs.

c. 117. An Act to continue an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Miqesty King George the Third, for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

c. 118. An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity, for One Year.

c. 119. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence.

c. 122. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 123. An Act the title of which begins with the words, An Act for appointing Commissioners, — ctnd ends with the words, — for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

3 Geo. 4. c. 1. An Act to suppress Insurrections and prevent Disturbance of the Public Peace in Ireland, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Person and Government.

c. 3. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have seized or detained any Arms or Gunpowder in Ireland, since the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, for the Preservation of the Public Peace.

c. 4. An Act to regulate the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into Ireland, and the making, removing, selling, and keeping of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition in Ireland, for Seven Years, and from thence until the End of the then next session of Parliament.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

c. 7. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

c. 8. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

c. 11. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 14. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited.

c. 16. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, an Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens except in certain Cases.

c. 16. in part. An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of] Parliament, for amending the several Acts for the yin part; namely, — Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors - - J From " And that so much " to the end of the Act.

c. 18. in part. An Act to repeal the Excise Duty on Malt charged by' an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, to allow the said Duty on Malt in Stock, and >in part; namely, — to make Regulations for better securing the Duties on Malt Sections One to Eleven, Seventeen, and Twenty.

c. 20. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 21. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for establishing Fever Hospitals, and for making other Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of infectious Fevers in Ireland.

c. 22. An Act to amend an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland, by authorizing the Advance of certain Sums for the Support of Commercial Credit there.

c. 27. An Act to amend and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, so much of an Act made in the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, as relates to additional Duties of Excise, in Great Britain, on Excise Licenses.

c. 29. An Act the title of which begins with the words — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — equal and expeditious in Scotland.

c. 30. in part. An Act for reducing, during the Continuance of the present Duty on Malt, the Duty on Malt made from > in part; namely, — Bear or Bigg only, in Scotland - J Sections One, Fifteen, and Sixteen.

c. 31. An Act to grant Countervailing Duties, and to allow equivalent Drawbacks on Malt, Beer, and Spirits, imported and exported between Great Britain and Ireland.

c. 33. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for altering and amending several Acts, — and ends I. in part; namely, — with the words, — unlawful and malicious Offenders J Section Seventeen.

c. 34. c. 36. An Act for the Employment of the Poor in certain Districts in Ireland. An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Malt made in Ireland, and certain Drawbacks in respect thereof.

c. 37. An Act to extend the Powers of the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for inquiring into the Collection and Management of the Revenue in Ireland.

c. 41. An Act to repeal divers ancient Statutes and Parts of Statutes, so far as they relate to the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandise from and to Foreign Countries.

c. 42. An Act to repeal certain Acts, and Parts of Acts, relating to the Importation of Goods and Merchandise.

c. 46. An Act for the more speedy Return and Levying of') Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures and Recognizances > in part; namely, — estreated - - J Sections One and Twelve.

c. 48. c. 52. in part. An Act to repeal certain Tonnage Duties of Customs on Ships or Vessels. An Act to grant certain Duties, in Scotland, upon" Wash and Spirits made from Corn or Grain, and upon Licences for making and keeping of Stills; and to regulate the Distillation of such Spirits for Home I _ Consumption; and for better preventing private J Distillation in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four -

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

613

c. 53. Sections One to One hundred and seven. Section One hundred and ten, so far as it relates to licences to makers of stills. Sections One hundred and twenty-three, One hundred and twenty-seven, and One hundred and twenty-eight. An Act to regulate the Manufacture and Sale of scorched or roasted Corn, Peas, Beans, or Parsnips, and of Cocoa Paste, Broma, and other Mixtures of Cocoa.

c. 54. An Act to repeal the Rates, Duties, and Taxes payable in respect of Fire Hearths and Windows in Ireland; and to exempt certain Persons from the Tax on Dogs.

c. 56. An Act to provide for the more effectual Regulation of certain Offices relating to the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland.

c. 59. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, the Low Duties on Coals and Culm earned Coastwise to any Port within the Principality of Wales.

c. 62. in part. An Act for regulating the Fees chargeable in His Majesty's General Register House at Edinburgh, and 1 in^ namely, -for completing the buildings necessary for keeping r 9 the Public Records of Scotland therein - - J Section One, the words " The Lord Chief Baron of the Court of " Exchequer in Scotland and the Lord Chief Commissioner of the " Jury Court ". Sections Three to Five.

c. 63. in part. An Act to authorize the Sale of Quit Rents and other Rents, and the Sale and Demise of Lands, Tithes, 1 . ., Tenements, and Hereditaments, the Property of His |1 5 namev» Majesty in Right of the Crown in Ireland - - J Except Sections Twelve and Thirteen.

c. 65. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Sendee.

c. 67. An Act to repeal so much of the Excise Licences Act of the present Session as regards the carrying on of Trade in more than One Place.

c. 69. in part. An Act to enable the Judges of the several Courts "J of Record at Westminster, to make Regulations 1 . respecting the Fees of the Officers, Clerks, and flnpart; namely> — Ministers of the said Courts - - J Except Section Three.

c. 72. in part. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, 'I passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of I. His late Majesty, for building and promoting the f P*1* building of additional Churches in populous Parishes J Sections Five, Six, Twenty-one, Thirty, and Thirty-eight. The rest of this Act, so far as it comers power to enforce payment of any rate.

c. 75. in part. An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Twenty- sixth of George the Second, for the better preventing v in part; namely, — of Clandestine Marriages - - J Section One.

c. 76. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing i to Distillers for Home Consumption in Scotland a Drawback of a Portion

1 of the Duty on Malt used by them.

614

c. 77. An Act for amending the Laws for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and for the more effectually preventing Disorders therein.

c. 78. An Act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

c. 79. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of' the Reign of His late Majesty, for the Appointment 1 . _nT_ of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several endowed Schools in Ireland - Section Three. Section Six to " repealed; and n. Sections Ten and Thirteen.

c. 80. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, for suppressing Insurrections and preventing Disturbances of the Public Peace in Ireland.

c. 82. An Act for reducing the Duties of Excise payable upon Salt in England, and repealing the Duties upon Salt (not being Foreign Salt), and reducing the Duties upon Foreign Salt payable in Scotland.

c. 83. An Act to repeal the additional Duties and Drawbacks on Leather, granted and allowed by Two Acts of His late Majesty, and to grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereof, and to secure the Duties on Leather.

c. 84. An Act to authorise certain temporary Advances of Money, for the Relief of the Distresses existing in Ireland.

c. 86. in part. An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty-seventh Year'' of His late Majesty, and the First Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on >in part; namely, — Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to authorise a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts Sections One to Eight. Section Nine to " extended by this Act; and ". Sections Eleven to Fourteen, Twenty-six, Thirty-three to Thirty-eight, Forty, Forty-one, Forty-three to Forty-seven, Fifty, and Fifty-five to Fifty-seven.

c. 87. An Act to enable His Majesty's Court of Exchequer to sit, and the Lord Chief Baron or any other Baron of the eaia Court to try Middlesex Issues, elsewhere than in the Place where the Court of Exchequer is commonly kept in the County of Middlesex.

c. 88. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Land and 1 Assessed Taxes, and to regulate the Appointment of >in part; namely, — Receivers General in England and Wales - - J Section One. Section Two, No. I. Rules and Regulations touching the Office of Receiver General, with the exception of the seventh rule. Section Seven to end of Act.

c. 90. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, certain additional Bounties on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

c. 94. An Act to provide for the Collection and Payment of the Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks granted by an Act of this present Session on Malt and other Articles imported and exported between Great Britain and Ireland.

c. 97. An Act to continue for Two Years an Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of His late Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cases.

cxx. 91.

615

c. 99. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, the Duties of Customs payable on British Salt imported into Ireland; to repeal the Duties on Foreign Salt imported into Ireland; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

c. 104. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — allowing the said Bounty.

c. 106. An Act to continue for One Year so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as increases the Duties payable on Sugar imported from the East Indies.

c. 111. An Act to allow, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, the Exportation of Spirits distilled from Com

for Home Consumption in Scotland, to Parts beyond Seas, without Payment of the Duly of Excise chargeable thereon.

c. 112. An Act to authorise the further Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Completion of Works of a Public Nature, and for the Encouragement of the Fisheries in Ireland.

c. 114. in part. An Act to provide for the more effectual Punishment of certain Offences, by Imprisonment with Impart; namely, — hard Labour - - - J From " having entered " to " any offensive weapon."

c. 118. An Act to amend an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, for amending an Act made in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland, by authorizing the Advance of certain Sums for the Support of Commercial Credit there.

c. 120. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three.

c. 121. An Act to defray, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

c. 122. An Act for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two.

c. 124. An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His Majesty's Reign, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

c. 126. in part. An Act to amend the general Laws now in being for") regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great > in part; namely, — Britain called England - - J Sections One to Three, Seventeen, Eighteen, Thirty-four, Thirty-seven, Fifty-nine, Seventy-one, Ninety to Ninety-six, One hundred and five, One hundred and nine, and One hundred and twenty-eight. Section One hundred and thirty-seven from " and that any inhabitant " to " such parish, township, or place ". Section One hundred and forty-nine. The Forms in the Schedule numbered Four, Five, Nine to Thirteen, Twenty-three, and Twenty-four.

c. 127. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

1 Geo. 4. c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three.

c. 4. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three.

c. 5. in part. An Act to render valid certain Marriages - - in part; namely, — Section Two. 3 F 2

616

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 6. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three.

c. 7. in part. An Act to regulate the Appointment and Swearing*! into Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of > in part; namely, — Ireland - - J Section One from Aand that whenever " to the end of that Section. Section Two.

c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, — and ends with the words, — equal and expeditious in Scotland.

c. 9. An Act to repeal the Rates, Duties, and Taxes payable in respect of Male Servants, Horses, Carriages, and Dogs, in Ireland.

c. 11. An Act for repealing certain of the Duties of Assessed Taxes; for reducing certain other of the said Duties; and for relieving Persons who have compounded for the same.

c. 12. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 14. An Act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

c. 15. An Act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to amend the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps, in Ireland.

c. 16. in part. An Act to explain so much of the General Turnpike *1 Act, as relates to the Toll payable on Carriages laden in part; namely, — with Lime for the Improvement of Land - - J Sections Two and Three.

c. 19. in part. An Act for further regulating the Reduction of the \ National Debt -Jmpart; namely, - Sections One to Seven. Section Eight from "the Sum of One hundred and thirty-seven thousand " to " and also to cause ". Sections Nine, Ten, and Fourteen.

C. 20. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 21. An Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three.

c. 28. An Act for the more speedy Reduction of the Number of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, when not in actual Service.

c. 30. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles subject to Duties of Excise, and certain other' Articles the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, into and from either Country from and to the other.

c. 31. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act more effectually to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing.

c. 33. in part. An Act to make more effectual Regulations for the *| Election, and to secure the Performance of the > in part; namely, — Duties, of County Treasurers in Ireland - - J Sections Eleven, Sixteen to Eighteen, and the Schedules. And, except as to the Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, Section One to Six, Twelve, and Fourteen.

1873. Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91. 617

c. 36. in part. An'^nancy^CM^dthe gra"t*ng of Lea5es_in Joint}in part; namely, — Sections Two and Three.

c. 37. in part. An Act to amend an Act for the more speedy Return and Levying of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and > in part; namely, — Recognizances estreated - - J Section Two.

c. 38. An Act for settling the Compensation to the Holders of certain Offices in the Courts of Law in Ireland, abolished under an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the same.

c. 40. in part. An Act to amend several Acts for the Regulation of\. the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Scotland - j 1 P"* Sections One, Two, and Four.

c. 42. An Act to amend the several Acts for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures, and the Support of Commercial Credit, in Ireland.

c. 43. An Act to regulate the Amount of Presentments by Grand Juries, for Payment of the Public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland.

c. 46. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act" for repealing the Capital Punishments, — and ends _aTi_ with the words, — an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the same Reign - - - Section One, so far as it relates to the Felonies created by the Act of the Third Year of King George the Third therein recited.

c. 47. An Act for authorizing the Employment at Labour, in the Colonies, of Male Convicts under Sentence of Transportation.

c. 51. An Act to encourage the Consumption of Beer; and to amend the Laws for securing the Excise Duties thereon.

c. 53. An Act for extending the Benefit of Clergy to several Larcenies therein mentioned.

c. 55. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts now 1 in force, so far as the same relate to the Election and 1 # tiq_ Return of Members to serve in Parliament, for f P Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland J Sections One to Twenty-three, Twenty-nine to Thirty-two, Seventy-eight, Eighty, and Eighty-three to Eighty-five. Section Eighty-seven, from " and provided to " authority of this Act."

c. 56. An Act for maintaining in Repair the Military and Parliamentary Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and also certain Ferry Piers and Shipping-Quays erected by the Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

c. 57. An Act to defer the Commencement of the Duties and Drawbacks on Barilla, under an Act of this present Session of Parliament.

c. 58. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for suppressing Insurrections and preventing Disturbances of the Public Peace in Ireland.

c. 59. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four.

c. 60. in part. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money 1.. # namely to be raised by lotteries - -J1 ' J* Except Section Nineteen, down to the words " ceased and determined," Sections Thirty-seven to Thirty-nine, Section Forty-one, down to the words "authorized as aforesaid," and from "such Person" to % " herein-after directed," and Sections Fifty-nine to Sixty-two, Sixty-seven and Sixty-eight. 3 F 3

c. 61. in part. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in 1; . the Court of Chancery in Ireland - - _ J-m partj namely, — Sections One to Four. Section Five, from " other than the said Deputy Clerk " to " Possessor " of the Office 6f Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper." Sections Nine to Eleven. Section Twelve, to " Court of Chancery in Ireland." Sections Twenty to Twenty-three. Section Twenty-four, the words " six Clerk and;" the words " and the " number of skins which each bill shall containand from " and the said deputy " to " provisions of this Act." Sections Twenty-five, Twenty-eight, Thirty-one, Thirty-two, Thirty-five, and Thirty-six. Section Forty-two, from " and that from and immediately " to " and " shall hold the said office during their good behaviour respectively;" and from "unless" to "in the said Office of Registrar." Section Forty-four, to " taken before them." Sections Fifty-one to Fifty-four, Sixty to Seventy-one, Seventy-three, and Seventy-four. The taffies of fees in the Schedule.

c. 63. An Act to authorize the Advance of Money by the Commissioners under several Acts for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works, for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or repairing of Gaols in England.

c. 68. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited.

c. 71. in part. An Act for defraying the Charge of Retiring Pay," Pensions, and other Expences of that Nature, of His Majesty's Forces sennng in India; for esta- L namely, — blishing the Pensions of the Bishop, Archdeacons, J and Judges; for regulating Ordinations; and for establishing a Court of Judicature at Bombay -J Sections One, Two, Eight to Ten, Fourteen to Sixteen, and Eighteen. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 72. An Act to repeal the several Duties and Drawbacks of Customs chargeable and allowable in Ireland on the Importation and Exportation of certain Foreign and Colonial Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof, equal to the Duties and Drawbacks chargeable and allowable thereon in Great Britain.

c. 73. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Damages for Malicious Injuries to Property in Ireland.

c. 76. in part. An Act for amending the Laws respecting the Solem- \., nization of Marriages in England - J Section One.

c. 77. An Act to authorize His Majesty, under certain Circumstances, to regulate the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported or exported in Foreign Vessels; and to exempt certain Foreign Vessels from Pilotage.

c. 80. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act 1 to consolidate and amend, — and ends with the words, — > in part; namely, — so far as it relates to Vessels registered in India - J Except Sections Twenty-five to Thirty-four. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 82. An Act to authorize for One Year, and from thence to the End of t&e then next Session of Parliament, the temporary Removal of Contfcts from the General Penitentiary.

c. 85.

c. 87.

in part.

c. 89. in part.

c. 94. in part.

c. 95. in part, j

c. 97.

in part.

c. 99. c. 100.

5 Geo. 4. c. 2. c. 3. c. 7.

An Act for empowering Commissioners, to be appointed by His Majesty, to inquire into the Forms of Process in the Courts of JL&w in Scotland, and the Course of Appeals from the Court of Sessions to the House of Lords.

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Provisions of an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland

Section Six from " and that no person " to end of that Section.

Section Nine.

Section Ten from " and the venue " to " thereupon ".

Section Eleven.

in part; namely, —

in part; namely, —

-in part; namely, —

An Act to limit and regulate the Expense of certain 1

Proceedings in the Courts of Justice in Ireland in > in part; namely, — the Particulars therein mentioned -

Section Two.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits" distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making such Spirits; and to provide for the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty -

Except Section One hundred and thirty-three.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the*' '

Third Year of the reign of His present Majesty, to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England ---- -j Sections One, Three, Four, Seven to Nine, Eleven, Twelve, Fourteen, Eighteen, Twenty-two, Twenty-five, Twenty-seven, Twenty-nine, Thirty-five, Thirty-eight, Forty, Forty-two, Forty-six, Forty-eight, Fifty-one, Sixty-four, Seventy, Seventy-four, Seventy-seven, Seventy-nine, Eighty from " and it shall be lawful " to the end of that Section, Eighty-one, Eighty-two, Eighty-four to Eighty-six, Eighty-nine to " repealed; and ", and Ninety-four.

Schedule No. 2.

An Act for the Regulation of the Court of the Com-H missaries of Edinburgh; and for altering and regu- | lating the Jurisdiction of Inferior Commissaries Scotland -

Sections Eleven, Twelve, Sixteen to Nineteen, Twenty-one, and Twenty-two.

An Act to provide for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland for a limited Time.

>mO

* ?-U

mJ

in part; namely, -

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions seven hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills; for applying a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four.

An Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, Two Acts of His present Majesty, for the Appointment of Commissioners for inquiring into the Collection and Management of the Public Revenue.

620

c. 12. in part. An Act to facilitate, in those Counties which are divided' into Ridings or Divisions, the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for consolidating I. and amending the laws relating to the Building, Repairing, and Regulating of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales Section Eighteen.

c. 13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 14. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four.

c. 19. An Act to provide for the future Confinement of Male Convicts, removed from the General Penitentiary, and now on Board Vessels in the River Thames.

c. 22. An Act to repeal the Duties on all Articles the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either country from the other.

c. 23. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for abolishing certain Offices, and for regulating certain other Offices, in Ireland; so far as relates to the Commissioners of the Board of Works there.

c. 25. in part. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth" Year of the Reign of King William the Third, as relates to Burials in suppressed Monasteries, Abbeys, I .., or Convents, in Ireland; and to make further Pro- j e vision with respect to the Burial, in Ireland, of Persons dissenting from the Established Church Section One to " Repealed ". Sections Two to Four.

c. 27. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, — and ends with the wordst — Ecclesiastical Courts within the Kingdom of Ireland.

c. 29. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual Regulations for the Election, and for securing the Performance of the Duties of County Treasurers in Ireland.

c. 31. An Act for fixing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers^and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five.

c. 36. in part. An Act to amend and render more effectual the several 1 Acts for the issuing of Exchequer Bills for Public in part; namely, — Works - - J Section One to " purposes mentioned in such application." Sections Three and Six. Section Seven from "or under an Act" to "repairing Gaols in England ". Section Eight.

c. 37. An Act to continue for Two Years, and to amend an Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of His late Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cases.

c. 38. in part. An Act to amend Two Acts for maintaining and keeping 1 in Repair the Military and Parliamentary Roads in > in part; namely, — the Highlands of Scotland - - J Sections One to Five. Section Six to " wherefore be it enacted that

c. 40. An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, an Act relating to Duties of Excise on Crown, Flint, and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws of Excise relating to Flint Glass; and also an Act for suspending Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.

c. 42. An Act for applying the Surplus of the Grants of One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three, and the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four.

c. 48. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, — and ends with the words, — Land Revenue of the Crown; and for other Purposes.

c. 51. An Act to repeal several Laws relating to the Fisheries carried on upon the Banks and Shores of Newfoundland, and to make Provision for the better Conduct of the said Fisheries for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

c. 54. An Act to repeal the Duties on Licences to brew and to retail Beer, Spirituous Liquors, and Foreign Wine, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and amend the Laws of Excise relating to such Duties, and to Brewers and Retailers of Beer.

c. 55. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to assimilate the Duties, — and ends with the words, — payable throughout the United Kingdom.

c. 56. An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, certain farts of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, among other Things for the preventing private Distillation in Scotland.

c. 57. An Act to repeal Four Acts of His late Majesty, relating to the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof.

c. 58. An Act to continue for Four Years, and from thence until 'the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers of the Commissioners for enquiring concerning Charities in England and Wales.

c. 59. An Act for exhibiting a Bill for the Restoration of John Francis Erskine of Mar.

c. 63. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland.

c. 65. c. 66. An Act to repeal the Duties and Laws in respect of Salt and Rock Salt. An Act to repeal certain Acts of His late Majesty, relating to the Wages of Persons employed in the Manufacture of Silk, and of Silk mixed with other Materials.

c. 67. in part. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in \ Newfoundland, and for other Purposes - - J 9 Sections Eleven, Eighteen, and Nineteen. Section Twenty-one from " that the Governor " to " instituted under this Act; and ". Sections Twenty-three to Thirty-four and Thirty-six. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

N.

022

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 68. in part. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh" Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate file Cele- I bration of Marriages in Newfoundland; and to make > V91* further Provision for the Celebration of Marriages in the said Colony and its Dependencies Section One to " repealed *\ Section Two to end of Act. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 72. in part. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual "I an Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends in certain I- in part; namely, — Cases, in Scotland - - - J Section Seven.

c. 74. in part. An Act for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity 1 of Weights and Measures - _ Jin part, namely, — Section One from " from and after the First day of May " to " Imperial Standard Yard". Section Four from " from and after " to " computed and ascertained; and "; and from " and that seven thousand " to " to be a pound avoirdupois ". Section Seven, the words " coals, culm ". Section Eight from " in making use of " to M such cone; and that Section Nine, the words," coals, culm ". Section Thirteen. Section Fifteen, the words " where no special agreement shall be made " to the contrary "; and from " and in all cases " to the end of that Section. Sections Sixteen to Nineteen, and Twenty-three.

c. 78. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of His" present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to lease Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, and to 1 . __, i_ authorize the Sale and Purchase of the Prisage and fmpan' namely, -- Butlerage of *Wines in the Ports of the County of Cornwall, and in Plymouth -Except Section Eight.

c. 82. in part. An Act for better regulating the Office of Clerk of the Y. #, Parliaments- - j* in pan; namely. Sections One and Four. Section Five from " by the person " to " as aforesaid; and afterwards Section Six.

c. 83. in part. An Act for the Punishment of idle and disorderly 1 Persons, and Rogues and Vagabonds, in that Part > in part; namely, — of Great Britain called England - J Sections One and Two.

c. 84. in part. An Act for the Transportation of Offenders from Great 1 . ., Britain - J in part; namely, — Section One. Section Two to " under the provisions of this Act; and ". Sections Seventeen, Twenty-five, and Twenty-nine. Also so much of the Act as provides for the appointment of the superintendent therein mentioned, or any overseer or any assistant or deputy to such superintendent.

c. 89. An Act for the Relief, in certain Cases, of the Incumbents of Ecclesiastical Livings or Benefices mortgaged for building, rebuilding, or purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for such Benefices.

c. 90. in part. An Act to amend an Act for building additional Places \, of Worship in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland J P* ' m e Section One to " thereof; and

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

628

o. 93. An Act to amend the Acts of the last Session of Parliament relating to Presentments by Grand Juries for Payment of the Salaries of public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland.

c. 94. An Act to allow the Averment of the Order for Prosecution by Commissioners of Customs or Excise to be sufficient Proof of the Order having been made.

c. 96. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relative to 1 the Arbitration of Disputes between Masters and > in part; namely, — Workmen - - J Section One.

c. 97. c. 102. in part. An Act to repeal the Laws relative to Artificers going into Foreign Parts. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, >in part; namely, — and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies within the District of Dublin Metropolis - -J Sections One to Four, Six, Twelve, Fifteen, Twenty, Twenty-three, Twenty-four, and Twenty-nine.

c. 103. in part. An Act to make further Provision, and to amend and"| render more effectual Three Acts, passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years or His late Majesty, I. ______ and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for namely — building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes -J Sections One to Four, and Nineteen.

c. 105. An Act further to continue and to amend an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for suppressing Insurrections and preventing Disturbances of the public Peace in Ireland.

c. 108. An Act for transferring to the East India Company certain Possessions newly acquired in the East Indies, and for authorizing the Removal of Convicts from Sumatra. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 110. An Act for the Indemnity of Magistrates in Proceedings against Persons using unlawful Weights in Ireland.

c. 113. in part. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to \ . the Abolition of the Slave Trade - - _Jmpart; namely, -Sections One, Thirty, and Forty-five. Section Fifty-one from " and all the said penalties " to the end of that Section. Sections Sixty-three, Sixty-four, Sixty-six, Sixty-nine, Eighty-one, and Eighty-two. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 114. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the First, as restrains any other Corporations than those in the Act named, and any Societies or Partnerships, from effecting Marine Assurances, and lending Money on Bottomry.

c. 115. An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

6 Geo. 4. c. 1. An Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five.

c. 2. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five.

c. 4. An Act to amend certain Acts relating to unlawful Societies in Ireland.

C24

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 6. An Act for 4he regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 7. in part. An Act for the further Repeal of certain Duties of 1 Assessed Taxes, and for granting Relief in the Cases Un part; namely, — therein mentioned - - - J Section Two from "and when any window" to "increase of such window or windows "; the words " or of the increase of windows "; the words " or the additional window or windows therein shall be made or restored "; and from " or such additional number of window or windows " to " made, opened, or restored ". Section Six.

c. 9. in part. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year'' certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England; and also for granting certain >in'part; namely, — Duties on Sugar imported; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five -J Sections One, Two, Four, Six, Eight to Fourteen, Nineteen, Twenty-three, Twenty-four, Twenty-six to Thirty-eight, and the rest of the Act fco far as it relates to duties on estates in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandise, chattels, or other personal estate, or to duties on sugar.

c. 10. An Act to facilitate the Proceedings before the Commissioners of Inquiry relating to Courts of Justice in Ireland.

c. 11. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, an Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

c. 12. in part. An Act to prolong the Time of the Commencement of*] an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for ascertain- 1 . ... ing and establishing Uniformity of Weights and f P* Measures, and to amend the said Act - -J Section One. Section Two, the words " coals, culm," the words " coals and all other "; and from " and the height " to the end of that Section.

c. 14. An Act for applying the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five.

c. 20. An Act for fixing, (until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 22. in part. An Act to regulate the Qualification and the Manner of] enrolling Jurors in Scotland, and of choosing Jurors | on Criminal Trials there; and to unite Counties for Sin part; namely, — the Purposes of Trial in Cases of High Treason in Scotland - -J Section Twenty-two.

c. 23. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of the Sheriff andl . ., Stewart and Burgh Courts of Scotland - .} part; namely, — Section Two from " Provided always " to the end of that Section. Section Seven from " Provided always " to the end of that Section.

c. 24. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

c. 25. An Act for defining the Rights of Capital Convicts who receive Pardon, and of Convicts after having been punished for Clergyable Felonies; for placing Clerks in Orders on the same Footing with other Persons, as to Felonies; and for limiting the Effect of the Benefit of Clergy.

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

625

c. 29. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

c. 30. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Administration V in part; namely, — of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland - J Sections Two to Four, Six to Fifteen, Seventeen, and the Table.

c. 31. An Act the title of which begins Hoith the words, — An Act to defray the Charge, — and ends with the words, — Twenty-fifth Pay of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

c. 32. in part. An Act to provide for the Application of Monies arising 1 in certain Cases of Assessments for Land Tax in V in part; namely, — Great Britain - - - J Section One from "Provided always" to Person or persons respectively", and the words "and also of all such money arising in former years as aforesaid ". Sections Two, Six, and Nine. Note to Schedule A.

c. 33. An Act to repeal certain Acts relating to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, and the Duties payable to them; and to authorize the Transfer and Disposal of the Possessions and Property of the said Governor and Company, for the Public Service.

c. 34. An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase a certain Annuity in respect of Duties of Customs levied in the Isle of Man, and any reserved Sovereign Rights in the said Island, belonging to John Duke of Atholl.

. c. 36. in part. An Act to render more effectual the several Acts for authorising Advances for carrying on Public Works, V in part; namely, — so far as relates to Ireland - - J Sections One to Seven.

c. 3/. An Act to provide for the future Assimilation of the Duties of Excise upon Sweets or Made Wines, upon Mead and Metheglin, upon Vinegar, and upon Cyder and Perry, in Great Britain and Ireland, and to continue the Duty of Excise on Sweets or Made Wines in Great Britain until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

c. 42. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of Copartnerships \ ., of certain Bankers in Ireland - J1 Sections One, Four, and Eight.

c. 43. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, for impounding of Distresses in Ireland.

c. 45. An Act to allow, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, the Enrolment of Articles of Clerkship to Solicitors and Attornies in England, and the making and filing of Affidavits relating thereto, in certain Cases, where the same may have been omitted or neglected.

c. 47. in part. An Act for restricting the Punishment of Leasing- . making. Sedition, and Blasphemy, in Scotland . jin Pa )* Sections Three to Five.

c. 48. in part. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the'| Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of King George 1 ., the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts In f m P"* ' nftme*y — Scotland - -J Section One. Section Three from "agreeable to the form" to "concluding against the defender." Form of Complaint in Schedule A.

c. 52. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for amending former Acts relating to Presentments by Grand Juries for Payment of the Salaries of Treasurers and Public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland,

c. 54. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second *] Years of His present Majesty, for the Establish- >in part; namely, — ment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland - J Section Two,

c. 55. An Act to regulate the Proceedings as to sealing of Writs in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

c. 57. in part. An Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting the"! Settlement of the Poor, as far as regards renting > in part; namely, — Tenements and paying Parochial Taxes - - J Section One.

c. 58. in part. An Act for providing equivalent Rates of Excise Duties, *1 Allowances, and Drawbacks on Beer and Malt, and I. on Spirits, made in Scotland or Ireland, according to | Part> e1^' the Measure of the new Imperial Standard Gallon - J Except so much of Section Two as imposes malt duties, and Section Six.

c. 64. An Act to alter for One Year, and until the end of the then next Session of Parliament, the Duty on Wheat the Produce of the British Possessions in North America.

c. 65. An Act to allow, until the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, the Entry of Warehoused Corn, Grain, and Wheaten Flour for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty.

c. 68. An Act to regulate the Conveyance of printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and Printed Newspapers, by Packet Boats between Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Colonies, and also in the United Kingdom.

c. 70. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five.

c. 71. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annual Sum to His Royal Highness Ernest Augustus Duke of Cumberland, for the Purpose of enabling His said Royal Highness to provide for the Support and Education of His Highness Prince George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus of Cumberland.

c. 72. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annual Sum to Her Royal Highness Mary Louisa Victoria Duchess of Kent, for the Purpose of enabling Her said Royal Highness to provide for the Support and Education of Her Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria of Kent.

c. 78. in part. An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the"! Performance of Quarantine, and to make other Pro- [-in part; namely, — visions in lieu thereof - - J Section One.

c. 80. in part. An Act to repeal the Duties payable in respect of' Spirits distilled in England, and of licences for distilling, rectifying, or compounding such Spirits, and for the Sale of Spirits, and to impose other [n, Duties in lieu thereof; and to provide other Regu- j 9 - ' lations for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the Warehousing of such Spirits, without Payment of Duty, for Exportation -_-Except Section One hundred and forty-five.

c. 81. in part.

An Act to repeal several Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws for granting Excise Licences -

Section One.

Section Two, so far as it relates to the following subjects; namely, —

Auctions.

Brewers of table beer only for sale.

Candles.

Coffee.

Glass.

Hides.

Paper.

Printed goods.

Soap.

Makers of stills in Scotland or Ireland.

Starch.

Makers of sweets or made wines, or of mead or metheglin, for sale.

Wire.

Section Three.

Section Nine, the words " except persons exercising or carrying on " the trade or business of a Drewer of beer in Ireland, or the trade " or business of an auctioneer or person selling any goods or " chattels, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by auction in any " part of the United Kingdom"; and from "and that from and " after the fifth day of July" to the end of that Section.

Sections Nineteen and Twenty.

Section Twenty-six from "every person exercising" to "table beer " only for sale "; from " every maker of wax " to " vellum or parchment from " every maker of paper " to " soap for sale "; from " every starch maker " to " metheglin for sale "; from " and every " wire drawer " to " big wire "; from every person trading " to chocolate or pepper 9 9; and the words " every maker of stills in " Scotland or Ireland ".

Sections Thirty-one, Thirty-three, Thirty-four, Thirty-six, and Thirty-seven.

j-in part; namely, —

c. 82. in part.

c. 83. in part.

c. 84. in part.

An Act to abolish the Sale of Offices in the Court of" King's Bench in England, to make Provision for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and to grant an additional Annuity to the said Lord Chief Justice on Resignation of his Office Except Section Ten.

An Act to abolish the sale of Offices in the Court of" Common Pleas in England, to make Provision for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and to grant an additional Annuity to the said Lord Chief Justice on Resignation of his Office-Except Section Nine.

An Act to provide for the augmenting the Salaries of" the Master of the Rolls and the Vice Chancellor of England, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and the Puisne Judges and Barons of the Courts in Westminster Hall; and to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to such Vice Chancellor, and additional Annuities to such Mastei* of the Rolls, Chief Baron, and Puisne Judges and Barons, on their Resignation of their respective Offices -Except Sections Four, Five, and Seven.

3 G 2

in part; namely, —

in part; namely, —

in part; namely, —

c. 85. in part.

c. 86.

in part.

s c. 87.

in part.

c. 88. in part.

c. 89.

c. 91.

c. 93. c. 99.

c. 101.

c. 102. c. 103.

c. 105.

c. 117.

c. 118. in part.

in part; namely, —

An Act for further regulating the Payment of the '

Salaries and Pensions to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts in India, and the Bishop of Calcutta; for authorizing the Transportation of Offenders from the Island of Saint Helena; and for more effectually providing for the Administration of Justice in Singapore and Malacca, and certain Colonies on the Coast of Coromandel

Sections Three and Six.

Section Eighteen from " without benefit of clergy " to " accordingly". Sections Nineteen and Twenty-one.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to provide for the Erection of certain Courts and Offices of Justice In Scotland - - .j-m part, namely, —

Except Section Five.

An Act to regulate the Payment of Salaries and*

Allowances to British Consuls at Foreign Ports, and I the Disbursements at such Ports for certain Publick r Purposes - -J

Sections Sixteen, Seventeen, and Twenty-two.

An Act to make Provision for the Salaries of certain

Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Dignitaries and Ministers, in the Diocese of Jamaica, and in the Diocese of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands; and to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to such Bishops upon the Resignation of their Offices Sections Wo to Four.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to authorize the Purchase of the Office of Receiver and Comptroller of the Seal of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of Custos Brevium of the Court of Common Pleas.

in part; namely, —

in part; namely, —

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal, — and ends with the words, — trading and other Companies.

An Act to render valid certain Decrees and Orders at the Rolls Court.

An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament relative to the forming Tables of Manors, Parishes, and Townlands in Ireland, and to make Provision for ascertaining the Boundaries of the same.

An Act to provide for the repairing, maintaining, and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges m Ireland.

An Act to amend the Laws respecting deserted Children in Ireland.

An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy to acquire certain Portions of the Docks and Shore Ground at Leith for a Naval Yard, and to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money on the Security of the Docks and of the Harbour of Leith.

An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal the Excise Duties, — and ends with the words, — until further Provision can be made.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act ] to transfer the Collection, — and ends with the words, V in part; namely, — — Pots containing Cocoa Paste -

Section One from " the Duties and Sums of Money granted and made " payable bjr an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year " to " Manufactored in Ireland; and also ", and the words " and also upon " or in respect of Licences to Persons to let to hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage " in Ireland ".

Section Seven.

c. 120. in part. An Act for the better regulating of the Forms of Pro-1 ., , cess in the Courts of Law in Scotland £. -/in Part; Section One from " and the Provisions of an Act " to the end of that section. Sections Two, Six to Nine, and Fourteen to Sixteen. Section Eighteen from "and if the Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary " to " been before the Lord Ordinary ". Section Twenty to " shall be final and the words " on cases prepared in consequence of such order or". Section Twenty-eight to " repealed ". Sections Twenty-nine to Thirty-two, and Thirty-four. Section Thirty-five to " repealed ". Sections Thirty-six, Thirty-eight, Thirty-nine, and Forty-one to Forty-three. Section Forty-eight, the words " or advocation ". Section Forty-nine. Section Fifty the words " together with the Chief Commissioner of the Jury Court "; the words " and of the Jury Court "; and the words " the High Court of Admiralty, Court of Commissaries of Edinburgh, and ". Sections Fifty-five and Fifty-six.

c. 121. An Act to enable the Insolvent Debtors Court to dispense, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, with the Necessity of Prisoners residing within the Walls in certain Cases.

c. 128. in part. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's*' Treasury to advance out of the Consolidated Fund certain Sums for the Payment of Debts due from the Commissioners of Wide Streets, and for the erecting >in part; namely, — a Corn Exchange in the City of Dublin; and to repeal certain Duties on Licences relating to Cards and Clubs in the City of Dublin -Sections One and Three.

c. 131. An Act to regulate the Mode in which certain Societies or Copartnerships in Scotland may sue and be sued.

c. 133. An Act to amend and explain an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales.

c. 134. An Act for applying the Surplus of the Grants of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

7 Geo. 4. c. 1. An Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

c. 2. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

c. 4. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act 1 to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, — 1. .., and ends with the words, — upon the Resignation of | their Offices -J Section One. Section Two from " the Sum to be paid to the Ministers " to " Leeward Islands; and that Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 5. An Act to give effect to Treaties of Commerce with Countries in America not at present provided with National Merchant Shipping. 3 G 3

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 6. in part. An Act to limit, and after a certain Period to prohibit, "I the-issuing of Promissory Notes under a limited Sum > in part; namely, — in England - -J Sections One and Two. Section Three from " if any Body Politic or Corporate or Person or Persons shall " to " One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six; or Sections Six, Eight, and Eleven. Also Section Four, but as to this Section, so long only as 26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. continues in force.

c. 7. An Act to facilitate the advancing of Money by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England upon Deposits or Pledges.

c. 10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 11. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 16. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts relating 1 to the Royal Hospitals for Soldiers at Chelsea and > in part; namely, — Kilmainham - - -J Sections One, Two, Five, Fifteen, Sixteen, and Eighteen to Twenty. Section Twenty-two from " the Payment of any Pensioners " to " respecting the same; and that Sections Thirty and Thirty-two. Section Thirty-three, so far as it relates to the Deduction for Stoppage or Charge therein referred to. Sections Thirty-six, Thirty-seven, and1 Fifty-two.

c. 19. An Act to repeal Two Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, relative to Assault and Battery pendente Lite.

c. 23. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise upon tawed Kid Skips, Sheep Skins, and Lamb Skins.

c. 24. An Act for fixing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 25. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, an Act for preventing private Distillation in Scotland.

c. 26. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

c. 27. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven.

c. .30. An Act to amend the several Acts for authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works, and to extend the Provisions thereof in'certain Cases.

c. 37. An Act to regulate the appointment of Juries in the East Indies. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 40. An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to advance Money out of the Consolidated Fund towards the Expences of rebuilding London Bridge.

c. 41. An Act to amend the Laws for the Recovery of Small Debts, and the Proceedings for that Purpose, in the Manor Courts in Ireland.

c. 46. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An"! Act for the better regulating Copartnerships of certain 1; rt namely_ Bankers in England, — and ends with the words, — as f relates to the same - - - J The last Section.

c. 47.

c. 48. c. 49.

c. 50. c. 51. c. 53.

c. 56. in part.

c. 5/.

c. 58. in part.

c. 59.

c. 63. in part.

c. 64. in part.

c. 65.

c. 67.

in part.

c. 70.

>in part; namely, —

An Act to allow, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, certain Bounties on the Exportation from Ireland of Salmon, Red Herrings, and Dried Sprats.

An Act to alter and amend the several Laws relating to the Customs.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend several Laws of Excise, — and ends with the words, — Repayment of Money advanced by Collectors of Excise for Public Works in Ireland.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions two hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

An Act to confirm Sales made by the Surveyor General and the Commissioners of the Land Revenue of the Crown, under an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of His late Majesty.

An Act to regulate the Importation of Silk Goods until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, and to encourage the Silk Manufactures by the Repeal of certain Duties.

An Act to suspend the Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty, respecting the Appointment of Writers in the Service of the East India Company, and to authorize the Payment of the Allowances of the Civil and Military Officers of the said Company dying while absent from India -Except Section Three.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Corps of Yeo-\ nornoi-.

manry Cavalry and Volunteers in Great Britain - /1

Section One.

Section Four from "so much of the said Act" to "repealed; and that ".

An Act to continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, for facilitating the Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service.

An Act to provide for repairing, improving, and rebuilding Shire Halls, County Halls, and other Buildings for holding the Assizes and Grand Sessions, and also Judges Lodgings, throughout England and Wales Sections One and Two.

An Act for improving the Administration of Criminal p^. namejy________

Sections Seven, Eight, Twenty, and Thirty-two.

An Act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in England.

An Act to regulate the Mode in which certain Societies "

or Copartnerships for Banking in Scotland may sue > in part; namely, — and be sued - - -J

Sections Twelve and Sixteen.

An Act to permit Foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, warehoused, to be taken out for Home Consumption, until the Sixteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.

»in part; namely, —

c. 71. An Act to empower His Majesty to admit Foreign Com for Home Consumption, under certain Limitations until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, or for Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament, if Parliament shall not then be sitting.

c. 74. in part. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws\; nnort. nomeiv relating to Prisons in Ireland -jinP Y* Section One. Section Ninety-seven from " Provided also " to the end of that Section. Section One hundred and seventeen. Sections One hundred and twenty-four to One hundred and thirty. Section One hundred and thirty-five from "and the venue" to " thereupon." Section One hundred and thirty-nine, {he words " or to the Marshalsea " of the City of Dublin, or to the Sheriffs Prison there ". Sections One hundred and forty to One hundred and forty-two.

c. 79. An Act for applying a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Surplus of the Grants of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 1. An Act for applying a Sum of Money for the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven.

c. 2. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven.

c. 3. An Act to confirm an Order in Council for allowing the Importation of Foreign Oats, Oatmeal, Rve, Pease, and Beans; to indemnify all Persons who have advised or actea in execution of the same; and to permit the Importation of such Articles until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven.

c. 4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 5. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 7. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, and also certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom; for the service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven.

c. 9. An Act to repeal an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread.

c. 10. An Act to enable His Majesty to make further Provision for their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Clarence.

c. 11. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

c. 12. An Act to amend an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

c. 14. An Act for fixing, until the Twenty-fifth Dav of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 16. An Act for applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven.

c. 19. An Act to repeal an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating Vessels carrying passengers to Foreign Parts.

c. 22. An Act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

c. 23. An Act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for providing for the repairing, maintaining, and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in Ireland.

c. 24. in part. An Act to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike \, Roads in England - - part; namely, - Section Eight.

c. 25. An Act for the Relief of certain Spiritual Persons, and Patrons of Ecclesiastical Preferments, from certain Penalties; and rendering valid certain Bonds, Covenants, or other Assurances for the Resignation of Ecclesiastical Preferments.

c. 27. An Act for repealing various Statutes in England relative to the Benefit of Clergy, and to larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and to malicious Injuries to Property, and to Remedies against the Hundred.

c. 31. in part. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws\. in England relative to Remedies against the Hundred j in P, Section Five.

c. 36. An Act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting deserted Children in Ireland.

c. 38. c. 39. An Act for discontinuing certain Presentments by Constables. An Act to repeal such Parts of Two Acts of King William and Queen Mary and of King George the Second, as relate to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods.

c. 41. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions eight hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven.

c. 42. An Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven.

c. 44. An Act to provide for the Payment of a Salary (in lieu of Fees) to the Judge of the Prerogative Court and Court of Faculties in Ireland.

c. 45. An Act to allow, until the Twenty-fourth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven, the Inrolment of certain Articles of Clerkship and Assignments thereof.

c. 47. in part. An Act for the further Amendment and Extension of *| the Powers of the several Acts authorising Advances V in part; namely, — for carrying.on Public Works - J Section Two.

c. 48. An Act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in England.

c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

c. 51. An Act for further amending an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Administration of Justice in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 52. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend certain Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom; and for amending the Laws re- 1 # _oYri. lating to Brewers in Ireland, and to the Allowance P in respect of the Malt Duty on Spirits made in Scotland and Ireland from Malt only - J Sections Ten to Nineteen, Forty-seven to Fifty-three, Sixty-six to Seventy-five, Seventy-nine, Eighty, and Eighty-three.

c. 53. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to T the Collection and Management of the Revenue of > in part; namely, — Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland - J Section Forty-eight. Section One hundred and twenty-seven. Section One hundred and twenty-eight, down to u or any part thereof," until all such proceedings shall be completed and ended "; and from " all penalties and forfeitures which shall have been or shall be " to " commencement of this Act, and ". Sections One hundred and twenty-nine and One hundred and thirty.

c. 55. in part. An Act to consolidate the Boards of Stamps in Great I *n . namely Britain and Ireland - - . 9 Sections Two and Eight.

c. 57. An Act to permit, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, certain Corn, Meal, and Flour to be entered for Home Consumption.

c. 59. An Act for further amending the Laws for the Recovery of Small Debts, and the Proceedings for that Purpose, in the Manor Courts in Ireland.

c. 60. An Act to amend the Acts for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland.

c. 61. in part. An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the 1 . Butter Tntde in Ireland - _ jin part; namely, -Sections One and Two.

c. 63. An Act to explain so much of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as relates to the Transportation of Offenders.

c. 65. in part. An Act to explain and remove Doubts touching the \ . nBmn, Admiralty - - - _ jin part; namely, - Section Four from " Provided always" to the end of that Section.

c. 67. An Act for the better Administration of Justice at the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland. The whole Act, except Section Twelve from " and the office " to the end of that Section.

c. 68. An Act for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

c. 70. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

. c. 72. in part. An Act to amend the Acts for building and promoting T the building of additional Churches in populous in part; namely, — parishes - - - J Sections One and Three.

c. 73. An Act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

635

c. 75. in part.' An Act to appoint Commissioners for carrying into*] execution several Acts, granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, fin part; namely, — and continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on | Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions, in EnglandJ Sections Three, Five, and Seven.

9 Geo. 4. c. 1. An Act for applying a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

c. 2. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

c. 3. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 5. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

c. 7. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland as relate to the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities and Towns, for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of which no particular Provision is made by any Act of Parliament.

c. 8. An Act for fixing, until the Twenty-fiffch Day bf March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

c. 10. An Act for applying certain Sums of Money to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

c. 11. An Act to exempt Vessels propelled by Steam from the Penalties to which Vessels are liable, under various Acts, for having Fire on board in the Ports, Harbours, Rivers, Canals, and Lakes of Ireland.

c. 12. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence, before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, on a Bill to exclude the Borough of Penryn from sending Members to serve in Parliament.

c. 14. in part. An Act for rendering a written Memorandum necessary \. to the Validity of certain Promises and Engagements J 1 F Section Ten.

c. 16. in part. An Act to repeal so much of several Acts as empowers the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National v in part; namely, — Debt to grant Life Annuities - J Section One.

c. 19. An Act for applying a Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for the Sendee of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

c. 20. An Act for prohibiting, during the present Session of Parliament, the Importation of Foreign Wheat into the Isle of Man; and for levying a Duty on Meal or Flour made of Foreign Wheat imported from the Isle of Man into the United Kingdom.

c. 23. in part. An Act to enable Bankers in England to issue certain*) unstamped Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, 1. ., upon Pavment of a Composition in lieu of the Stamp |1 ' Lhities thereon - - - J Sections Sixteen and Seventeen.

c. 24. in part. An Act to repeal certain Acts, and to consolidate and"I amend the Laws relating to Bills of Exchange and I-in part; namely, — Promissory Notes in Ireland -J Sections One and Twelve.

c. 25. in part.

c. 28.

c. 29. in part.

c. 30.

c. 32. in part.

c. 33.

c. 35. in part.

c. 36.

c. 38. in part.

c. 39. in part.

c. 42. in part.

c. 44. in part.

An Act to authorize the Appointment of Persons to act 1 as Solicitors on behalf of His Majesty in any Court tin part; namely, — or Jurisdiction in Revenue Matters -

Section Two.

An Act to enlarge the Powers granted to His Majesty under an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, to enable His Majesty to recompense the Service of Persons holding, or who have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices.

An Act to authorize additional Circuit Courts of]

Justiciary to be held, and to facilitate Criminal > in part; namely, — Trials, in Scotland -

Section Five from "so much of an Act passed" to "it is hereby provided that ".

An Act for applying surplus Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

An Act for amending the Law of Evidence in certain \. tiama.

Cases - - - .]* m part; namely, —

Except Section Three.

An Act to declare and settle the Law respecting the Liability of the real Estates of British Subjects and others, situate within the Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Supreme Courts in India, as Assets in the Hands of Executors and Administrators, to the Payment of the Debts of their deceased Owners.

Repealed except as to estates of persons dying before 1st January 1866. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to protect Purchasers for valuable Consideration in Ireland against Judgments not revived or in part; namely, — re-docketted within a limited Time -

Except Sections Eight and Nine.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the" Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such persons as have acted without due Authority in execution of the Acts therein recited -Section Four.

inpart; namely, —

An Act for the Preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland -

Section One from " the said Act " to " repealed; and that Sections Two, Four, Five, Six, and Eight.

Qm j- in part; namely, —

An Act to abolish Church Briefs, and to provide for"| the better Collection and Application of voluntary I.

Contributions for the purpose of enlarging and r P »1

building Churches and Chapels -

Sections One and Twelve to Fifteen.

An Act to provide for the Execution, throughout the" United Kingdom, of the several Laws of Excise relating to Licences and Survey on Tea, Coffee, Cocoa, Pepper, Tobacco, Snuff, Foreign and Colonial Spirits and Wine, notwithstanding the Transfer to the Customs of the Import Duties on any of such Commodities -

Sections Three, Five, and Six.

in part; namely, —

c. 45.

c. 46.

c. 47. in part.

c. 50.

c. 53.

c. 54. in part.

c. 58. in part.

c. 61. in part.

An Act to amend and to make perpetual, and to extend to the whole of the United Kingdom, certain Provisions contained in several Acts for regulating the Rectification, compounding, dealing in, or retailing of Spirits, and for preventing private Distillation, in Scotland; and to provide for the Payment of the Duty on Malt used in making of Spirits from Malt only.

An Act to enable certain Hotel Keepers to be licensed to keep Hotels as common Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses, and to sell therein Beer and other exciseable liquors, for the Residue of the present Year.

An Act for regulating the Retail of exciseable Articles and Commodities to Passengers on board of Passage Vessels from one Part to another of the United Kingdom -Section Seven.

-inpart; namely, —

An Act for regulating the Appropriation of certain unclaimed Shares of Prize Money acquired by Soldiers or Seamen in the Service of the East India Company.

An Act to repeal several Acts and Parts of Acts in force in Ireland, relating to Bui in Cases of Felony, and to certain Proceedings in Criminal Cases, and to the Benefit of Clergy, and to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and to malicious Injuries to Property.

An Act for improving the Administration of Justice 1 .

in Criminal Cases in Ireland - - . part; namely, -

Sections Fourteen and Thirty-one.

>inpart; namely, —

An Act to regulate the granting of Certificates, by"

Justices of the Peace and Magistrates, authorizing Persons to keep common Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses, in Scotland, in which Ale,

Beer, Spirits, Wine, and other Exciseable Liquors may be sold by Retail under Excise Licences; and for the better Regulation of such Houses; and for the Prevention of such Houses being kept without such Certificate -

Sections One to Four, Ten, and Eighteen.

Section Twenty-three from " and all such records " to the end of that Section.

Sections Twenty-five, Twenty-six, Thirty-three, Thirty-five, and Thirty-six.

The Forms A.B. D. and F. in the Schedule.

An Act to regulate the granting of Licences to Keepers 1 of Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses, in V in part; namely, — England -

Section Thirty-five.

The Schedules.

c. 62. in part.

c. 66. in part.

c. 67.

An Act for the Relation of the linen and Hempen namely.-

Manufactures of Ireland - . j J

Except Sections Thirty-six and Thirty-seven.

Section One.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray the Charge, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundrea and twenty-nine.

c. 68.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Laws of Excise relating to Retail Brewers.

638

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 70. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words, — for other purposes relating thereto.

c. 71. An Act to empower the Deputy Warden of the Cinque Ports and Lieutenant of Dover Castle to act for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle during the Indisposition of the present Lord Warden.

c. 74. in part. An Act for improving the Administration of Criminal! . Justice in the East Indies - _}m part; namely, - The whole Act, except Sections One to Four, Seven to Ten, Thirteen to Fifteen, Twenty-one, Twenty-three to Twenty-six, Thirty-six, Thirty-seven, Fifty-one, Fifty-two, Fifty-six, and One hundred and ten. Also so much of Section Fifty-one as relates to Coroners and to Civil Suits. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 77. in part. An Act to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike J >n . namely Sections One, Three, Four, Six, and Eight.

c. 79. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for apportioning the Burthen occasioned by the Military and Naval Pensions and Civil Superannuations, by vesting an equal Annuity in Trustees for the Payment thereof.

c. 80. in part. An Act to enable Bankers in Ireland to issue certain "1 unstamped Promissory Notes, upon Payment of a > in part; namely, — Composition in lieu of the Stamp Duties thereon - J Sections Fifteen and Eighteen.

c. 82. in part. An Act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities, Towns Corporate, and > in part; namely, — Market Towns in Ireland, in certain Cases - - J Sections One and Seventy-six.

c. 87. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting deserted Children in Ireland.

c. 88. An Act to repeal certain Provisions in several Acts relating to the Butter Trade in Ireland.

c. 89. An Act for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions and forty-six thousand eight hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

c. 90. An Act to amend the Acts for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt.

c. 92. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating!. n., to Savings Banks ..... ^j-mpart; namely- Sections One to Fourteen, Sixteen to Twenty-four, and Twenty-six. Section Twenty-eight from "Provided always," to the end of that Section. Sections Thirty-six, Thirty-eight, Thirty-nine, Forty-five to Forty-nine, and Sixty-two.

c. 95. An Act to apply the Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

10 Geo. 4. c. 1. An Act for the Suppression of dangerous Associations or Assemblies in Ireland.

1873.

Statute Law Revision.

Ch. 91.

639

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4. c. 5. c. G.

c. 7. in part.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 10. in part.

c. 11. c. 17.

c. 19. in part.

c. 20.

c. 22.

c. 24. in part.

c. 26. in part.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

An Act for applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion $ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic 1 -Subjects - - . J - j 111 part; namely.

Section Fourteen from " upon taking and subscribing " to *(abjuration

An Act to amend ^certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland relative to the

Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and to regulate the Qualification of Persons entitled to vote at the Election of Knights of the Shire in Ireland.

An Act for fixing, until the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

An Act to suspend, until the End of the next Session- of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolment for the Militia of the United Kingdom, and to reduce the permanent Staff, and regulate the Allowances of Serjeants hereafter appointed

Sections One and Two.

-in part; namely, —

An Act to continue for Two Years an Act made in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

An Act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Acts relating to the Island of Newfoundland, and the Fisheries carried on upon the Banks and Shores thereof.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament" of Scotland, intituled An Act concerning the Registration of Seisins and Reversions of Tenements within Burgh Section Three.

in part; namely, —

An Act to carry into execution the Stipulations of a Convention between His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty, for the Settlement of certain British Claims upon Spain, and of certain Spanish Claims upon the United Kingdom.

An Act to provide, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia, on the Western Coast of New Holland.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities V in part; namely, — and Annuities for Terms of Years -

Section Fifty-two.

An Act for transferring the Management of Greenwich 1

Out-Pensions, and certain Duties in Matters tof > in part; namely, — Prize, to the Treasurer of the Navy -

Sections One to Sixteen, Twenty-one, and Thirty-four.

3 H 2

G40

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 28. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

c. 29. c. 30. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and thirty. An Act to continue and amend the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.

c. 32. An Act to enable One or more of the Commissioners of Excise to act for the Dispatch of Business for Scotland and Ireland respectively.

c. 33. An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement of the Irish Fisheries.

c. 35. in part. An Act to prevent Arrests upon Mesne Process where the Debt or Cause of Action is under Twenty Pounds, > in part; namely, — and to regulate the Practice of Arrests, in Ireland - J Sections One and Five.

c. 36. An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

c. 37. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Coroners in# m Ireland - -part; namely, — Section Two.

o. 38. in part. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Attempts \ to murder in certain Cases in Scotland - - /in P Section One.

c. 39. An Act for continuing to His Majesty, for One Year, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

o. 40. An Act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for providing for the repairing, maintaining, and keeping in repair certain^ Roads and Bridges in Ireland.

c. 44. in part. An Act for improving the Police in and near the Me- \ . nf. # namftiv tropolis ---- pan, namety. Sections Three, Eight, and Nine. Section Ten the words " inserting the name of the receiver for the time being ". Section Twelve from " the receiver out of the moneys " to " payable quarterly; and". Sections Thirteen and Nineteen to Twenty-one. Section Twenty-nine to " subsequent to the Thirty-first of December ". Section Thirty-six. Section Thirty-seven from " and no person" to "mentioned in this Act ". Sections Thirty-eight and Thirty-nine. Section Forty to " Westminster", and from "and where any distress" to the end of that Section. Sections Forty-one to Forty-three.

c. 45. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, an Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis.

c. 47. An Act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend. Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

c. 48. An Act to authorize the Sale and Transfer of the Stocks or Funds standing in the Books of the Bank of Ireland on account of the Office of the Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and the Payment and Application of the Produce of such Stocks or Funds to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

641

c. 49. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty the Provisions of an Act to allow Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be refined.

c. 50. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to" the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Ex- I . chequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of[P4 ' the Crown in Ireland; and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney Sections One to Four. Section Seven. Section Eight from " and the said Commissioners " to the end of that Section. Sections Nine and Ten. Sections Fifteen and Eighteen to Twenty-one. Section Sixty-three from " until the determination " to any one of such districts ", and from " and until the determination '' to the end of that Section. Sections Sixty-four to Sixty-eight, Seventy-five, Seventy-nine, One hundred and fifteen. One hundred and sixteen, and One hundred and Thirty-one.

c. 54. c. 57. An Act for directing Reports to be made respecting Gaols in Scotland. An Act to continue until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty the Powers of the Commissioners for inquiring concerning Charities in England and Wales.

c. 60. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions four hundred thirty-eight thousand eight hundred Pounds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 1. An Act to authorize the Transfer of certain Balances in the Hands of the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties of England and Wales on account of Lunatic Asylums Licences.

c. 2. An Act to apply certain Sums of Money, out of the Consolidated Fund, and from the Aids granted for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

c. 3. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

c. 4. An Act for appropriating certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

c. 6. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

c. 7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 12. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence, before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, on a Bill to prevent Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford.

c. 15. An Act for relieving, in certain Cases, Vessels entering or sailing from the Port of Berwick-upon-Tweed, from the Duties leviable under Two Acts passed in the Forty-sixth and Fifty-fourth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, relating to the Northern Lighthouses. 3 H 3

c. 16.

c. 17. in part.

c. 19. in part.

c. 21.

c. 22. in part.

c. 23.

c. 25.

c. 26. in part.

c. 28.

c. 29.

c. 30.

c. 31. in part.

c. 32. in part.

c. 33.

in part; namely, —

he''!

sj *

in part; namely, —

An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise and Drawbacks on Leather, and the Laws relating thereto.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Seventh' and Eighth Years of His present Majesty, for consolidating and amending the Laws of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom, and for amending the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland, and the Malt Allowance on Spirits in Scotland and Ireland

Sections Five, Six, Nine to Twelve, Fifteen, Twenty, Twenty-two to Twenty-five, Twenty-seven to Thirty-four, Thirty-six, Forty, and Forty-one.

An Act to extend the Powers of Grand Juries in then Execution of an Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of His I late Majesty's Reign, for establishing Fever Hospitals in Ireland -

The whole Act, except as to the County of the City of Dublin.

An Act to confirm certain Leases of Lands for the Purposes of carrying on the Linen Manufacture of*Ireland.

An Act for appropriating the Richmond Lunatic 1

Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District V in part; namely, — Lunatic Asylum - -J

Section One.

An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint certain Persons to affix His Majesty's Royal Signature to Instruments requiring such Signature.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for

Ering Returns of Persons committed, tried, and convicted for nal Offences and Misdemeanors.

An Act to authorize the issuing of Exchequer Bills for the Payment of the Proprietors of Four Pounds per Centum Annuities in England and Ireland who have signified their Dissent under an Act passed in the present Session for transferring such Annuities into Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities-Sections One to Five.

An Act to apply a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

An Act to suspend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

in part; namely, —

An Act for reducing the Duty on Malt made from "I

Bear or Bigg only, in Ireland, to the same Duty as > in part; namely, — is now payaole thereon in Scotland -

Sections Three and Five.

An Act to explain Two Acts of His present Majesty, for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, and for the better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland

Sections Two to Five.

An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

in part; namely, -

1873.

Statute Law Revision. Ch. 91.

643

c. 36. in part. An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding 1 Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, > in part; namely, — and the taking Bills pro Confesso - J Section One.

c. 37. in part. An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of His latel Majesty King George the Fourth, to facilitate Criminal Trials in Scotland, and to abridge the I . _ftTrip1_ Period now required between the pronouncing of | Sentence and Execution thereof, in Cases importing | a Capital Punishment - -J Section One.

c. 38. An Act to continue and amend the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

c. 39. in part. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Transportation of Offenders I - nan4.. _am.lr from Great Britain; and for punishing Offences com- f ', mitted by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies J Section Eight.

c. 41. in part. An Act to make further Regulations with respect to \ -n Army Pensions - - - J " Sections One and Six.

c. 42. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts] relating to the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's > in part; namely, — Navy - - - j Section One.

c. 47. in part. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws fori _.OTr, piv facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate /1 P Section One.

c. 50. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

c. 51. in part. An Act to repeal certain of the Duties on Cyder in thel United Kingdom, and on Beer and Ale in Great I . naTT1Piv Britain, and to make other Provisions in relation j P8, , thereto - - -J Sections One, Two, Five, Six, Eighteen to Twenty-one, and Twenty-five.

c. 52. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to defray, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

c. 54. in part. An Act to revive, continue, and amend several Acts! . relating to the Fisheries - part; namely, -Section Four, and Section Six to end of Act.

c. 58. in part. An Act for regulating the Receipt and future Appro- ] priation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by > in part; namely, — Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law - J Sections One to Six.

c. 61. An Act to regulate the Applotment of County Rates and Cesses in Ireland, in certain Cases.

c. 62. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions six hundred and seven thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

c. 63. An Act to apply the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

644

Ch. 91.

Statute Law Revision.

36 & 37 Vict.

c. 64. in part. An Act to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cyder 1 ^. njtme]v by Retail in England - - J Section Two from " together with the Christian name " to " sureties " for the party so to be licensed "; from " within ten days " to " upon the execution of such bond "; the words " and shall expire " at the end of twelve calendar months after the day on which such " license shall be dated 9 9; the words " shall be according to the form " in the schedule annexed to this Act, and "; from " nor to any person" to " licensed to sell beer by retail "; and the words " and w of his sureties respectively ". So much of Section Thirty as incorporates or applies any repealed enactment. The Schedule.

c. 65. in part. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws re-"] lating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes Co- >in part; namely, — vert, idiots. Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind J Section One. Sections Thirteen and Nineteen. Section Twenty-one from " and if such renewal should" to the end of that Section. Sections Twenty-three to Twenty-five. Section Twenty-six from "and the committee" to the end of that Section. Sections Twenty-seven to Thirty, Thirty-three, Thirty-four, and Forty to Forty-two. Also so much of the Act as relates to or affects idiots, lunatics, or persons of unsound mind, or their property, so far as relates to Ireland.

c. 69. in part. An Act for uniting the Benefits of Jury Trial in Civil 1 Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations fin part; namely, — and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of | Scotland - - J Section One from " Provided always," to the end of that Section. Section Three from "Provided always," to "Lords Commissioners of the Jury Court'; and ", and from " during the foresaid space" to " in the said events ". Section Four. Section Six from " Provided always," to the end of that Section. Section Eight. Section Ten from "and for the information" to the end of that Section. Sections Twelve, Seventeen, Twenty-five, Twenty-six, Thirty from " so " much of an Act" to "repealed, and". Thirty-four, Thirty-five from "the Lord President" to "judgment; and". Thirty-eight, Forty-one to Forty-three, Forty-five, and Schedule.

c. 70. in part. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice \ . in England and Wales - m part 5 namely, - Sections Two, Five, Ten, Fourteen, Sixteen to Eighteen, Twenty-three to Twenty-six, Twenty-eight to Thirty, Thirty-four, and Thirty-six to end of Act.

c. 72. An Act to allow, before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one. Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be refined.

c. 75. An Act for the Relief of the Sufferers by the Insolvency of Gilbert Ricketts, Esquire, formerly Registrar of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras.

---

[List of acts in classes removed.]

[Index removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1873.

